tclTech (000100) Mid 2024: Significant improvements in the profitability of panel operations and luminous operations to be repaired
During the first half of the year, supply and demand improved in the panel industry, prices of major products steadily increased, companies actively optimized business strategies and business structures, and profitability improved significantly. In the first half of the year, tcl. operated a net cash flow of $12.63 billion, in line with market expectations.
In the first half of 2024, the company semiconductor showed business income of 49.880 billion yuan, a 40.4 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit of 2.70 billion yuan, an improvement of $6.15 billion in the same year, of which the second quarter was realized.
The expected impact of the build-up and high prices, the early release of the terminal customer order, and the increase in the price of the large-scale lcd production line, quarter round. Companies continue to exercise the advantages of manufacturing efficiency and process of g8.5 and g11. The average size of the 24h1 television panel business is 1.2 inches higher than in the same period last year and remains constant.
2. Medium-sized areas: firm acceleration with new business such as IT and vehicle load depth, t9 production lines as planned for product development and brand customer import, igzo output of oxide products, 6 generation of ltps lines to accelerate product structural upgrading, product groups
3) Small size area: 24h1 company, ltps, has the second largest volume of mobile panels worldwide, flexible-led panels have 39 million pieces, an increase of 180% over the same period, city share has risen to third in the world, and fourth in volume. In addition, companies are involved in 70% of lig China.
tcl would further enrich the semiconductor display line. tclTechnology (000100): display panel cycle.
Technology and industry concentration will increase further. Upwards, photovoltaic operations wait for heat.  Lower prices for new energy sources, photovoltaics, and other silicon materials lead to losses and long-term sustained growth in decline.
Effectiveness: The global energy structural transformation trend has continued, and the demand for new energy photovoltaics has continued to grow, but the price of photovoltaic products has declined significantly in comparison to the previous year, as a result of the imbalance between supply and demand in the industry. In the first half of 2024, solid g12 and n photovoltaic technologies have taken a lead in sustaining and increasing mitigation efficiency.
Competitiveness. The company ' s photovoltaic monocrystal capacity is raised to 190gw, and its photovoltaic material products are exported about 62gw, an increase of 18.3 per cent compared to the previous year, with the silicon complex accounting for 23.5 per cent, ranking first in the industry; in the context of high depreciation in the N-type market, the company ' s photovoltaic material business leads by about $0.033/w on a full-cost basis.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the previous profit forecast, and the company is expected to pick up in 24-26 years, maintain a “buy-in” rating for the industry voice and light-blowing business that has a leading role in the world.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.