The configuration card restrictions were lifted and the demand for high-end products was released, while the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre ' s performance remained robust, with several lines of operation performing brightly.
This increase is due mainly to the steady growth in the company’s multiple lines of operations. The first three quarters of the year saw the lifting of the configuration card and the continuous release of high-end products for procurement requirements.
The top ct and 1.5t and above mr adjusted the management items, medical establishments were no longer subject to certification restrictions for the purchase of such equipment, companies were released from high-end ct and mr procurement requirements, the product share increased significantly, and a doubling of the company ' s high-end ct and mr products was expected in the previous three quarters.
There has also been an increase in volume, but it will take time for the first three quarters to have a flat-rate mi bidding cycle, the configuration certificate to be in place, and it is expected that the Mi line will be phased out in the future. In June, the number of major medical equipment configurations will be on the ground, and the new planning figures for Pet/cr and Pet/mr will be higher than expected, with a potential contribution of 23q4.
(+2.9 pp), mainly due to: 1) higher product structure, higher product end ratio; 2) higher service income compared to Piti, and rapid growth in overseas installation and service income. The financial cost of 23q3 is 18.4 per cent (-0.4 pp) in terms of cost; the cost of sales is 16.9 per cent (+2 pp) as a result of the increased frequency of overseas conference appearances following the epidemic;
(+3.6 pp) The company continues to add codes, mainly as a result of the company ' s continued investment in the development of new products for the next generation, to bring 1. Joint Shadow Medicine (688271): 23h1 performance in line with expectations and to lay a solid foundation for robust growth in the long term.
During this period, the share of overseas income has continued to rise, income has continued to grow at a high level, and long-term growth space has been determined that No. No. No. No. No.