In recent days, the company released its report for the first three quarters of 2023: the third quarter of 2023.
Of this amount, 2,161 million yuan was collected by companies in the third quarter of 2023, a year-on-year breakthrough continued, with the share of services continued to rise (1) by income type: in the first three quarters of 2023, revenues from corporate equipment products were the same
Both lines show varying degrees of growth; at the same time, there have been major changes in the structure of product lines, such as a continuous rise in the income share of medium- and high-end ct products, which have increased by more than 100 per cent; and 3.0t and the two-speed growth in the income-to-Māori ratio of upper mr products, which have increased by more than 100 per cent.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) has benefited from the improved structure of medium- and high-end products, with combined Māori rates in the first three quarters of 2023 compared to last year's Joint Film Medical Review (688271)
(2) By area of operation: in the first three quarters of 2023, companies achieved domestic market revenue Report: high-end surges in FFL products, $6,40 billion, an increase of 25.0 per cent over the same period, with steady growth; international market revenues were 10.3 per cent
Broken, equity incentives highlight the company's long-term development letter.
High-end equipment accelerates market coverage, and global influence increases.
Joint Film and Health Care (688271) Joint Film and Medical Point Assessments The market coverage of high-end and ultra-high-end products has continued to rise.
In terms of the value of new domestic market orders, companies ranked third in the number of cts; mr field made a continuous breakthrough -- 2022/11/02 third; mi ranked first; diagnostic xr products (including fixed dr, mobile dr, breast)
dr) ranking first; rt ranking third. Company ct number first by caliber of new domestic market orders; mr ranking third: mi ranking first: diagnostic xr products (including fixed dr, mobile dr, breast)
With respect to global markets, companies are also steadily increasing the development of marketing services in international markets, with a large number of products in the world’s top clinical institutions. At the same time, companies continue to deepen their industrial exchanges.
In September, he participated in the annual conference of the European Nuclear Medicine Association (eanm) and the Korean Radiation Academy (kcr2023), increasing the global reach of corporate brands. The higher-end income ratio of products and services led to an increase in corporate Māori aggregates.
We believe that this is mainly due to high-end products and higher Māori rates of service income, which rises. In terms of cost rates, the company’s sales rates, R&D rates, profit projections and investment ratings for the first three quarters of 2023: based on the company’s core business portfolio analysis, we expect
Risks of increased intensity, abuse of key core technologies or disclosure of technology secrets, risk of failure in research and development of new products.
High-end breakthroughs within and outside the country, significant increases in Māori rates, sustained high-end breakthroughs within and outside the country, significant increases in Māori rates.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.