Company review report  The pharmaceutical industry has grown robustly and globally.
The three-quarterly review of joint film medicine (688271.sh) achieved a net return to the mother of 127 million yuan, an increase of 1.23 per cent over the same period; the net gain to the non-return to the mother of 42 million yuan was achieved, and the same income was achieved mainly because of the longer construction cycle, the 145,000 additional configurations took time to land, and the overall
Market shipments have been delayed, and future circulation of mi will be released gradually; ct ranks third, mr ranks third, mi ranks first, diagnostic xr products (including fixed dr, mobile dr and breast dr) ranked first, rt ranks third, according to the volume caliber of new domestic market orders.
Overseas market revenues continued to rise, and global market products, services, and marketing systems were fully advanced. During the previous three quarters, companies achieved revenues in domestic and international markets of 6.4 billion (+25%) and 1.03 billion yuan, respectively, compared to 6.2%; the company participated in the European Annual Medical Conference in September, and the Korean Radiation Year, among other events, continued.
Enhancing academic exchange abroad and increasing corporate global influence; in global product layout, as of the third quarter of 2023, a total of 43 products were certified by the European Union (with 12 mdr) and 43 products certified by the United States of America (fda) to improve the global product layout; and in global marketing and service systems.
The company has established new regional companies in Singapore, Indonesia and Colombia, with more than 1,000 global service teams, 17 overseas service centres and 180 overseas engineer training.
The increase in the Māori rate has resulted in an increase in the three cost rates. The company ' s Māori rate for the first three quarters was 48.67%, an increase of 2.9 percentage points from the same period, mainly as a result of changes in the income structure, the high-end and ultra-high-end product income as a percentage of the industry ' s health, mainly due to the increase in the number of business people and the continued expansion of overseas markets.
Investment proposals: Solitaire medicine is the lead in the manufacture of home-grown medical imaging equipment, with a rich and comprehensive product line and advanced product performance. Substitution of domestic production, a vast overseas market, provides an incentive for companies to grow over the long term.
High-quality growth, robust overseas operations, internationalization operations and business cooperation under the business model of less-than-expected risk and distribution
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.