13 March 2018: Prior to the release of Shandong Gold's 2017 annual report, the company achieved operating income of $51,041 million, an increase of 1.68 per cent over the reporting period; and was placed in the public domain.
The net profit of the owner of the Shandong Gold Division (600547.sh) was 1,137 million yuan, a decrease of 12.02 per cent over the same period; the profit decline factor is not sustainable and future performance is still sustainable. During the reporting period, the company produced 35.88 tons of mineral gold, an increase of 19.71 per cent over the same period, ranking first in the country.
\triangleright \triangleright, mainly from the Belladro gold mine, where home-grown gold production was almost the same as in the previous year. However, in the context of growing production, corporate profits have slipped in the same way, mainly because of the company’s increased safe production management of some of the main mines, the security system changes that have led to lower production in the main mines, and domestic production.
Gold sales are not as much as expected; third is the acquisition of 50% of the value of the Belladro gold mine, resulting in higher financing costs. We believe that these factors do not have a long-term impact on corporate performance, and that the company plans to build its first tons-sized gold production base in the district of Shandong, and that future production will continue to rise, thus increasing the company’s performance in the provinces, increasing the level of intra-provincial acquisitions and pre-positioning its resources. Shandong Province is the country’s gold and gold-producing province, of which Gudong Peninsula alone has its gold resource reserves.
One-fourth of the country’s resources will be pre-positioned in this area. During the reporting period, the company stepped up its efforts to acquire in-departmental resources, successfully acquired two prospecting rights for the gold and gold-rich gold mines in the Upper Yang mining area, and acquired three prospecting rights for the gold group’s new city, the right to prospecting in Linglong, and the right to prospecting in Sinnan, for a total of 124.4 tons of additional gold resources.
Over the reporting period, the company achieved a combined net profit of about $200 million through its newly established fully-owned subsidiary, the Shandong Gold Mining (Hong Kong) limited \triangleright. This acquisition has contributed significantly to the company's increased gold reserves and production, and has greatly enhanced the company's overall position.
In a sense of risk, gold prices were cautiously optimistic. The global economy as a whole was recovering in 2017, with global stock markets emerging at a new height, and the underlying uncertainty behind this.
With the gradual digestion of the market’s expectations for US interest hikes, uncertainty and geopolitical tensions will boost the need for gold to escape, we maintain a cautious approach to gold prices, with Don Ying’s Research Assistant. Companies, as leading companies in the domestic gold industry, will benefit fully.
Cinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. Risk factors: production of mineral gold below expectations; risk of gold price fluctuations; increased production costs; disruption of production due to sudden events such as natural disasters, environmental protection, etc.
\triangleright, the front page of the company's financial data \
Don Ezekiel, Research Assistant for the Non-ferrous Metals Industry. M.A. in Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined the Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2016 for non-ferrous metals research.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.