The company is actively engaged in resource mergers and acquisitions, while increasing prospecting efforts. Shandong is the province of gold and gold-producing countries. In terms of resource reserves, the Guodong Peninsula gold mine has been concentrated for a quarter of the year.
The two mineral prospecting rights and the acquisition of three prospecting rights, namely, the New City prospecting rights of the Gold Group, the Linglong prospecting rights of the Golden Group, and the right of the Luang Nam prospecting rights, have further consolidated their position in the Kudong area.
At that time, the company made a substantial breakthrough in international M&As by working with the leading international gold company Baric Gold to purchase 50% of its share in Argentina's Belladro gold mine, which was handed over on 30 June 2017.
The company now owns the country’s 100 tons of accumulated gold, the “Jo family gold mine” and the “Linglong gold mine”, the country’s first digitized underground mine.
A gold mine; one of the most equipped and mechanized gold mines in the country; a new city gold mine, the only mining company in the country's environment-friendly enterprises; and a gold smelting company, the largest trade in mineral gold in the country. To date, the company is the only one in the country to own two.
For many years in a row, China's gold produces 10 big mines.
The internationalization strategy took a substantial step forward by successfully acquiring 50 per cent of the Belladro mine located in San Juan, Argentina, in 2017.
It is the largest gold mine in Argentina and the second largest gold mine in South America, and the largest offshore gold mine currently operated by the Chinese Gold Company.
The company’s mineral gold production has steadily increased and its profits have fallen slightly. In 2017, the company’s mineral gold production, Ying Ho, increased by $842 million, or 168 per cent, from the same year to a total profit of $1,629 million.
First, in 2017, the company launched a project entitled “Creating International First Class Mines” to further optimize the production and security systems of each of the main mines.
The annual implementation of a safe production system has affected a slight decline in production over the same period of the previous year. Second, the sale of home-grown funds by companies has declined compared to the previous year; third, the acquisition of 50 per cent of the shares in the Belladro gold mine has increased the size of the financing and the cost of financing has increased compared to the previous year.
In order to strengthen the company’s capacity to operate abroad and abroad, the company launched an application to Hong Kong on 19 January.
Demand leads to gold prices. In 2017, gold prices generally rose slowly. In the first half of the year, spurred by a number of positive factors, the largest increase was more than 10%; in the second half, with a sharp weakening of the dollar index, the supply of gold was stable, and the price of gold was largely influenced by demand.
As a result, future demand for gold in kind and investment will continue to rise, and central banks, represented by China and Russia, will continue to build up their gold reserves to counter the risks. Moreover, the current relatively relaxed global monetary gold, the increasingly complex international governance of the economy, and regional terrorism will boost gold demand to some extent.
Companies are actively developing high-quality resources and increasing the competitiveness of their domestic and external markets.