The owner of the closet is on the market, the fleet is anchored, the long-term competitiveness rating is higher than the industry average.
The company was founded in 1994 as a modern, integrated home-based service provider with the entire cabinet, the whole closet, the whole guard bath, and the modern wooden gate. In recent years, the volume of the company’s products has risen, with a combined increase of more than 20% in revenue.
The domestic furniture industry continues to grow steadily, and custom-made furniture will be an area of high growth in the future. The furniture industry returns to double-digit growth, exports are rising at a positive rate, and signs of reheating are evident. As a local post-natal cycle, the correlation between the furniture industry and real estate is gradually diminishing, and second-hand and renovation houses are replacing new ones.
Design and space use have significant advantages, along with a higher degree of penetration compared to Japan and South Korea. Together with home-wide customization of relevant survey data, we anticipate a rapid trend in the custom furniture industry in the coming years, where there is an overall build-up of closets, renovations, and urbanization.
At the demand side, the industry is largely inclusive of the five main types of market demand and can respond effectively to the negative effects of real estate regulation. From the industry pattern, the industry is growing steadily.
Now the country has six major wooden-gate industrial bases. The Pearl Triangle has the advantage of industrial clusters such as raw materials, ports, etc.
In the future, with the increased penetration of the custom closet industry, the custom wooden door, the rise of brand companies, the company is expected to maintain its leading position in all fields. Meanwhile, in 2016, the company will continue to have its leading role.
With the introduction of a sub-brand for youth consumer groups, a two-brand pyramid model will be created, and the flow of inter-brand client guidance will become more visible, with great potential for future growth, and will become a new growth pole for companies. To the company’s ipo market, it will expand the overall capacity of the closet, while the company will continue to improve “everyone lives” production.
The new performance growth is taking shape. We give it to the company Yuan Yibo Chustya.
The risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials, the first-ever "buy-in" rating for ipo build-ups and below expectations. The company is a modern whole-house integrated service provider with the entire cabinet at its core, extending its business to the whole closet, the whole bathroom, and custom wooden doors.
They think that the company is doing its job in a comprehensive manner, so its valuation should be based on a combination of home-based industrial chains, especially custom-based firms. We've chosen Sofia, Ai Zhen, and Jiangsan annual projections of 40/30/20 times the average. We predict that the company will be completely flattened from 2017 to 2019.
Yes, and at the same time, the company has continued to improve its “all-person” industry, and has promoted wooden door and sub-brand business, and new performance growth is taking shape. We gave the company 45 times Pe in 2017, corresponding to the target.
Company Development: The Europa Homes Group was founded in 1994 and is under the umbrella of the entire cabinet, with the Yao brothers holding 78.26% of the company's shares.
The ship, the whole closet, the whole bath and the modern wooden door, where the chairman of the board, Mr. Yao Liang-song, holds the company, etc., serve the modern whole house integration of the ship.
In 2013, the company was changed to a Public Department of Shares. In 2014, the company started a fight.
The management profile: Mr. Yao Liangsong, born
In 1964, he was Chairman of Ovie, Guangzhou, Chairman of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, ipo Sea Medical, Chairman of the Europa cabinet, and so on.
On the market, the number of shares issued was 41.51 million, with the current president of the company, the Director of the European Guards, and as the Political Coordinator of White Cloud District in Guangzhou City.
41,509.11 million shares. The company has a vice-presidentship through the Public Distribution Unit. Mr. Yao Liangsong has received a sum of $1,991 million from Guangzhou, mainly for overall clothing.
The city's excellent builders of socialist industries, cabinets, increased wood production and information upgrading, and the country's excellent individuals in employment start-ups.
Figure 2: Euro-Home Income Discreet 2016 Figure 3: Euro-Home Business Profit Discrete 2016
♪ The whole kitchen cabinet, the whole closet, the whole bath ♪
Figure 4: The Europa Home Development Process
The cabinet, lifts up the European group, limited in size, the grandkids.
The domestic kitchen revolution has driven income growth and profit growth. From 2011 to 2016, the company’s entire core cabinet and the end price of the overall closet fell by 1.85 pct. and 2.25 pct. respectively.
In 2016, the company achieved a net profit of 949 million yuan, an increase of 94.39%. The whole closet business grew rapidly, and it was another profitable growth point for the company.
From 2011 to 2016, the company ' s container and closet operations increased by 17.75 per cent and 17.75 per cent, respectively.
Māori rates and net interest rates continue to rise, and overall profitability still has room for improvement. As a result of corporate strategy, companies continue to give way to profit dealers, while increasing costs due to growing size.
Māori rates and net interest rates are at a significantly lower level than their counterparts. Between 2011 and 2016, the significant increase in corporate Māori rates was largely due to higher stocks of raw materials at the end of 2015, which allowed companies to mitigate to some extent the impact of last year’s price increases.
A step-by-step improvement, with more than 90% of the company's board utilization, has resulted in a reduction in the unit cost of cabinets and closets by 10.66 pct. and 7.26 pct, respectively, to promote efficient profitability. After successful listing, the company proposes to invest $3,132.08 million in the IT upgrade project.
The management capacity will be further strengthened upstream and downstream, efficiency in terms of internal production and operations will be significantly enhanced, and overall profitability is expected to increase to a higher level in the industry.
The domestic furniture industry continues to grow steadily, custom-made furniture will be an area of high future growth for the industry, and the furniture industry as a whole will be stable. Low concentration, low post-cyclical effect, and the furniture industry's warming. In March 2017, the domestic furniture industry achieved a cumulative operating income.
In fact, the cumulative rate of growth in the furniture industry has been slowly growing since the end of last year, with the industry showing signs of warming. The first two months of this year, ahead of the spring and spring of the year, have seen an increase.
In the short term, there is still a significant increase in the accumulated growth in industry revenues, and it can be confirmed that the industry has improved. On the other hand, the cumulative export of furniture in the first two months of this year amounted to $7.02 billion, with a cumulative decrease of 7.1%, and a decline of 15.1 pct. compared to the same period in 2016.
The effect of the post-natal cycle continues to be weak. Furniture, as a downstream industry in the real estate industry, has a strong connection with the sale of commercial goods.
A correlation analysis of the growth rate and the growth rate of residential goods. On the graph, the sale of furniture lags behind the sale of real estate for approximately 8-12 months. But, unlike large fluctuations in the sale rate of residential goods, the furniture industry has a significantly smaller amplitude and has gradually recovered after 2015, with an overall upward trend.
Second-hand houses + renovating houses instead of new ones are the main source of demand for furniture products. In terms of the consumption structure of furniture products, the overall renovation of old houses and the partial renovation of old houses have become important areas of domestic furniture consumption.
Sixty percent of them need to be reloaded. From the point of time, the development of real estate gold, which began in the late 1990s, has accumulated a large stock of property, and in recent years the demand for the market for the renovation of old houses has begun to grow. As the stock has grown, the demand for furniture for the renovation of old houses has exceeded the demand for furniture.
New housing, with a widening gap, is particularly evident in the first and second-line cities. In Beijing, for example, in 2016, the second-hand house was sold to 28,096 million square metres, an increase of 38.86 per cent, compared to 9.34 million square metres in the same period, an increase of -6.38 per cent, even if it is true.
Only part of the second-hand room needs to be re-hatted, and the demand for furniture has exceeded the demand for the new house. Custom furniture is the child industry with the most certainty of growth in the furniture industry. Custom furniture has advantages in design, manufacturing and environmental protection. Custom furniture is based on consumer space.
Customized furniture products are tailored, individually designed, standardized and scaled-up in terms of individualized demand features such as layout, style style, and environmental health. Compared to traditional furniture, custom furniture is designed at the front end with the participation of consumers and designers, thereby maximizing consumption.
At the end of the manufacture, custom furniture is produced in a standardized and flexible manner, with a significantly shorter manufacturing schedule than the non-standard production of traditional furniture. On the other hand, comparing hand-made household tools, custom-made furniture raw materials with eo or e1 class, product formaldehyde emissions are low and environmentally friendly.
In contrast to Japan and Korea, custom-made furniture has a low penetration rate and a fragmented industry. According to our consumption habits, finished and hand-made furniture is the main category of traditional furniture consumption. Thus, custom-made furniture has a lower penetration rate at the time of entry into the market.
The market for custom furniture has grown rapidly in recent years. At present, we have 20-30% penetration in the custom furniture industry and 60-70% penetration in countries like Japan and Korea that are relevant to our urban development.
In South Korea, the furniture giant Hanson has 15.8 per cent market and more than 3 per cent of other furniture firms, such as acebed and modern Livat, while none of the country ' s firms currently have a 1 per cent market and a very fragmented industry.
All four companies are now listed. According to the ipo and project, in addition to the conventional expansion of production capacity, it is possible to increase production capacity.
Soft production and informatization have improved efficiency in the design, production, and operation of enterprises, and have been able to enhance the profitability of enterprises on a full scale. At the same time, front-line firms have been able to encrypt and sink continuously and steadily move forward.
The strategy is to keep business end-to-end sales high. For small and medium-sized enterprises, the gap with front-line branding firms is widening as a result of their own financial and financing constraints and their inability to move rapidly towards upgrading marketing and manufacturing, among other things.
In the context of rising, rising consumption, accelerating the phase-out of vulnerable enterprises through supply-side reforms and tightening environmental policies, the concentration of the entire industry will continue to rise, and competition in the industry will continue to be strong – in 2016, the furniture industry will earn $855.950 million in operating income, increasing year-on-year.
The share of custom-made furniture in the furniture industry is currently around 20-30%, according to information disclosed by the Multi-Paymarked Public Department in the non-public distribution of offers. We use conservative estimates of 20% penetration in the custom-made furniture industry in 2016 (based on this).
In the custom furniture industry, cr 4 is about 7.7%, assuming that two annual home-wide customization surveys will be maintained for the next few years. The data show that in 2015 the overall closet market in the country was about 100 billion and the overall closet was about 50 billion.
In the meantime, cabinets are usually limited to kitchens and parts of living room space, so the overall closets are relatively more spaced and billed. In our view, the whole closet market will grow significantly faster in the future than the overall closet. We expect the overall closets to grow in the coming years.
In terms of the age structure of furniture, the 25-35 age group is the absolute dominant factor in the consumption of furniture. This corresponds to the time of the consumer’s birth.
At this stage, the main consumer group in the country is the 80- and 90-year-old population. This part of consumer furniture consumption demand has been transformed into a holistic, coordinated, environmentally friendly and individualistic quest.
Customized furniture can be tailored to the circumstances of the client’s home, make full use of indoor space, and can be harmonized with the family’s decorative style to increase the overallness and artistic sense of household decorations. At the same time, custom-made furniture can also involve consumers in the design process and meet the unique characteristics of different consumers.
Personalized design, 100% space utilization, aesthetic fashion, environmental protection, and standard production are important drivers of industry development. The “upholstered house” increases the demand for furniture vertically, and marriage + urbanization expands potential markets horizontally.
On 21 February 2016, the State Council issued a “Specific Opinions of the Central State Council of the Communist Party of China on the Further Strengthening of the Management of Urban Planning and Construction” which set out the objectives of the country's construction industry development during the 13th Five-Year Plan.
In our view, “refurbished houses” are more standardized, their decorative style is relatively uniform, they are well integrated and coordinated, but they are not sufficiently personalized. As a result, home-based products become an important tool for homeowners to highlight their personality and quality, and they have a very strong design and character.
Personalized custom furniture will be very popular with consumers. As a result, we see that, guided by a policy of “upholstery”, the market demand in the furniture industry will deepen vertically, and will also support better penetration and occupancy rates for custom-made households.
After that, a letter of guarantee was issued by a local enterprise for the development of a second or more qualified real estate with a project in progress (clarifying that the liquidation of the business occurred in the event of bankruptcy, dissolution, etc.)