Europa Home (603833.sh) for the first time in a public exchange between management.
Matters: The company organized its first investor exchange on 24 May, attended by management: Chairman Yao Liang Song, Vice-President Tan Chin-hsing, Director-General Wang, Secretary-General of the Financial Center, and Senior Residential Integration Solutions Providers. The company was established in 1994 to complete the project.
(a) The start-up of the cabinet business and the completion of multi-point layouts in the overall closet/rear cabinet/custody wooden doors/custody baths, etc., with a total of more than 4,700 shops, a net profit of $7134 million in 2016, or about 415 per cent in the custom cabinets/resorts master market;
By the end of the year, the company had developed a cabinet pass. By the end of the year, the company had developed a cabinet pass.
1,488 dealers, 2,088 special stores, for a total of 460,000 cabinets and $4,369 million in sale proceeds in 2016.
In 2016, the company had 1,211 distributors in the overall closet business, 1394 shops, which generated sales revenues of $20.22 billion, or 43 per cent, of cagr, second only to Sofia in the area of custom closets, and the second highest market.
A lot of layouts advance the strategy. The "Opery" brand, which robs the beach for young consumers, currently has more than 800 shops, with sales of $200 million in 2016, expanding rapidly. It is expected that 300 more will be added in 2017. The dynamic layout customizes the carpentry.
Yes, to create a new O'Phone. The company customizes the wooden gate, O'Phone, for a total of 556 dealers, and sells 135,000 wooden gates during the period.
Equity incentives protect companies from rapid growth. The company issues draft equity incentives, which determine the choice of both efficient production and fine management.
First, Chairman Yao Liang Song, the reasons for the development of the Eurasia to date:
The development of the Europeans is not a one-off step, but rather a step-by-step build-up over more than two decades, which, despite small fluctuations, has remained at about 30% per year, and now has achieved the highest overall market value of the Central Europeans. The achievements of the Europeans are the result of the Europeans’ core competitiveness, which is rooted in the European genes, the genes are the reason, the core competition.
European genes include: (1) fair and bright rules of the game: In 1997, the Europeans defined the value of the business, setting out the rules of the business - “fair”, “light.” The term “fair” refers to treatment.
The principle of equity is observed by the Chairman himself and other executives, as well as by their relatives: “The light” refers to “interests in the sun, honest communication” (2) — the talent team. (3) Incentive mechanisms (environment): Under a fair and bright play system, a detailed and robust staff assessment system has been established.
Europe’s core competitiveness includes: (a) rich industry experience: nearly 90% of large unspeculated Euros’ orders are zero, only 10% of their uniforms, and Europeans provide personalized uniforms for these huge zero customers.
Design and non-standardized installation, in more than 1,000 cities and cities across the country, in more than a dozen countries abroad. (2) Strong terminals (business models). After years of accumulation, the Europeans have built a huge terminal system. (3) strong branding influence. (4) Information systems have an advantage.
There is room for continued optimization, and it still takes time. 2, The future direction of the Europeans.
“Opery” means “end optimization.” Informationization: informatization is a trend towards human entry into the information society. Informatization is not only about the use of the Internet, but also about process building from marketing, design, production, management, decision-making, etc.
In this area, everyone lives in the industrial market, in a strategy based on consumer demand, in combination with the development of the Europeans themselves. The Europeans use information technology to make use of online interaction, online experience, online presentation of reality, under-line customization, integrated design, one-stop selection, package of services.
Combining: (1) informatization and crowd strategy have their own strengths and weaknesses, and the greatest advantage of informatization is that they have a great potential for development, but there is a high level of forward investment (so-called “burn money”): the advantage is integration, integration services.
The development cost denominator, which addresses the problem of information-based burning money; informationization, once it solves the constraints of burning money, can be a better way to improve the flow and success rate of people living in the household, thereby addressing the investment risks of each and every one of them; and informationization, coupled with swords, can enhance the advantages of customization, consistent with industry trends.
Ophori: Towards the end of 2016, it's a new business, opening up new areas. Opulie's position within the group has recently been a new growth engine for the Europeans, a potential strategic reserve in the medium to long term.
In terms of the need for integration of residential and secondary brands, further construction of the powerful endpoints has always been an alternative to the European development strategy. While Europe has now established a powerful end channel, continuous upgrading and optimization is needed in the age of informatics.
The project for the development of the elite and the marketing of the end-of-care programme at Euro-based headquarters have been implemented for two or three years, but it has continued to evolve.
On a regional scale, last year has been implemented in 20 or 30 cities, and this year's plan can be implemented in 60 or 70 cities, and has now been extended to more than 40 cities; in terms of income, there is a strong stocking capacity in cabinets and closets, such as Guangzhou, which grew by nearly 50 per cent in the first five months of this year, and Meizhou, which has grown from more than 10 million in previous years.
We can reach 78 million. In the face of the problem, we have to stay firm, build on the already expanding cities, and temporarily slow down the expansion of new cities. We believe that, while there are some small problems, as we move forward, we are very much looking forward to it, especially as we move forward in the area of information.
q: Where could the Europeans have a competitive advantage when they go to the market?a: the Europeans have been in a competitive position in the industry before they went to the market, and the Europeans have done well with the listed companies when they went to the market.
There are advantages in industrial integration.o: Have the equity incentive plans been made in the short time that they were listed, because there is sufficient confidence in subsequent developments?a: The Europeans have actually given equity incentives to more than 100 top executives before they were listed, which is the same as the “public” of the Europeans.
The convergence of the concepts of Parity and Light is a reflection of the European concept of “work together and share together.” o: is it a good model for the long term?a: certainly, the similarities are inevitable, but the Europeans have their own characteristics.
The pies are productive, the closets and closets are in their own hands, and the Europeans will insist on their own advantages. o: Local small factories have a strong edge in the region, how do you see the changes in concentration in the industry, and why does the Europeans take their share of the market from these small factories?
A: Twenty years ago, we decided that the cabinet would end up with three or four national brands, and that a large number of undercompetitive small factories would eventually be eliminated from the market. This is not the case with the cabinet or household sector, but with the same pattern that many industries share, and that uncompetitive firms would eventually be eliminated.
o: How to look at electricity suppliers? For example, Hansen in Korea, who has similar development to that of the Europeans, has made a leap by using electricity suppliers: domestic dealers have also been at the forefront of electricity suppliers.a: Euros have been doing well over the years, with more than 100 per cent growth last year, and this year's growth is projected.
There's still a lot of potential in the electricity sector, and now it's going to focus on promoting the city in which everyone lives, taking into account the high unit prices. It's also important to note that the model of the electricity provider is also changing rapidly, and the line below the line is not very clear from current consumer habits, and then the Europeans are going to be more focused.
Second, the Vice President (manager of production and manufacturing) Tan Chinjing 1, Strategy: One central objective, two support systems
Europe’s manufacturing strategy can be summarized as “one central goal, two supporting systems”, the so-called central goal being “all live”; two supporting systems, i.e., information systems and base services. (1) Everyone’s side: in order to complement the strategy, Europe integrates research and development design and production.
Designers have been invited to work with seven or eight design studios, and they have their own design centres. The expansion of many generations of works has led to the formation of a set of programs adapted to China’s needs. (2). Core combat power: a process-wide information system for the industry’s 4.0-years.
It's a huge push. Ten years ago, the Europeans began to lay out the information architecture, with production at their core and demand at their earliest stages, dealing mainly with large-scale manufacturing at the end of production; now, in the era of digital networking, the “access layer - operational management - decision-making level” was created.
Full-scale information systems, resulting in comprehensive optimization of marketing systems, manufacturing systems, and management systems. Different software systems have different functional features that address the needs of different scenarios, such as design end, plant end, and production end.
Through the use of information systems and improved management efficiency, the Europeans are able to achieve real inventory-free production, strong software systems, all materials and semi-finished products at a set pace, with controls on each production chain and process, with controls on the parameters of the start-up, production, and logistics shipments.
(iii) Hard power: base-based (all-house) service systems. The early plant in Guangzhou supplied the country with a factory in Tianjin six years ago, creating two major production bases in North and South. Now, the tin-free production base has been operational, construction on Chengduma has begun, and the four main bases have been set up.
The four main bases currently cover the full range of clients, and the bases organize orders according to the needs of their clients. o: How do you build a household database? Will subsequent reliance on designers decrease?a: As soon as the database is created through their own client information, thousands of users in Europe are recorded every day.
Second, to import out-of-the-books (there are tens of millions of data available at home) and keep up to date the floors and house types of messages. The impact of the creation of the database on designers should be seen in a dialectic way, on the one hand, the optimization of the design software and the adequacy of the database, on the other hand, the use of the database does lower the designer's threshold, but on the other hand, the whole.
q: The cabinets are custom-made and, with respect to soft manufacturing of non-species, how is the current manufacturing process optimized, and what about other efficiency improvements, such as panels?
a: Integration has been achieved from design to manufacturing. The cabinet is standard, the production of standard and non-platform panels is done, and the standard panels are used for more than 90% of the use. Once the order design drawings are broken down, the computer automatically generates the order labels and then simultaneously produces maximum productivity through multiple order panels.
There are too many types of closets and colours, there are no standard panels, all closet plates are produced in time for the Euro parties, there is no standard board concept, and there is a 90% or more utilization rate for the closet panels. The different colour plates are used differently, the more orders are used, the more they are used, the more they are used; and the more they are used, the more they are being raised.
There was also a balance before the high utilization rate and the follow-up operation, with the higher the number of orders produced together, the higher the optimization rate, but the higher the cost of classifying subsequent orders.o: The company’s profit level is slightly lower than that of the same industry?
(a) Linked to the company’s distributor policy. Companies always offer concessions to distributors, reduce their Maori interest in distributors, promote market incentives for distributors, facilitate the creation of virtuous mutual assistance and marketing networks with distributors, and thus contribute to the growth of sales revenues. The company’s distributor policy is based on the “tree theory” — thousands of agents are roots.
With marketing networks, branding, scale effects, and procurement cost controls, the Māori rate of corporate sales has been rising steadily, and the overall Māori gap with other companies has narrowed. o: Why did the Māori rate decline in the first quarter of 2017?
a: Europa splits in the first quarter of 2017: cabinets increased by 14.6 per cent, closets by 42 per cent, gross revenue increased by 31 per cent in the first quarter of the year, a decrease of 3.17 percentage points in the same quarter, the decline in the rate was due to a slight increase in the cost of raw materials, the level of salaries and staff growth, but with the growth of operations, it was believed that the rate would return to normal water.
q: Net profits grew by 94% in 2016, higher than the same industry during the same period, and higher than the company ' s average of 31.55% in the previous three years. The increase in the Māori rate was the result of an advantage of scale and product improvement, with one company using cost plus pricing, flexible adjustments based on raw material prices, market sales and market competition, guaranteeing the interests of distributors.
It also ensures a firm ' s long-term profitability; (2) the company ' s production costs and management costs have also been reduced and material utilization has been increased, with a combination of over 90 per cent utilization; and the company has kept the cost of raw materials well under control through tender procurement, centralized bulk procurement and rationalization of the procurement cycle.
In addition, in terms of the composition of the operating income, the main source of income is more than 98 per cent, and the main source of profits for the company is the cabinets, the closets and the closets, which are the two main reasons for the change in the combined profits, with the cost of raw materials falling by 12 per cent in the closets and an increase of 6.7 per cent in the overall closets in 2016; the consumption of the closets fell by 7.3 per cent and the increase in the Māori was 4.8 per cent, the same as the increase in the profit margin level.
At the same time, with the company ' s operating income rising by 27.23 per cent in 2016, the company ' s profits have increased considerably over 16 years.o: the difference between the level of Maori in cabinets and closets?a: the level of Māori in cabinets and closets is similar, slightly higher, according to last year ' s data.
The main reason is that the size of the closet is more effective, and the advantages of fixed-cost amortization and purchase-cost bargaining are more pronounced. o: How is the oem business?
a: Electricals now account for about 20% of total revenue. There is no mandatory requirement for appliance, but the high appliance rate will be adjusted in the settlement system, and the appliance rate is now around 30%.
o: Progress on related fund-raising projects? a: preipo has focused on production lines, 80% of investment funds have considered the creation of a closet, closet, wooden door production line, and has started self-financing in the absence of funds, and several projects have now been completed
If a company succeeds in raising funds, it will replace 1 billion dollars of its own funds, which will reduce costs and increase the financial initiative for non-involvement projects. o: The impact of the fund-raising projects on the production base?
a: Four to five production bases have been built in the country, and four production bases have been built in Guangzhou, Tianjin, Tin-free, Chengdu. The 10,000 closet production line project will be transferred to Guangxi.
Short. Base-based production will significantly reduce the management costs of the company.q: Speed of construction?a: The speed of construction of the company, which was largely achieved when it started work, when it started work, and when it came to production, it was the result of the fund-raising project.
In addition, the country ' s macro-regulation of real estate may have negative effects on industry and company business processes.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board