Customized furniture flagship, focusing on the development of O'Hara and house-wide customization. In-depth report on home occupation (603833) In-depth study/light manufacturing
At the same time, companies are actively using capital as a tool for corporate development. The Equity Incentives Program, launched in May this year, will be implemented.
The development of a strong link between the core interests and the company has helped to stimulate the enthusiasm of the workforce; the 2013 Red Star America, a company called the Keilong Company, has been able to build a network of companies through strategic equity contacts. The custom-based household industry is developing fast lanes, with brand leaders taking advantage of the wind.
The demand for custom-made homes is high, while the demand for furniture continues to grow, driven by factors such as the sale of commodity houses and urbanization, while the need for the functionality, beauty and personalization of furniture has resulted in a growing number of consumers choosing custom-made furniture and increasing penetration rates, according to the China Cooking Security Market and Consumer Behaviour Study (2016).
The survey showed that 69% of consumers would choose custom products, and that the market share is expected to increase at a significantly faster rate than the industry and the furniture industry.
The average rate of revenue from the main furniture manufacturing business in 2014-2016 was about 10%, compared to the average rate of revenue from the same period for eight custom-made firms The average rate of revenue from custom-made furniture companies increased between 26% and 32%, and the size of custom-made furniture flagships expanded significantly faster than in the home-based manufacturing industry.
The net gain on finished furniture ranged from 15 to 19% for the parent, with custom furniture firms moving up to 64% in 2016, and custom furniture brands grew significantly faster than traditional finished furniture brands. “Eurasian” and “Opery” dual-nuclear drive, with brand dividends released leading to high-speed multi-product growth.
In Europe, the market is dominated, market attention, advertising, etc., and the market influence continues to rise. The whole kitchen has a “lace” effect, and there are fast-growing products, such as hand-cooked closets, wooden doors, and sanitary baths.
41% of the cost group, 42% of the client ' s single value (excluding cooking power), Oleg ' s target, consumption of young, middle-end consumers, coupled with branding, has increased significantly in terms of effective coverage of the market population. Quality expansion has removed bottlenecks, and cost controls have performed well.
In 2016, the production capacity of the company as a whole, as well as the overall closet and custom wooden doors, was 500,000/years, 730,000/years and 150,000/years, respectively, with the full delivery of the new production lines built in Guangzhou, Tianjin and Tin-free, and further improvements in the company ' s country-wide production and distribution of capacity are expected to increase significantly.
Corporate production efficiency has been improving and unit costs have been declining. Since 2014, the production cycle of cabinets and closets has been reduced by 1-2 days, while the cost of raw materials, manpower, manufacturing, etc. has continued to decline, with the cost of cabinets and closets falling by 20 per cent, 18 per cent, labour costs by 5 per cent, 9 per cent and manufacturing costs by 9 per cent, respectively.
• The advantages of the channels are prominent, with marketing networks spread across the globe: (1) distribution: both quantity and quality, number of dealers in the first trade, kitchens/cloths in the first trade, sales of up to $1.55 million, well above the industry average. (2) straight-line: positioning as extension company brands.
Only 19 direct shops have been set up in and around Guangzhou, with single shops earning $12.5 million in 2016, leading the industry. (3) Major: Focusing on a large number of major user operations, mainly in large-scale real estate projects, with an overall kitchen and a whole closet, and increasing brand ownership of the refined market. (4) Exports: the head of the business.
A large area of overseas markets, selling both modes of export through large foreign sales and on-the-shelf sales. • Profit predictions and investment proposals.
The development of his locker may be the driving force behind the rise in the value of the guest list, as well as the firm’s home-wide customization and the new brand of O’Hara, whose raw material prices fluctuate widely; its channels are not expanding as expected; and its capacity is not expanding as expected.
Founded in 1994, the Europa family was primarily involved in the overall kitchen design, research and development, production, marketing and installation services, and has gradually expanded to the whole closet, the whole guard bath, and custom wooden doors, and has now become a leader in the custom industry. The company actually controls Yao Liangxong, which holds 69.38% of the company’s shares directly, has a higher concentration and has a clear equity structure.
The Tianjin-Eurasian, Sioul-Eurasian, Chin-Eurasian and Chengdu-Eurasian are mainly responsible for the production and operation of products such as the whole kitchen cabinet and the whole closet. The Europeans are responsible for the production and sale of the entire closet, the processing and sale of stones by the main heads of Ovi in Guangzhou. The European cooks are responsible for the production of products related to the commercial kitchens. The Europeans are mainly responsible for the sale of the entire kitchen and the entire closet.
In Hong Kong, where creative homes are mainly designed for whole-house products, the Europeans are mainly for the export of whole-house products, the Phoenicians are mainly for research and development, design, brand management and international trade in whole-house products, the Opermen industry, the Omega bath, and the Europa walls are responsible for customizing wooden doors, the whole-house bath, and the production of wall decorations.
(i) Four broad categories of goods with high performance growth benefit from a strong demand in the customized home-based sector, with companies leading the industry with sustained high performance growth. In 2011-2016, the Department ' s combined revenues increased by 26.30 per cent, benefiting from brand advantages, the emergence of scale effects and improved management capacity, and companies
The whole kitchen business has grown steadily, and the whole closet, the whole bath, and custom wooden doors have been rising. The company has been running the whole closet business since 2005, and the brand dividend has released the whole closet into a fast, long-term, and income has grown rapidly.
With the advantage of size, the company’s profitability has increased significantly in recent years. Under the cost-adding model, the company fixes sales prices in a timely manner, depending on market conditions, safeguarding the interests of distributors and the profitability of the company; and the cost controls, energy efficiency and efficiency of the various lines of operation.
Changes have been made to the production process to increase the use of all types of materials, optimize the production management process to improve production efficiency, and control the cost of raw materials procurement by means of bidding, centralized procurement, and rationalization of the cycle. The company ' s combined Māori ratio has increased significantly since 2014 by 8.32 pct, with overall kitchen cabinets, overall closets, overall baths, custom wooden doors Māori rates increasing by 9.17 pct, 8.12 pct, respectively
(ii) Active use of a variety of capital instruments to help companies sustain their development The company launched the Equity Incentives Scheme in early May, which provides a wide range of incentives. The Incentives Scheme is intended to grant a total of 58,612.92 million benefits, representing about 1.41 per cent of the total equity of the company of 41,509.11 million at the time the Incentives Scheme was signed.
The incentive package covers 30% and 69% of the company’s employees at the time of the company’s announcement of the incentive plan. The incentive scheme covers a large number of people, linking core and core interests closely to the company’s development, and helps to stimulate the work of senior employees and expects the company to operate well in the long term.
In 2013, Red Star Keilong, a subsidiary of the Red Star Keilong Holdings, built up its investment portfolio, with 4.49% of its total equity. Red Star Keilong, a leading company in my country’s construction of materials market, formed investment partnerships through strategic holdings, on the one hand, and Red Star, on the other.
Merkelon can share the dividends of corporate growth, while company distributors and direct stores can enjoy high-quality booths at Red Star's Kellon mall, helping to build corporate channels. Secondly, the custom-based household industry is developing fast-tracks, with brand leaders taking the lead.
There has been a steady rise in domestic demand for clothing and steady growth in the furniture industry. The rapid growth of the real estate market and per capita income have continued to rise, the construction materials market has continued, the furniture industry has been growing steadily every year, and the demand for furniture has continued to grow over the five-year period 2011-2016 (i) the sale of commodity houses, urbanization, etc.
The purchase of furniture generally lags behind the sale of merchandise houses for about a year, and there is now a steady increase in the area sold to commercial houses throughout the country: taking into account the rising rate of new construction of dwellings from 2015 to the present, the rapid pace of urbanization has increased the demand for furniture. The rate of national urbanization (the proportion of the urban population in the total population) has increased further.
In 2010, 49.95% increased to 57.35% in 2016, an average annual increase of 1.23 percentage points. There is still much room for improvement in the rate of urbanization compared to about 80% in developed industrial countries. The State Council ' s New Urbanization Plan (2014-2020) also proposes to achieve a rate of urbanization of the resident population of around 60% by 2020, with about 100 million farmers.
According to the National Statistics Office, the urban population in 2016 stood at 792.98 million, or 2.9 per cent, and the urban household was approximately 273 million, assuming that furniture was replaced every 10 years, approximately nearly every year.
Ten thousand, according to the 10-year furniture renewal cycle, there are about 8.4 million homes with new requirements each year. Driven by the need to upgrade the stock, the market for furniture can still be expected to grow at a higher rate over the next decade.
The cost of purchasing the furniture for each house is conservatively assumed to be about $15,000, generating at least $100 billion in market demand. (ii) The demand for customized homes is high and the penetration rate is expected to increase.
Customized furniture, based on personal design, high space utilization, environmental protection, etc., meets consumer-differentiated needs, addresses consumer pain points, becoming the preferred option for a growing number of consumers to buy furniture, and the penetration rate of custom-made furniture is expected to increase steadily.The number of small commodity houses below square metres increased from 46833 in 2011 to 94811 in 2016, an increase of 102 per cent.
In Shanghai, the number of small merchandise houses below 90 square metres increased from 67,599 in 2012 to 100,792 in 2016, an increase of 49 per cent; the share of small households in real estate development investments has also increased, from 16 to 36 per cent over the past decade. Housing space restrictions have led to increasing consumer demand for space utilization, prompting custom-made furniture.
Consumer groups are getting younger, and the idea of customizing consumption is gaining ground. In the context of increased consumer purchasing power, the demand for personalization, environmentalism, aesthetics, coordinated matching, etc. of the living environment is increasing, and as the majority of consumers of domestic products now live in 80, 90, young consumers are no longer confined to traditional finished households.
Consumers, especially young consumers, are very favoured by custom-made home-made designs, which, according to the Chinese Food Security Market and Consumer Behaviour Study (2016), have a preference for furniture consumption.
In a major shift, finished furniture was no longer the main choice for consumers, custom-made products were widely accepted, and surveys showed that 69 per cent of the population would choose home-wide or local customization. (iii) The brand leader was clearly growing faster than the industry, and the market share was expected to increase.
The custom furniture industry has grown in size over the past two decades, and the industry has continued to grow rapidly into the long term. Intra-industry firm size effects have become apparent, profitability is increasing, and market shares are increasing.
The average growth rate of revenue from major battalion operations was 11 per cent, 9 per cent and 9 per cent, respectively, in 2014, 2015 and 2016 for eight custom furniture enterprises. The growth of custom furniture brands was significantly faster than in traditional finished furniture brands. In 2014, 2015 and 2016, the average rate of revenue from furniture listed companies was 9 per cent, 8 per cent, and 25 per cent, respectively, compared with the average increase in eight custom furniture businesses during the same period.
The rate was 27%, 26%, 32% respectively; the rate of net profit on finished furniture was maintained at 15% to 19%, the rate of profit on custom furniture went up as a whole, up 64% on the same year as in 2016, and the amount of data on customized businesses such as handouts, Piano, Chibang kitchen cabinets, my homerooms, gold kitchen cabinets, etc. was calculated.
The dual-nuclear drive of the “Europeans” and “Opery”, with branding dividends leading to high-speed multi-goods development, (i) high market interest, and a sustained increase in the impact of high-profile advertising campaigns on the market
For more than 20 years, Europe’s whole kitchen industry has grown deep, with colored designs, high quality, excellent services favored by consumers, and a higher market rate. Market interest has helped potential customers to become users.
A wide range of indicators, such as online advertising coverage, are industry-first, with market interest significantly higher than that of other companies within the industry. Advertisement leads the industry, helping companies build long-term branding.
(ii) The "European" brand dividend was released, leading to a high-speed multi-grade development of the company's entire kitchen cabinet, which, after more than two decades of market promotion, has built a good brand reputation and user reputation. The company, relying on the strong branding of the kitchen cabinet and its “single effect”, released the brand dividend - the overall closet, the O'Phenimmon and the whole.
In the 1990’s, the company took the lead in introducing the whole kitchen concept into China. After 23 years of intensive farming, the company’s sales volume and the size of its distributors were significantly ahead of other national brands.
In 2016, the company sold a total of 4572,000 kitchen cabinets, resulting in sales revenue of $4,369 million; it had 1,488 kitchens (with a combination of kitchen clothes) and 2,088 special stores; it used the overall kitchen “lace” effect to help other categories to develop rapidly.
At the front end of the process, the goods such as wooden doors, guard baths, closets, etc. are located at the back end of the process, thus producing a “single effect” of the cooker's product. The company uses the advantages established in the kitchen area to cut into the whole house custom market through kitchen cabinets, leading to high-speed developments in the products such as closets, wooden doors, guard baths, etc.
In 2014, 2015, 2016, the sales of the company ' s entire closet grew by 34 per cent, 35 per cent, 51 per cent on the same basis.
The company’s overall bathing operations began earlier, with a smoother upturn in the previous two years, with a significant increase in income and a promising future;
The construction of basic systems in the areas of research and development, manufacturing, marketing and product operations, among others, invested 20 million yuan in the establishment of China ' s first custom wooden-door research and development centre, the development of 556 independent distributors in O ' Ponyimmon by the end of 2016, and the rapid development of custom-based wooden-door operations.
(iii) Two brands cover multiple consumption groups, with a wider audience, and according to Chinese cabinet industry white paper statistics for 2016 from the Chinese cabinet network, 35% of the cooker industry's list is set at $10,000, and is located as a middle-end market user. “European” is high-end, the market is limited, and “Operry” is a company pusher.
New brands have effectively filled the gap in the middle-market layout. Meanwhile, according to statistics, the 26-35-year-olds account for 41% of custom kitchen consumption, the company plans to enter the huge market of young, middle-end consumers through Opali, and will try to open 1,200 new stores over the next three years, with different market designs and synergies, with a marked increase in the proportion of the market ' s population effectively covered and expanded.
(i) Construction of a new tin-free base, expansion of the capacity of the Guangzhou and Tianjin bases, further improvement of the country's production capacity, which currently stands at approximately 90 per cent or more of the capacity of the various product categories, has become a constraint on the company's overall cooking cabinets,
Overall closets, custom-made wooden doors are a major factor in the rapid development of the area. In 2016, the whole kitchen cabinets, whole closets, and custom-made wooden doors will produce 500,000 units per year, 730,000 units per year and 150,000 units per year, respectively, with the full number of new production lines built in Guangzhou, Tianjin, and tin-free areas.
The increase in post-accuracy capacity will be lower than the above-mentioned value (ii) production efficiency is increasing, unit costs are falling significantly, production efficiency is increasing, cost controls are performing well, and companies are becoming more competitive.
Material storage systems and automated flexible manufacturing systems made up of digitally controlled processing equipment, with shorter production cycles, reduced consumption of direct materials per unit of clothing, continued improvement in production efficiency, and an annual increase in the Maori ratio of overall kitchens and overall closets. The costs of raw materials, manpower, manufacturing, etc. for home kitchens and closets continued to fall in 2015 and 2015.
In 2016, the cost of the overall kitchen unit decreased by 8.26 per cent and 10.66 per cent respectively, while the cost of the overall closet unit decreased by 10.75 per cent and 7.26 per cent, respectively. The rate of Maori in the kitchen was significantly increased from 28.97 per cent in 2014 to 38.14 per cent in 2016, reaching the level of Maori in the guest closet.
V. The niche of the channels, with marketing networks spread across the globe, has four main forms of marketing: dealers ' specialty stores, direct shop sales, bulk and export operations, with a contribution of 85.47 per cent, 3.38 per cent, 8.15 per cent and 3.00 per cent, respectively, in 2016.
(i) Quantity and quality of distribution channels, speed up the development of the national market, and the company distribution network of distributors has largely covered the country's first-line, second-line cities, as well as most of the third-line, four-line cities, and has evolved into a well-structured national distribution network with the largest number of dealers' stores. The distribution method is now custom-made furniture.
The main sales model in the industry has been about 85% of the company ' s income in recent years. The number of dealers is directly related to the company ' s income, and each of them is a company ' s export of profits. As of 31 December 2016, 4710 dealers in our country, running the entire European household, were significantly ahead of their counterparts.
The growth of Europa household kitchen cabinets, stand-alone closets, and woodgate dealers has accelerated, with more than 100 new businesses each year, with 2557, 2813, 3331 distributors in 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively, with a rapidly expanding distribution team. Companies are very strict in their management, performance standards are high, and test criteria are strictly enforced, and they are at the top of the list.
Under this mechanism, the quality of the company’s distributors’ channels is constantly improving. The company has established a strong network of distributors, with the first “10+1” finalists, with a single shop selling up to $1.55 million in kitchens and closets, and a single shop selling well above the industry’s average.
Quick, the average sales to individual whole closet dealers increased from $890,000 in 2014 to $1.77 million in 2016, up 99%. The whole bath cancelled or replaced some of the poorly run distributors, and adjusted the overall bath pricing strategy and sales prices.
During the last two years, the Māori ratio of the company’s four main categories of products has continued to rise. Between 2014 and 2016, the Māori rate of the overall cooker, the overall closet, and the overall bath dealer increased by 8.77 pt, 8.80 ptt, and 5.42 ptt, respectively, from 2015 to 2016.
Increase by 3.67 pct. Increasing levels of Māori, increasing the profit margins of dealers, and stimulating them to open markets. (ii) Direct business models can be better for extension companies, supported by single-store revenue industries, but because of their long regulatory radius and high management costs, they cannot be used.
At present, the company has only established direct shops in and around Guangzhou City, with 16, 16, 19 in 2014, 16, and 19 in 2016, with a steady average sales revenue from direct shops. Figure 39: Europe leads the business of direct shops in 2016 (millions of dollars)
(iii) Development of large-scale business and upgrading of market brand ownership in fine-favoured housing in recent years, about 10 per cent of which is well below the 80 per cent level in developed countries, and still more space in large-scale business areas. The improvement in the number of improvements in residential goods has been accompanied by a policy of encouraging fine-favouring around the country.
Some of the large real estate developers have provided more than 50% of their home improvements, and future improvements are expected to become important profit growth points for the whole industry. Currently, the company is actively developing the bulk of its household products and encouraging regional distributors to do so in their locations.
Businesses have established partnerships with the Paulie estates, and prominent real-estate agents such as Huang Po, Hua Yu, with a focus on promoting large-scale user businesses, mainly the whole kitchen cabinet, the whole closet, and the large-scale overseas market, which is the first in the industry.
The export of the company’s products is carried out mainly in the form of large foreign sales. The bulk of foreign sales is the autonomous participation of the company in foreign retailing, engineering negotiations, contract formation and performance; the sale of foreign stores is the date of the company’s choice, and foreign distributors in 48 countries or regions have opened up 91 stores to sell European brands as a whole.
(v) Red Star Keilong's subsidiary, Red Star Leaf, sells the company's products. Red Star Keilong, invests through its subsidiaries, forms investment partnerships, and provides companies and distributors with high-quality booths and fairs.
Extension services, sale of help company products at the market. The Red Star Catalon, one of the leading companies in my country's construction materials market, is located at a higher end. In the same city, Red Star's construction materials market has a higher surface area, passenger traffic, customer quality, cost level, branding, etc. than any other unnamed home construction market.
Inside, the sales of stores in Red Star's Keilong's building materials market are also generally higher than in other home construction materials markets, and the sales of kitchens and closets through Red Star's Keilong have increased at a faster rate than at the corporate level.
On the basis of the number of individual distributors and the number of distributors, we base our projections on the distribution revenue for each category of product, assuming that the revenue from each industry for the next three years will be substantially in line with 2016. Given the difficulty of quantifying the impact of second-brand Euclide sales on companies, it is difficult to predict future business model developments in custom wooden doors.
We believe that the company's entire cabinet business will grow steadily over the next three years, assuming that in 2017, 2018 and 2019, we believe that the company's kitchen business will continue to grow steadily, that the closet business will expand rapidly and that Opri will become a new growth pole in the company's performance; that the increase in the power supply rate and the development of other cabinets in house-wide customization are expected to be the driving force behind the rise in the value of the guest list.
In view of the potential development of the company’s home-wide customization and new brand, O’Hara, it is expected that the company will be able to achieve substantial price fluctuations for basic raw materials in 2017 and 18; that the channels will not expand as expected; and that the capacity will expand as expected. Chen Baiu, a Master’s degree in technical economics from the Beijing Transport University, joined the Allies Democratic Securities Institute in 2012 in light industry and publicly listed companies.
In 2016, the Foreign Service Academy, a Master of World Economy, joined the Institute of Civil Securities to conduct research in light industry and listed companies. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.