Europa Homes (603833.sh)
Research Assistant Stefano High Quality Integrated Home Solutions Providers. Founded in 1994, the company started its business in the whole cabinet and is currently in the overall closet/rear closet/custody wooden door/custody guard baths, etc.
The area has completed a multi-point layout with more than 4,700 shops, with a total of 734 million yuan in 2016, representing a net profit of 943 million, about 4.15 per cent of the total market for custom cabinets/rears, leading the country in the area of custom home ownership.
The total share of the brothers in the listed companies is close to 80%. There are 2,088 special stores, with a total of 460,000 overall cabinets, cabinets, sales revenues of $4,369 million in 2016.
The whole closet business is growing rapidly, and sales are second in the industry. In 2005, the company moved into the whole closet area, thanks to the front end of the cabinet business and the chef's clothes.
The Department has 1,121 dealers in the overall closet business and 1,394 shops, achieving sales revenues of $20.22 billion, or 43 per cent, of Cagr, second only to Sofia in the area of custom closets and second second only to the market.
Multiple layouts advance the strategy of living with everyone. “Opery” brands, stealing the young consumer market from the beach, and companies customizing the wooden gate “Operani” to collect $210 million in 2016, with 556 distributors selling 135,000 woodgates over the period, which will be followed by a new production capacity of 600,000.
This year, a new chapter will be opened in one of the furniture reports series: Custom Homes is the most 10,000 closets and 150,000 woodhouses. The ipo will be followed by Guangzhou/Tianjin/
Construction of 300,000 cabinets, 300,000 closets and 600,000 wooden doors for new production, full Homes Series II: Strong, Strong, High Faces open up production bottlenecks.
The Europa Homes Group Inc. was established in 1994 as a flagship ship for the whole cabinet, which is mainly involved in the production and sale of the whole kitchen, the whole closet, the whole bath and custom wooden doors, among other things.
The company ' s total operating income amounted to $7,134 million per year (4,369 million, or 61 per cent, of which $4,369 million, or 28 per cent, of which were in the closet business and approximately $2 billion, or 28 per cent of which were in the closet business), while the company ' s total revenue was about 4.15 per cent of the total market for custom cabinets and closets, with a gross profit of $2.6 billion for the current period and a net profit of $904 million for the mother and 36.55 per cent for the Māori rate/net interest rate, respectively.
The company has a centralized equity structure, with a high shareholding rate, and its core staff completes their shares before they go on the market. The company’s shareholders, the actual controllers, are brother Yao Liang Song, the chairman of the company, and the total share held before the issuance is approximately 86.95%.In addition, the company’s managing director, Zhang Qing Liang’s spouse Liu and 106 other company’s core members together hold 5% of the company’s holdings.
Equity (intake in October 2013 at a cost of $4.23 per share).
The acceleration of the urbanization process will contribute to the development of the entire household sector. The country is in a period of rapid urbanization, and data from the National Statistical Office show that the national rate of urbanization (urban population as a percentage of the total population) has increased from 51.27 per cent in 2011 to 56.10 per cent in 2015, an annual increase of 1.2 percentage points.
According to the National Statistical Office, between 2001 and 2015, China’s disposable income for urban residents rose from $6,860 to $31,195, an average annual compound growth rate of 11.43%.
The progressive development from simple price factors to combined factors such as brands, quality, credibility, services and the shopping environment provides a good basis for the rapid development of the entire household sector and induces consumption of the entire household sector with low concentration and high development potential.
China has a relatively high penetration rate and low concentration in the custom cabinets industry. We need about 14 million homes each year for renovations, with a price of about $7,000 per custom cabinet. On this basis, the market for custom cabinets in China is estimated to be about 98 billion/year. Of these, Europa cabinets in 2016 were about 4.46 per cent in the custom cabinet market, Chi Bong cabinets, and Chi Bong cabinets.
Gold cabinets, Piano, 1.44%, 0.94%, 0.51%, respectively. The top four brands have a total market share of about 7.35%.
14 million households, assuming that each household buys two custom cabinets, each custom locker at a cost of about $2,000. On this basis, the market size of custom closets in the country is estimated to be about 56 billion dollars a year. Of these, the share of the Europa closet in custom closets in 2016 was about 3.61%, while the main competitors were Sofia, Hollywood, and the top coffers were 7.8%, respectively.
2.68 per cent, 0.77 per cent. Four brands have a market share of about 14.86 per cent in custom closets. 2.3. Real estate fluctuations have less impact on the long-term development of the industry, as the overall household sector is in the early stages of rapid industrial development and has a small market base and huge scope for development.
As a result, the industry is now less affected by the cyclical nature of downstream industries. At the same time, the country’s urbanization is progressing steadily, the demand for urban housing has not diminished, and the Government has put in place appropriate policies in time to smooth down market volatility in the real estate sector.
3. The custom cabinet industry has entered a period of maturity. According to the White Paper on Consumer Consumption in the Chinese Cookery Industry, our country ' s manufacturing industry has grown at an average annual compound rate of about 15.76 per cent over the past decade, with a combined rate of about 15.76 per cent.
35%. After a high rate of growth and long-term growth, the industry has entered a steady period of growth (the household sector grew by about 10%, on 3.1.o.a. pre-favoured to the top of the cabinet, and the company, as a pioneer in the whole kitchen area of the country, has been established in custom cabinets for 20 years.
In 2016, European households sold a total of 4572,000 kitchen cabinets, resulting in sales revenues of 4,369 million yuan, an increase of 13.64 per cent over the previous year, with an average unit set price of $9555 (at factory prices) and an internal revenue contribution of 61 per cent.
The number of specialized stores is 2.088, and companies are well ahead of the country ' s leading competitors in terms of sales volume, the size of the distributors, etc., such as Kopo Boloni, Shibang ' s kitchen cabinet, and gold kitchen cabinets.
At present, the share of sales of company-backed cooking power is about 90%, of which the Europeans have their own branded cooking power (orem-dominated) of billions, accounting for about 20% of their sales revenue. The historical Māori ratio is lower than that of their counterparts.
From this comparison, it is easy to see that in the period 2013-2015, the Māori rate was generally lower than that of their counterparts 5-10 pct, mainly because of: 1) companies adhere to concessionary distribution policies. By reducing prices for distributors in order to stimulate market development with distributors, it helps to promote market incentives with distributors.
The creation of mutually beneficial partnerships and the construction of good distribution networks have contributed to the growth of sales revenues. 2) No adjustment has been made to the decline in prices of upstream raw materials. As important upstream materials for companies, hardware/styres have seen the largest drop in raw materials prices in recent years by more than 40%, while companies have not adjusted the purchase price: 3) Sub-brand "Europe"
The overall Māori rate has also been affected by Pāli's branding as the middle end of the young fashion population, with prices 20% lower than those of the O. 4) The high number of special prices has also affected Māori rates. 3.4. The Māori rate in the cabinet business is expected to continue to rise in the future.
1) With the availability of funds to raise funds on the company market, with the construction of 500,000 new annual production units at the tin-free base in the project, the gradual commissioning of 500,000 fuel smokers and 500,000 gas stove production lines, the increase in the self-production rate of cooking power will be expected to increase the rate of Māori in cabinet operations further upwards; 2) the purchase price is expected to rise in the face of falling prices of upstream raw materials
(iii) The company achieves disguised price increases by reducing the number of special packages from 20 in the past to 2; and (4) further improvements in the efficiency of its operations as a result of the upgrading of information levels.
4.1. The growth of the closet business, driven by rising consumption, relies on a deep build-up of brands, channels, production, manufacturing, talent, etc., as well as on the advantage of the front end of the closet business, and the firm has developed rapidly in the area of custom closets.
In 2014-2016, the company generated sales revenue of $992 million, 1,337 million and $2,022 million from custom closets, while the European custom closet business is still in the process of being opened, while continuing its concessionary business policy, home, 1394 stand-alone closet doors in 2016;
On the other hand, companies have been more supportive of cost inputs than their counterparts in the closets, with sales and management rates of 18.2 per cent, 21.4 per cent and 20.6 per cent respectively in the last three years, slightly higher than other custom-made closets, with a significant combined effect, and a continued rapid increase in the profitability of the closets.
With the advantage of the front end of the cabinet and the strong position of the Europa family in custom cabinets, the combined effect of closet-led closets is expected to increase gradually, pushing forward the rapid development of custom closet operations. Compared to the market for custom cabinets (nearly 70% penetration), the market penetration of custom closets is low (30%).
With the further increase in penetration of the custom closet industry, corporate co-opting and informationization, it is expected that the rapid growth of the closet business over the next three years, at about 35-40%, will be further boosted.
5.1. Create the "Opery" brand and actively explore the young clientele of the new generation of consumers “after 80/90” outside the Euromaster brand, which focuses on high-end markets.
The new market was launched in 2015 with the official launch of the “Operry” brand, with a middle-end market, a home style that focuses on “youth, fashion” and defines the strategic direction of “foresee, rejuvenation, intellectual customization,” actively opening up new markets.
In terms of the expansion of channels, Ophelia now owns more than 800 shops, with an actual sales value of $200 million in 2016, and expands rapidly. It is expected that 300 more will be added in 2017.
Fig. 7: Opri propaganda map 5.2. Active layout customizes woodgate capacity, creating a new “Operani” customizes 100 billion markets. According to data published by the China Forest Industry Association, construction is based on 100 square metres per square metre.
In terms of area construction, the average annual demand for custom wooden doors, such as new commodity houses/second-hand houses/exports in towns and cities, will exceed 130 million birch per year for the period 2015-2020, and the total regulation of custom wooden doors, based on an average of 1,200 yuan per year, will exceed 150 billion yuan per year.
Customizing woodgate products as an integral part of the “all-house” strategic plan, the company has been formally moving into the area of custom wooden doors since 2010 and introducing custom wooden door products from the “Operani” brand. The company has now completed the construction of basic systems in the areas of product development, manufacturing, marketing, product operation, and so on.
Five hundred and fifty-six independent distributors have been developed, with an annual capacity of 150,000 khokims per year for custom-made woodgates. Woodgates are growing rapidly. From 2014 to 2016, Europa produced 62,975, 92,283 khogs and 134,809 khogs for the sale of custom-made wooden doors.
The fund-raising effort will be to create a new 600,000 annual capacity custom-made wooden door production line in Guangzhou and to actively expand custom-based wooden door operations.
In recent years, as the proportion of residential goods has increased, home improvements have become an important profit growth point for the entire household sector. At present, companies are actively developing the bulk of their household products and encouraging regional distributors to do the bulk of their business in their localities.
Among other things, well-known real estate providers have established partnerships that focus on the promotion of large-scale user businesses that are dominated by large-scale real estate projects that are well equipped with whole kitchen cabinets and overall closets.
The demand for personal design and professional installation services for household products as a whole determines that the marketing services network is central to corporate development and branding.
As of 31 December 2016, the company had a well-developed training system for distributors. The company had 155 excellent trainers, approximately 2,189 square metres of training classrooms and simulation kitchen training sites, as well as a well-developed web-based learning platform (including video learning, testing)
The company is responsible for the development of more than 1,600 specialized training courses for all types of personnel, including guidance, design, installation, managers and distributors, and for the conduct of all types of training and evaluation.
6.2. The average single-store income of the Länder is very high. As a leading company with a more complete product class (brooms, closets, baths, wooden doors), the Euro-seals have given full concessions and incentives to support the distributors.
In 2016, the average single-store income of Europa dealers was 1.8 million yuan (cooking clothes), well above the level of their counterparts in the cabinets, and there is still room for improvement in the closet business. Europa’s top 10 dealers sold close to $800 million (13.22% of total sales revenue); and top.
The distributor, Beijing Gaussing cabinet, sold nearly 300 million yuan a year in the Beijing region, accounting for 4.73 per cent of total sales earnings, and the distributor, Beijing/Wuhan/Nanjing combined, sold nearly 500 million yuan a year, accounting for about 7 per cent of internal sales. A total of 133 patents authorized by the National Intellectual Property Office were owned by affiliates, the vast majority of which have been applied to companies.
There are products. At the same time, higher R & D investments help companies to benefit from 15% of high-tech firms with high-tech smart design, high-tech board control, and high-efficiency production processes. The company has introduced German homag flexible production lines, automation, information and fine-tuning of product manufacturing processes.
The company uses oracle as the basic data platform for product management Electronic modelling, synchronization of the process, seamless real-time electronicization of the production and distribution connection, and the use of information technologies
Technology fully connects the industrial chain, allows for the full utilization and sharing of resources, effectively improves product quality, shortens production cycles and increases the scale of production capacity.
7.1. The company ' s capacity utilization rate has increased its capacity in recent years on a small scale, but the growth in capacity has not fully met demand, and the capacity utilization rate has always remained close to saturation. Therefore, the company ' s ipo is focusing first and foremost on the capacity expansion project.
7.2. Status of the ipo fund-raising project Implementing entity State and municipal development and reform committees
Cloud Environmental Construction [2014]78 Eurogroup container production line construction project
Tianjin produces 150,000 cook sets, 29,244.36 Quiet change permit [2014] 48 Tianjin.
Project for the development of the container production line [204] 0040, 300,000 clothes produced in Guangzhou every year.
“Comité de développement et de réformement de l'état [State and Municipal Development and Reform Committee]
Tinless Production Base (phase I) No Tin City Huixiang Mountain Development and Reform Agency
Circular No. 20140141 " State and Municipal Development and Reform Committees " , CEPE [2014] 325
Europa, production line construction project, “European” brand promotion project
It's branding. It's Eurogroup. It's information technology.
The cost of the company as a whole is better than the cost of the closet.
There is still room for improvement. The sales cost rate is better. Thanks to Euro-based concessionary policies, the Department’s branding and outreach costs in the regions are largely borne by local regional distributors, with advertising inputs based on a percentage of their sales, thereby reducing Euro-based sales costs.
Net interest rates are still rising. By contrast, the company’s overall net interest rate is currently at a moderate, upward level, with a gap between Sofia and the customers, mainly because 60% of the company’s income is currently generated by the relatively low net interest rate in the cabinet business.
The rapid growth of custom closet operations and the space for higher net interest rates are expected to boost the overall net interest rate of the Division; on the other hand, custom wooden door operations are expected to become one of the major new growth points, accompanied by the gradual release of new capacity, and a rapid increase in the level of revenue and profitability of custom wooden door operations.
To promote the level of corporate net interest rates as a whole; and, thirdly, to increase the efficiency of production through a much lower price of raw materials, with a higher interest rate on top of a higher level of net interest rates, the turnover rate of corporate receivables has steadily declined, reflecting firm precision in production controls.
The market penetration of custom cabinets has been high, and the industry has matured, taking into account the high rate of penetration of custom cabinets.
During the development period, Europa, as a leading firm, conservatively expected to maintain a 15% increase in the revenue of cabinets over the next three years, taking into account the contribution of some new products, and a better rate of 38%.
To maintain a high rate of growth of about 40%, the Māori rate is expected to rise gradually to 39% over the next three years. Customized wooden doors are ready.
It is expected that the Māori rate will rise to over 20 per cent. High penetration rates in the cabinet industry, high competition, and risks to the development of company-owned custom cabinets; in addition, the country ' s macro-regulation of real estate, with a possible decline in property sales, may be industry and company
Negative impact of business trip; high capacity of cooking power production lines for the project and potential exposure to heavy competition from Māori