Events: Companies are expected to achieve a net profit of $1.23 billion through 2019, benefiting from high industry performance and high year-round growth: companies achieved a net profit in 2019.
1.230 billion-1280 billion, an increase of 47.02 per cent to 52.99 per cent over the same period; net profit deductions of $1,130 million, which benefited from the high profile of the excavator industry, continued growth in the utilization of tank capacity, and a significant increase in sales revenue for the mainframe plant. The impact of non-recurring gains and losses on net profits throughout the year was:
About 85-100 billion, mainly due to the devaluation of the renminbi and higher corporate exchange rate earnings. The oil tank business benefits a high-profile industry, where hydraulic pump valves have great scope for growth: the corporate tank industry benefits a high-intensity engineering and machinery industry, which continues to grow steadily, with overall capacity utilization being maintained.
The company began research and development of new products such as hydraulic pump valves, hydraulic systems, etc., in 2013, and the total stock/flow (million shares) has maintained a high share of the small-digger pump valves, which, according to the company ' s semi-annual report, have been fully massed.
The share of total market value/flow (millions of dollars) has been raised on a monthly basis, and the dredgers have entered the small batch validation phase; in addition, support or placement in non-diggered areas such as high-altitude operational vehicles, car hangers, pumps, etc. are expected to begin.
The market share of the company pump valves will continue to rise in the future, and there will be a lot of room for growth.
The Institute held a meeting to deploy a quarter of a month to speed up the issuance and use of local government-specific bonds, the constant hydration (601,100) industry peaks.
To promote the early start of construction in progress and the establishment of enabling projects, leading to increased and effective investment. To be sustained, corporate profits will continue to grow.
–2019/08/26 Capital, which is expected to leverage capital investment further.
At a high level, companies, as suppliers of core parts and components, will continue to grow to benefit the industry.
For eight years, the financial sector has been active in such areas as Robot Trends. Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production technology, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering machinery and automobiles.
The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre and joined the Pacific Securities Association in July 2017.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.