Performance forecast meets expectations, pump valve city coverage continues to rise.
The high performance growth was mainly due to strong growth in tank demand and an increase in the market share of pump valve operations The company achieved a median return net profit of $1,255 million a year, or +50 per cent. Of this, the median return net profit was $338 million, + 188 per cent, ring + 37 per cent and four-quarter performance
In 2019, the engineering and machinery landscape was over-expected, with 236,000 excavators sold year-round, up 15.9% compared to the 15.9% increase in the downstream view-driven company ' s drilling tank business. In addition, the company ' s unsubscripted fuel tank benefited from accelerator demand, orders, and growth in sectors such as the arp, shield and new energy sources.
Considerable. It is a matter of concern that the market share of company pump valves has risen overall, that revenues are expected to increase significantly in February, that the pump valve size effect is expected to lead to higher profitability, and that the sales of 20,000 excavators in December increased by 25.8 per cent compared to the previous year, representing 8.6 per cent of the total annual share, exceedingly high.
Over 10 years, the average value was 7.7%, indicating a very strong downstream demand, and a prolonged engineering and mechanical landscape. Companies grew by double digits in January and February, producing at full capacity.
In 20-21, it is expected to accelerate the growth of the company's pumping valves, and it is expected to “recreate” a permanent company, which has more than 50 per cent of the bunkers, full of Xu, Willow and others in Trinity, Carter.
In 2019, subsidiary hydraulic technology revenues are expected to double (a significant increase from $742 million in 18 years). The market value of hydraulic pump valves is about two times that of the cylinders, which is the high end hydraulic pressure of the global hydraulic giants.
Starting in 2020, it is expected that competition between the main excavators will become more intense and that the cost pressure will accelerate the nationalization of the core parts; we believe that the company pump valves will be used in the next three years.
The product is expected to replicate the successful path of the tank, with a rapid increase in the city’s occupancy rate, and to “recreate” a constant hydraulic pressure. The core asset’s vanguard position maintains the company’s “buy-in” rating.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.