The Center for Advanced Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials Studies (CSM) has strong downstream market demand, pump valve motors continue to expand, company fundamentals (RMK)
The company issued a performance forecast for 2019, which projected a net return profit of $12.3-1280 million in 2019, benefiting from strong growth in demand in the downstream sector, capacity utilization and production of the company's excavators and non-scaling tanks Digger tanks: 236,000 items sold in the excavator industry in 2019, an increase of 14.4 per cent in the company's first three.
Quarterly Digger tank revenue grew by slightly less than expected 15% over the same period. Excavator sales have increased since the fourth quarter, and company production has increased at a higher rate than before.
Non-specific products: The revenue of the three-quarter non-square tanks increased by 8% on a year-on-year basis. Non-scaling hydraulics continue to accumulate customers, performance accelerations - three-quarter reviews of constant hydraulic pressure. The high-altitude platform hydraulics begin to be fitted to high-end customers, both within and outside the sea, such as Trex and Zhejiang Dynamite:
There are new bulk packages on the market in the areas of car suspensions and pumps. In 2020, the arm high-altitude platform 2. Investment in the establishment of an Indian subsidiary to accelerate globalization.
3. " The reported performance of the pump valve operations has doubled, and the hydraulic pump valves of the subsidiary hydraulic technology have increased significantly, with revenues growing by 86 per cent in January-September.
Long-Hungular Hydraulic Pressure Report, 2019.8.27 Small Digging Pump Valves continued to grow at a high rate in 2019, with new production lines in medium-digging pumps, and the City of Small Digging Pump Valves accounted for 5.
The city is expected to outperform the tank because Korean manufacturers have their own suppliers of tanks and are expected to increase their purchases of corporate products on pump valves. Hydraulic motors: in 2019, the company released capacity from two production lines, producing excavators and high-altitude platform fluids.
\triangleright press motors, flexible line of production. The price of sex is superior to foreign brands, which will speed up motor production, Wang Hua.
The company has expanded its operations as a domestic hydraulic core, a short-term excavator pump valve, and a medium- and long-term company to non-working-range machinery. Entering the Carter global supply chain and investing in the establishment of an Indian company ... From “imports, excavator sales are less than expected; pump valves are less than expected; raw material costs are rising; and exchange rate fluctuations.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment