Hydraulic materials were extended from the engineering and mechanical field to a multi-industry industry - the company's 2019 performance advance announcement was issued on the evening of 20 January.
On 22st of 2020, the summer rains brought about a net profit of $837 million on the shareholders of listed companies for the same period the previous year, resulting in a net gain of $837 million on the public market.
The company ' s shareholder ' s net profit was 747 million yuan. Four quarters performed well. The company is expected to realize a return net profit of approximately 312.83 million yuan ~ 362.83 million yuan in the fourth quarter of 2019, an increase of 166.84 per cent ~ 209.49 per cent in the same year; the central value was 337.83 million yuan in the same year.
The same-year growth drivers include: (a) $106 million in impairment losses on assets for the same period in 2018, excluding this portion of the impact, with approximately 56 per cent of the single-quarter net profit growth hub; (b) optimized structure of non-square tank products in the beneficiary industry, and continued upward penetration of hydraulic fluids; and (c) a comparable exchange rate gain forecast.
Outlook: hydraulics extend from engineering and machinery to multi-industry. Pump valves: the share of small-divide pump valves is expected to reach around 40%, with prospective foreign brand customers at a later stage;
The city of the large- and medium-scale dredging pump valves is still on the slope and is expected to see a rapid increase in penetration in 2020. Mada: 6-50 tons of dredging machines have been steadily released for the conversion of motor capacity and are expected to produce non-digger hydraulics in the field by the end of 2019: high-altitude platforms already have a large number of high-end offshore customers equipped with hydraulics.
In addition, in March 2018, the company invested in the second phase of the construction project, with a planned investment of $500 million and a planned capacity of 30,000 tons.
Two lines are expected to be operational in 2019. By that time, the company’s casting capacity will increase to 55,000 tons.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or solicitation of the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.