q3 continued to grow at a high rate, with developers showing a high number of bright spots 26 October 2020 Recommenced work in various sectors, gradually compensating for a quarter of its performance in the second and third quarters.
At the same time, operations driven by the core technology of artificial intelligence accelerate to the ground. On the cost side, in the first three quarters, the cost of sales was 17.63 per cent and the management rate 6.71 per cent, respectively, a decrease in the same proportion, and on the other hand, the capitalization of prior research and development was amortized.
At the operational cash flow level, the net operating cash flow of the company q3 was $650 million, an increase of 115.23 per cent. Inventory grew by 89.93 per cent compared to the beginning of the period, and the main incentive for second-stage stock awards was reached: the company issued an announcement on 26 October, stock booming.
The second restricted stock award conditions set out in the plan have been achieved, with 75% set for October 2020. This equity incentive is primarily aimed at core cadres, helping to motivate employees, thereby contributing to a rapid growth in corporate business.
• Multiple pounds of products, such as the launch of the Developmenter ' s Day 1024, contributing to ecological and applied development: good growth momentum 2020-08-24
At the opening of the Global 1024 Developer's Day on 24th of this month, it was pointed out that in the past two, Science and Technology (002230): over the course of the year, the team of developers of the Science and Technology Science and Technology and the number of developers grew by about half a million, from 108 to 108
To advance the aai 2.0 strategy, cash flows have continued to rise to 1.57 million and development applications have increased from 700,000 to 930,000.
It's a new look at a variety of new ecological products, such as the Industrial Clouds Platform and the Skye Clouds, and it's a technology 3 and the Science and Technology 3 (002230): the publication of ideas on the construction of trees per capita. It's going to move from product to industry.
Performance continues to improve, strategic focus contributes, step-by-step services that provide a more coherent source of energy for ecological and applied development.
The epidemic highlights the need for artificial intelligence to integrate the Internet with education and medical depth, while artificial intelligence is one of the key components of the new infrastructure, accelerating ecological construction and applications.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board