On October 26, q3 showed a bright performance, and the size of the artificial intelligence business went even further. On October 26, the Quest published a three-quarterly report, which achieved an operating income of $7,284 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 10.82 per cent compared to 10.54 million yuan in net return to the mother, an increase of 48.36 per cent compared to 48.36 per cent.
The company also disclosed a significant increase in net profits from the year-round industry q3 and an acceleration in the commercial scale of the core technologies of artificial intelligence.
The net profit is now $296 million for the mother, an increase of 60.79 per cent for the same year; the net profit from the deduction of the non-return to the mother is 77 million yuan, an increase of 100.43 per cent for the same year. The company’s income and net profit grew well in three quarters, especially since the net profit from the deduction of the non-return to the mother doubled in one quarter.
The Division is gradually entering a business-of-scale performance realization period, comparing company prices with the 300-percent trend. The Division's current configuration of the company's education, politics, laws, etc., is expected to help the company get rid of the inherent impression of “no gains”.
Several lanes, such as medical, consumer and so on, are gradually developing standardized products that can be replicated, after the accumulation of artificial intelligence technologies that have become more and more profitable in these lanes, and are expected to show a good and accelerated pace of landing in the future.
The Māori rate has been structurally reduced, and marketing and management rates have been under control, which we believe is largely influenced by product structure. On the one hand, the corporate education sector has been taking over more regional projects in the field of learning solutions, which are low Māori projects.
The other side is the growth of information engineering in smart cities, with only about 25% of information engineering, which structurally also affects the performance of integrated Maori. Throughout the year, with the recovery of c-business, including the personalized learning manual for the education track,
The structure of the cost rate suggests that the company has good control over the cost of sales and management, which helps to increase per capita efficiency. And the growth in R & D investment, which represents the future, remains high, we believe.
This is an important basis for the company to build an industrial moat.
2. The first three quarters of the company recognized a fair value change gain of $402 million, mainly from three prior-period investments.
On the other hand, the company q3 runs a cash flow business 2020-08-23.
With the company’s bulk of cash flowing mainly in q4, it is expected that the cash flow from operating throughout the year will be positive and positive. The release of the equity incentive plan, which binds core team interests, will guarantee year-round performance growth.
The company released its second draft equity incentive plan on 9 October, targeting two senior managers and 19,311 core cadres of companies. The equity incentive plan, which binds the interests of most of the core cadres of companies, is expected to further consolidate the dynamics of the company and motivate the company to actively harness its intelligence.
The growth rate of the company ' s revenue in 2020 was no less than guaranteed in 2019, and q4 quarter growth is expected to be 52%.
We reaffirm the investment logic of the company, which is currently in phase 2.0 of its artificial intelligence strategy, and it is hoped that the business will be further focused and that the “data-arithmetic-products” will gradually be closed down on the advantage track, building a competitive advantage of the “new needs-and-degenerative” that will result in casework, application effectiveness, standardization of products.
We keep an eye on the value of companies' investments, and we expect them to see the spread of domestic and foreign epidemics, limited business activity and less demand for orders;
2) Government investment in education, health, etc. is not as strong as expected; 3) consumer product recognition and diffusion are less effective than expected; 4) industrial competition is increasing and firms ' pre-emptive advantage is diminishing.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.