Quarterly review of the three-quarters of 2020: `i-enhanced education + medical care', starting a healthy growth pattern.
The epidemic has affected the implementation and delivery of this year's project, and the “Education+Health” main track has continued to grow in a resilient manner. The epidemic has had a major negative impact on the company's operations in the first half of the year, starting with the "Education+Medical" drive.
In the first three quarters, the company actually collected $7,284 million (+10.82%) and q3 received $2,935 million (+25.16%) in one quarter. In terms of the collection structure, the first three quarters of the education business was collected.
The company's new winning contract in January-September of this year was 84% higher than it was, with a certain delay in revenue recognition due to delays in project delivery and the inherent cycle of project delivery during the epidemic. Of this, 700 million yuan was awarded in education and smart cities.
Level projects, involving 1,487 million contract amounts and both operating +/vi service models, will continue to contribute to the company’s growth in business in the future. Changes in fair value will have a greater impact on current performance, and the capitalization of R&D costs will be absorbed.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved a net return profit of $554 million (+48.36%), a net non-return gain of $84 million (+20.25%) and a sales profit of 46.20% (-2.04pcts).
The R&D costs of the Capital Building S.I.S. Ltd., 1.63 billion yuan (+36.13 per cent), mainly due to the current R&D capitalization amortization of 754 million yuan (+344 million yuan), have had a significant impact on the net return on the mother.
Some of the current net profits are consumed, and the company’s profitability has actually increased considerably, if relevant factors are excluded. Marketing, management costs (—1.73%, +3.36%) are well controlled; financial costs of $28 million (+372.66%), mainly due to interest and advance payments of $1,342 million (+31.11%) for the current period, which have increased, mainly as a result of the increase in the number of active projects.
Net cash flow - 385 million yuan (+13.41 per cent); of this amount, 650 million yuan net operating cash flow achieved in the q3 quarter, which is at an all-time high during the same period; the year-round operating cash flow is expected to continue to show good performance; the region is well advanced in the delivery of educational solutions, and the products of intellectual medical assistants provide intensive services to rural health-care institutions.
The Qingjia and Harbour Project, a regional solution for teaching, has almost completed its delivery plan for the year, and the products are in normal use. Of these, Qingdao City has covered 149 schools, 129,000 teachers and 184,000 students in the West Coast region; 154,000 classes were prepared in October of this year using related products; 798,000 lectures were given, 52,000 interactively, 45 tests were tested and 297,000 electronics were installed.
Ten thousand sessions, 886 thousand sessions, 98,000 interactions, 268 tests, and 16,29 million electronics. Health-care assistants are currently in use in nearly 100 districts and districts in 11 provinces and cities, more than 2,000 village-level medical institutions and more than 20,000 village-level medical institutions, effectively assisting health workers at the grass-roots level in improving diagnostic accuracy, reducing the number of cases of misdiagnosis, and securing a wide range of scientific and technological innovation services.
On 1 September, the company issued a heavy weight of tws headphones for a speech-translation product for all in the office setting, providing intelligent, efficient and accessible communication for online office scenes.
On October 26, aai+learning a new smart hardware product - a screen-scan dictionary - was launched as another learning efficiency tool for the English language learning scene at stage k12. In industrial Internet innovation applications, companies use microphones to position local voice sources, improve the efficiency and safety of frontline operations through quick positioning failure points in audio imaging technology; and improve the efficiency and security of frontline operations through collection, and acquisition.
Analysis of the sound stripes of industrial products, such as power-driven machines, automatic identification of product quality, sound-printing, efficient control of products. Chart 3. Companies actively explore new applications of industrial Internet orientation. Large-scale equity incentive schemes to promote corporate growth. Companies announce large-scale equity incentives at the same time as quarterly reports.
It is planned to award 27,224.2 million restricted shares to 1,933 incentive audiences, including senior management in the company, core technology (equity incentives compatible with the intensity of industrial competition), attract and retain good talent, fully motivate corporate managers and core technical/business personnel, and effectively combine shareholder interests, corporate interests and the personal interests of core staff to promote the company
• Investment proposals: companies move into the continuous scale-down phase of the i-applications, the strategic effect of AI 2.0 is evident, and in the education, health and industry main track, there is already a virtuous interaction between source technology innovation and industrial applications. Artificial intelligence, as an important component of new infrastructure, does not come into the market space, and companies will benefit fully from the dividends of the scalable application of AI technology driven by new infrastructure.
Avic.