The loss continues, the elasticity of the epidemic continues to be observed, the transport/airports is a billion dollars, an increase of 7.2 per cent over the same period, of which business income for the fourth quarter is 17.7 billion, a decrease of 18.9 per cent over the same period; it is a year-round gain.
The company’s core base, Beijing, was more stringent because of its policy of immunization, and the company’s passenger transport capacity was lower than it had been during the year, with the same increase in domestic line operations and a significant decline in international line operations.
There are pressures on companies to strengthen revenue management, add changes in the internal line passenger structure and high international lines, raise the overall revenue by 7.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, raise the cost of aviation oil substantially, maintain cost stability and sustain performance losses. In 2021, oil prices went up as a whole.
The company spent 20.7 billion dollars a year, an increase of 39.7 per cent in the same year, and 43 per cent to 0.1358 dollars per unit of ask. On non-oil costs, the cost of single ask non-oils increased by 0.4372 dollars, or 9.7 per cent, at the cost end of the company, owing to higher fixed costs and a drop in the same year.
Marketing, management, R & D costs have remained largely stable, the level of cost has fluctuated little, financial costs have increased significantly as a result of the decline in the same exchange gain/loss ratio, and the withholding of financial costs has increased slightly, and the volatility has not been significant. As a result of the significant decline in air traffic in Thailand, corporate investment returns - 746 million, investment losses have decreased by 5.17 billion on the same date, while the remaining subjects have decreased by 5.17 billion on the same basis.
In the context of the repeated fluctuations in domestic demand and the near-closed closure of the country’s doors, there is a priceless international situation, with company performance losses continuing and losses increasing.
In 2022, uncertainty persisted, looking at the cyclical elasticity of the end of the epidemic. In 2022, the policy level insisted on a dynamic zero strategy, the risk of repeated outbreaks everywhere, and uncertainty about the recovery of civil aviation needs remained.
There are, but industrial supply tightening has emerged and will continue, creating the preconditions for a cyclical reversal. China Air 601111-2021 Quarterly Review: A quarter is running down, and a second quarter is starting to see how civil aviation can be more resilient if one day the decision-making level changes its strategy after weighing its advantages and disadvantages.
The Department is the country’s highest-quality airline, and once the cycle reverses, its performance is expected to create a record high. The China Airlines 601111 - In-depth report: The end of the cycle, Phoenix’s launch.
Taking into account that the recurrent effects of the domestic epidemic continue to outpace our expectations, the full recovery may be delayed by continuing to look at the reversal of demand and supply after the epidemic subsides, and by maintaining the “buy-in” rating. China’s national airline revealed a 2021 annual report: China’s national airline revealed a 2021 report, with 74.53 billion operating revenues throughout the year.
This represents an increase of 7.2 per cent over the same period, of which operating income for the fourth quarter was $17.7 billion, a decrease of 18.9 per cent over the same period; net profit for the whole year - $16.64 billion, with losses increasing by $2.23 billion over the same period, of which net profit for the fourth quarter was $6.32 billion, with losses increasing by the same amount: operating income and growth for the single season of the Chinese State of China (in millions of yuan, per cent)
In April-May, the domestic market demand for civil aviation outpaced the pre-epidemiological period, after an early period of haze, but less than half of the summer, the spread of the South Kyoto epidemic once again hit the demand hard, and the outbreak continued to spread throughout the country after the national holiday.
The company’s core base is Beijing, where the policy of immunization is more stringent, which puts pressure on the company’s operations. The company’s passenger capacity dropped by 2.3 per cent on the same year, passenger turnover by 4.7 per cent on the same year, and passenger occupancy by 68.63 per cent.
Rpk increased by 4.5 per cent compared to the previous year, with a 69.55 per cent passenger rate, a 2.10 per cent decline compared to the previous year, while the international line fell again significantly due to the near closing of the country’s doors.
The international line increased by 7.4 per cent in the same year, as the “Five Ones” policy led to a near-zero supply, resulting in a massive drop in prices and a sharp increase of between 109 and 1.8523 dollars in revenues from international line passengers, four times higher than before the outbreak. The company as a whole maintained a full-scale upturn throughout the year, and in 2021, the shipment of goods and mail, which boosted the company's revenue, with an overall increase of 7.2 per cent.
Figure 10: Quarterly occupancy rates for China ' s navigational fleet, Figure 9: China ' s air passenger rate and changes in comparison with the previous year
The upward trend of the previous and subsequent lows has led to a significant upturn in the cost of the company ' s aviation, which was 20.7 billion dollars a year, an increase of 39.7 per cent over the same year, and an increase of 43 per cent to 0.1358 dollars in the cost of the unit ask.In terms of non-oil costs, the company ' s non-oil operating costs for the year were 65.14 billion dollars, as a result of higher fixed costs.
Figure 13: Cost and comparison of oil for China ' s national navigation and figure 14: Cost and comparison of oil for China ' s national navigation quarterly
At the cost end, the company’s sales, management, R & D costs are generally stable and the level of costs is not volatile, with sales, the company’s investment earnings – 746 million US dollars, investment losses fall by 5.17 billion US dollars on the same basis, and the rest of the costs remain unchanged. International lines are found in the context of recurrent fluctuations in domestic demand and the near closing of the country’s doors as a result of the epidemic.
A price-neutral situation, corporate performance losses continue and losses increase. Zero strategy, local epidemics are likely to recur, and uncertainty remains about the recovery of civil aviation demand, but industrial supply tightening has emerged and will continue, creating preconditions for a cyclical reversal, if decided one day.
Historically, companies are the country’s highest-yielding airlines, and once the cycle reverses, they are expected to produce a record high. The investment proposal is to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Taking into account that the recurrent effects of the domestic epidemic continue to exceed our expectations, the point of full recovery may be delayed, supply and demand reversed and “buy-in” ratings maintained. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author