Summary of events: On 29 March, the company released its 2022 annual report, which achieved operating income during the reporting period.
\triangleright \triangleright 10.7%, of which 1.9896 million kilowatts were acquired and self-built 53.44 million kilowatts were built; 58.308 billion kilowatts were generated
At that time, the average price of electricity on the Internet increased by 13.7% over the previous year by 1.3%/kWh to 0.481/kWh. The lower price of electricity and the expansion of costs resulted in the company’s wind plate operating profit of 11,622 million yuan a year, a decrease of 5.9% over the same period last year.
High coal prices were offset by higher electricity prices: in 2022, 10,573 million \triangleright power generation was completed by the company.
(b) The average price of electricity on the Internet was RMB 0.400/kWh (excluding taxes), representing an increase of 4.8/kWh over the previous year of 13.6 per cent to offset the impact of the high price of coal.
The research assistant, Zhao Guin Li, reduces the value of the impairments, light-loading the front line: the company's assets are reduced by 2,040 million yuan, consisting mainly of the “small-generation” renovation project, the suspended construction project, and the Ukrainian project.
Earlier travelers, with a higher share of small, old and old aircraft under the flag, were more affected by the low wind speed. The company’s “Small Generations” project, which had reduced its value, had a long-term impact on optimizing the company’s fleet structure and improving its efficiency.
1. Long-source electricity (001289.sz) 2022 performance forecast \triangleright rating: cost expansion, discounting, short-term performance pressure-2
Central photovoltaic development indicator 8.47gw, distributed photovolt project file 5.23gw. Since the end of 2022, 2. Long-source electricity (001289.sz) has been reported three quarters of 2022. Prices of photovoltaic components have dropped and the company’s photovoltaic development is expected to accelerate further during the reporting period.
The year-round restoration of wind power and photovoltaic projects totalling 2.1 million kilowatts (kW) is expected to bring surprises.
The project is well-stocked, with sufficient resources to support the company’s growth at a high rate.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.