Cost expansion, discounting, short-term performance pressure \triangleright power supply good, accelerated installation cost expansion: 70,633 million kilowatts of electricity produced by the company in 2022
\triangleright \triangleright is influenced by the high number of wind hours used in the same period in the previous year, with 4q21 wind hours in the country being 592 for the same period. But wind power increases are lower than the size of installed machines and higher costs, resulting in a profit for the company's wind panels.
Levels are down compared to the same period last year, affecting performance. Fire power levels are almost flat, photovoltaics are or will be lifted: q4 power generation at 2,545 million kWh, \triangleright
q4 other renewable energy sources (basicly photovoltaics) completed 405 million kilowatt hours of electricity generation and completed production throughout the year.
The amount of electricity at 1,752 million kilowatt-hours increased by 44.9 per cent in the same year, and since the beginning of 2023, the cost of the photovoltage industry chain has dropped significantly, and the company's photovoltaic development is expected to accelerate further.
Impairment, short-term performance pressure: the company actively promoted the Ningxia Herlan Hill project, which \triangleright created 16 new 5-megawatt units to replace the old 80 old small wind units.
Impairment is prepared. Due to local geopolitical influences, the company reduces the value of wind and wind assets in Ukraine, the primary cause of the impairment or short-term pressure on the company’s performance.
Review: Wind improvement, year-round restoration period - 2022/10/Investment proposal: q4 wind improvement, but the build-up resulted in wind power increases less than cost increases, \triangleright
The wind panels have lost their profits; the precautionary approach has led to a reduction in the value of TRPs and overseas assets, or to a reduction in the value of public assets, or to the semi-annual reporting point for 2022 of the Dragon Source Power (001289.sz).
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.