Wind resources are weak and the margin impairment affects profit levels.
The company published its annual 2022 report, which generated business income of 39.863 billion yuan for the year, compared with 26.19gw wind power, 1.88gw fire power, and 3.04gw other renewable energy sources (larger in photovoltaics).
Photovoltage is 1.90 gw and 0.01 gw, respectively. With regard to the amount of electricity generated, the cumulative amount of electricity generated in 2022 was 70,633 million kWh in Liang Yunan (compared to 11.6% in the same year), of which the wind generated 58,308 million kWh.
Hours (year-on-year +78), the wind has improved considerably since the beginning of the year. In terms of electricity prices, in 2022, the average cost of all public sources of electricity on the Internet was $468/mwh (excluding value added tax, same-1.5%), while the price of stroke electricity on the Internet was $481/mwh (2.6% compared), and the price of fire electricity on the Internet was $400/mwh
The increase in the price of electricity and electricity from fire is mainly due to the increase in the price of electricity from market-based transactions. Net profit is $1.941 billion.
Cost control is good, and the annual subsidy has accelerated recovery of 0.70 pct. of which management, R & D and financial rates have fallen by 0.31 pc, 0.24 pc, 0.15 pct, respectively. Cost control is good.
New energy projects are well stocked, new photovoltaics are expected to accelerate, Voltage chain costs have dropped significantly, and we expect additional photovoltaics to accelerate. Groupwind Operations Integration Platform, with subsequent asset injections expected to accelerate.
By the end of 2021, the National Energy Group, which is a platform for integrating wind and power operations, had committed itself to gradually infusing the assets of the remaining wind power generation operations into the company over the next three years.
Reloading 26.19gw. In 2022, the Group injected 1.90gw to follow up on the fulfilment of its commitments. Relying on the National Energy Group, the advantages in terms of project reserves, operations management, financial costs, etc., were evident, and the growth in loading was more certain and the “recommended” rating was maintained.
The wind and light voltage machine is smaller than expected; the renewable energy subsidy is less rapid than expected: the price of electricity on the Internet is lower: the price of new projects is higher, and so on. Tuao has graduated from the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and has had more than 10 years of experience in industrial research, and has long worked in environmental public use and downstream in the industrial chain.
In January 2022, he joined China’s Galaxy securities. Sense, a master’s degree from the Beijing Chemical Industry University, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018 to conduct research in the environmental public sector.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.