(c) Net profits of $1.42 billion, an increase of 133.7 per cent.
▪ Retail securities have continued to grow and the share of the brokerage business has increased further: 1) The average annual stock-base-day turnover was between +35.2 per cent and $5.59 billion in 2019. Corporate securities operations have continued to grow, driven by a combination of a warmer market + a higher market share. As of the end of 2019, corporate agency trading certificates
The company achieved a decline in the activity of the market in 2019, with average daily stock-based transactions down 20.4 per cent from the first half of 2019, with companies performing significantly better than the market, and we judge that the share of the company ' s brokerage stock continues to rise.
As capital money continues to increase its efficiency, it is expected to join the first line of the industry.  Transferable bond issuer capital, and the stock market ratio is expected to continue to rise: 1) East securities achieved interest net revenue of between +77.2% and 670 million yuan in 2019 (which is significantly higher than the depths).
The market balance increased by 34.8 per cent, with 66.7 per cent in the second half of the year (2019 (the opening condition is six months of trading in securities) and only one securities firm, and we judge that strong business development by companies can help to increase the stickyness of high-quality customers (risks).
With a higher preference and a relatively more dynamic trade, the market share of the two-mixed business will accelerate. 2) In the near future, the company will issue a revolving debt (totalling $7.3 billion) to raise funds for a battalion to supplement Eastern wealth securities, of which up to $6.5 billion will be used to scale up the two-mixed business and boost market share.
It is expected that the company’s two-way business will continue to grow at a high rate as capital money is replenished. Quite a good foundation, a smooth growth of the fund, and a new era of wealth management: 1) Increased efficiency of the company’s operations and a drop in the cost of Eastern financial securities (from 72.8 per cent to 36.2 per cent at the end of 2018),
The efficiency of the Internet financial platform has continued to improve, and the Sky Fund Network has improved its income structure through user sticky and product distribution channels,1 Eastern Wealth (300059): there is a significant flow advantage to be transferred, and the Fund ' s sales operations have grown steadily, and the income structure has been further optimized.
Debt issued in the near future, increasing strength continues to expand The ratio of revenue from commissions and sales services to revenues from financial e-commerce services
3) As the EDF product continues to go online, the company formally enters the wealth management market, stream 2, Eastern wealth (300059): issue mass realization level 3 to accelerate the start-up and see the company demonstrate customer resources and equity in wealth management.
The three natural core advantages of continued expansion of systems, operating costs and future creation of Fund products, investment advisers, Chang
3. Eastern Wealth (300059): The first fund is issued, prior to the management of wealth, to forecast profits and rating investments: companies can transfer debts, i.e., to develop securities after capital is strengthened
A step-by-step expansion to accelerate the build-up of the third tier of the Fund's upward flow, firmly looking at retail wealth, billions of dollars, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Figure 7: Net profit and rate of increase in Eastern European securities, 2015 - 2019
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board