The performance of the company nearly doubled in 19 years, with a significant increase in corporate capital strength. The company issued a 19-year fast report, yielding operating income of $4.228 billion, an increase of 35.38 per cent in the same year; net repatriation of the profit of $1,826 million, an increase of 90.49 per cent in the same year; and 19eps 0.27, $19bvps3.16 in the same year.
Billion dollars, a significant increase of 90.49% in the same year, and a near doubling of corporate performance on a higher base reflect the strong endogenous growth momentum and still strong growth attributes of the Department’s performance. The company’s growth in Eastern wealth securities rose by 134% in 19 years, and the broker’s two-fold growth continued to be strong.
Unaudited financial data on treasure securities in the Tibetan East show that the portfolio, represented by brokering and blending operations, has consistently performed well: 1) Eastern wealth securities achieved operating income of 2,591 million yuan in 19 years, an increase of 53.67 per cent compared to the previous year, and a net return to the mother of 1,417 million yuan, a significant increase of 133.68 per cent compared with the previous year;
Millions of yuan, an increase of 54.75% over the same period, have largely benefited from increased market activity and company-market participation. Companies are expected to have a faster share of mixed businesses.
To achieve faster growth, the advantages of traditional Internet platform operations are strong. By the end of 2019, there were 4919 funds under the umbrella of the Tianjin Foundation, with the average turnover of the fund company for three months (million yuan)
The number of households is 139, all of them ranked first. (2) In 19 years, the EWF issued the first net liability ratio of the fund (%) (2020e) - the 50-indexed fund, the wealth management business accelerated. 3) In late 19 years, the company returned to its motherland.
A successful roll-over, followed by a sustained build-up in corporate capital, will provide a solid basis for a business model of heavy assets such as wealth management and blending.
The company’s performance is in line with expectations and maintains the original profit forecast. The company, as an Internet voucher dealer, has a high level of growth and, based on the consolidation of traditional advantages such as fund sales, brokerage and so on, we hold it in such asset-intensive areas as capital strength, wealth management and so on.
The impact of the policy on the industry is more than expected; the double impact of market volatility on industry performance and valuation.
Lan Xiao Fei.