Shinjishan's evidence.
In 2024, China Air West issued the 2024 report. The company's operating income was $43.216 billion, an increase of 7.23 per cent compared to 2024; the net profit from maternity was $1,023 million, an increase of 18.87 per cent compared to the previous year; and the net profit from childbirth was reduced to non-repatriation.
The company successfully completed its business plan in 2024, according to \triangleright market data: 3 April 2025
During this period, the military aircraft mission was completed, with the planned nodes of c909 aircraft, c919 aircraft, agg600 aircraft, newboats, etc., with large parts and spare parts of civilian aircraft models, and the highest/lowest in the year, as required by the client order:
International sub-contracting projects. Companies are increasing their cost control efforts, continuing to reduce efficiency gains, 2024 circulationa shares/total equity (billions of shares): promoting the acceleration of civil aircraft components and accelerating the opening of international sub-contracting markets. Future civil aviation market demand
Still strong, the company has a significant technical advantage in the core of the integrated manufacture of components such as airframes, wings, etc., and has previously become the largest body of civil aircraft in countries such as C919, arj21 and ag600.
Structured suppliers, companies in international turnkey production are expanding their cooperation with aircrews, deepening their integration into the world air industry chain, and the company's performance in the area of civil aviation is expected to increase significantly in the future with the volume delivery of the above-mentioned national-produced civilian aircraft, as well as the increasing stock of international turnkey orders.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor will it be recommended in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.