\triangleright tank sales were robust. 22,000 vehicles were distributed in June, compared to 17.2%.
\triangleright ring ratio +3.2%. Wei issued and sold 10,000 vehicles in June, i.e. +247.0% and the ring ratio + 65.5%. The tank ' s he4 fleet won the ring tower championship, the success of which confirmed the technical credibility of the he4 and optimized the anti-breathing model of the vehicle.
Wei will launch a new SUV and a hybrid car from 2025q3 onwards, with a new SUV on board a large vla model; the new vehicle is expected to be equipped with a full-power smart superplate with a 6c-multiplier battery, based on a 800-v structure with a pure electrical renewal of up to 400 km. We believe that the new Wei vehicle will have a tight pace and smart collar.
Domain upgrades give new power to new vehicles, create “tech luxury” labels, or drive new jumps in Wei's sales. Hafer brands continue to heat up sales + new car intensive layouts.
B+30.7%, Ring + 8.2%, Hover's second-generation Heifer version is expected to be on the market in July, with a second-generation Hi4 plug-in 4-drive system consisting of 1.5t engines.
Technology, as well as advanced assistive driving systems, emphasize the balance between luxury configuration and performance upgrading. We believe that changes and new vehicle layouts are rich, product matrices optimized, and hard-to-field positioning are expected to further boost overall sales.
In June, the company’s overseas wholesale sales amounted to 40 million \triangleright.
3. Grand Wall Cars (60163.sh) series XXI: Long Wall Sea Guns will be on the market in Thailand, Mexico, etc.; Haffah 9, Haffah5 and tank suv
Products will focus on opening markets in the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America; Brazil’s plants will be upgraded to become operational in 2025. We believe that the Great Wall automobiles will perfect the full-power product matrix of globalization, so as to fit deep into the home-grown driving landscape.
Investment proposals: The domestic and foreign diffusion of new corporate products is well under way, a new cycle of smart electricization is under way and new energy \triangleright is expected; the pace of sea travel is not as high as expected and EU tariff-related risks.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.