Dexahwet computer, assistive driving, and car electronics front-loaded the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Steady growth in the automobile industry and increased electronic vehicle penetration: the China Autotech Research Centre predicts an average annual increase of around 7% over the next 10 years, with about 35 million vehicles to be sold in 2020. The increase in consumption in the industry, the gradual increase in electronic vehicle penetration, and an increase in the value of one-car complement
Deloitte reported that, in 2012-2016, the company’s main business, Carborne Information and Recreation System (CARIS), grew at a rate of 10.8% per year, the fastest growing car electronics industry. Desai Siwi, as the van leader of the electronics system, will either benefit directly.
• High-quality right-hand customer accumulation of information technology in the open-hand front-loading market: more than 99% of the company's well-known whole-car factory, such as Gilly, accumulated deep-seated computing techniques, including bus-line technology, navigation engines and software, and smart driving aids cores. Second, the automobile industry could have a review cycle lasting several years, and users could be sticky.
Strong, the firm's deep-farming industry has accumulated many high-quality customers over the years and has had a clear advantage in terms of its ability to inform. According to His recently released Analysis of the Global Automobile Electronics Supplier Market in 2016, Desai Siwei has a 22% share in China's domestic pre-navigation pre-navigation market and ranked first in China's automobile electronics suppliers.
First, the global electronic appliance suppliers are ranked twenty-six. • Research and development inputs are increasing or continue to increase, aiding driving for future growth: the development of artificial intelligence has also contributed to the process of informatization of automobiles, and Desai, as a home-grown internationalized firm, is about to become involved in the global competitive market.
Over the years, the investment in R & D in Dessehway has been growing year by year, with companies growing their research costs by 30.37% annually from 2014 to the first half of 2017, and R & D costs as a share of management costs increasing steadily from 72.39% to 76.04%, far more than their counterparts.
Automatic emergency brakes, auto-cruises, auto-breathing, and so on in the adas system. It is expected that in the near future, production will be achieved. The adas system is now largely monopolized by foreign manufacturers, and Desai will be the first company in the country to independently provide the adas system.
This is 30 times, 27 times, 24 times. The current average value of the automotive electronics industry is 31 times, considering that the company is the leader in the automotive electronics industry, but because of the larger market in the company, it is now located in Desaiway, formerly the Central European Electronics Corporation (CEI), founded in 1986 by Philips, Golden Hill, Hong Kong.
Since its inception, the company has been focusing on providing a global leading electronic whole-of-the-art car solution, with the main product being car-borne information and entertainment.
Systems, vehicle-borne air-conditioning controllers, driving information display systems, etc., are widely applied in the areas of passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, engineering machinery, etc. In addition, corporate products provide customers with specialized vehicle satellite navigation, wireless communications, information entertainment, vehicle traffic displays, vehicle movement, etc., using wireless transmission technology, 3g/4g mobile networks, satellite navigation technology, inertial navigation technology, graphics, etc.
Services such as the Internet, driving information displays, auto air conditioning controls, smart driving aids, etc. 1.1 The company's main products are car-borne information and entertainment systems, vehicle-borne air conditioning controllers, driving information displays, etc.
On the other hand, the company used to be the dominant market, and the front market was the direct sales model, where the company sold the product to the whole garage, which was the end-user of the department’s product. The back-loading market was the distribution model, where the company sold the product to the electronics distributors of cars, the 4s store of cars, and the automobile sales company, which then sold the company’s product to the end-user.
Carborne Information Recreation System: A vehicle-borne integrated information processing system terminal based on a vehicle bus bus (can, lin, car-borne ultranet, etc.), 3g/4g mobile network, wireless communication and satellite navigation technology, Internet services, etc., which provides users with specialized geographic information services, multimedia entertainment services, etc.
Smart transportation services, thereby increasing safety and comfort in driving. _ Vehicle air conditioning controller: auto air conditioning control device, entering through changes in engine speed and temperature inside the car \triangleright
Line detection, signal logic, controls electromagnetic Ionization Drives and Render valve drives to keep the temperature constant and save motor energy in the car. By system device, they can be divided into manual mechanical, electric electron, single-temperature area-wide automatic and multi-temperature area automatic controls.
Driving information display system: a platform for monitoring the active state of the vehicle and malfunctioning intelligence alerts, which allows drivers to better understand the state of the vehicle by real-time displaying information from the vehicle running \triangleright on the screen
Table 1: The company ' s main product types. 2013-2016, as a result of rapid growth in the automobile industry, automobile sales surged rapidly.
There has been a significant increase in the sale of State-produced suv cars: in 2016, the first three types of vehicles were Huffh6, \triangleright wide-broadcasted gs4 and General Mitsubishi Treasure 560, of which Hafh6 was sold 580,000.
And these vehicles are all of Desai Siwi's configuration models, and the quality of the product has improved: Desai Si Wei has attracted orders from a number of joint branded cars based on its higher value for money.
Corporate sales to the general public in 2016 amounted to $763 million, an increase of $441 million over 2015. The growth in corporate operating income slowed in the first three quarters of 2017, mainly as a result of a change in the acquisition tax policy, which changed from 5 per cent to 7.5 per cent in 2017.
At the operational level, the company used to be market-dominated, and car-borne information and entertainment systems were the company’s core business, with 85% of the company more stable than the left, with the company as a whole remaining at around 25-30%. As the company’s products are mainly oriented towards the front-loading market, Māori
As a result of the company ' s constant restructuring of its products, the share of high-car-car-borne entertainment information systems has been increasing, and the volume-valued increase has together contributed to the increase in the company ' s overall Māori ratio. With regard to the breakdown of the Māori rate of products, the Māori rate of vehicle-borne information systems has been the highest and has remained stable. The Māori rate of vehicle-borne entertainment systems has steadily increased, mainly with the increase in the share of entertainment systems that supply their own displays.
The company, formerly the Central European Electronics Industries Company Ltd., was initially a manufacturer focusing on the production of car sound systems. In 1992, the company took the lead in establishing a product development sector for the domestic market, which accounted for most of the domestic car sound market.
Euro Motors Electronics Ltd., Desai Industries and Siemens Wiedeo Automobile Electronics own 30% and 70% of the shares of the company, respectively. In 2010, Desai Industries successfully acquired all of the shares of the foreign side of the company, renamed Desaiway Motors and Subs Ltd. in Huezhou, and since its listing in 2017, Desai Industries directly held 3,552.5 million shares of the company, representing the total stock after issue.
58.3% are shareholders in companies. The City Council holds 51% of the ownership of the Desai industry, and is actually in control of the company, with a capital of 2,042 million yuan. The funds are used mainly around the company’s main business, and are directed to four main areas: the automobile electronic intelligence plant construction project, the automobile electronic mobile Internet technology integration construction project, and the automobile electronic mobile interconnection technology development project.
By raising funds and launching new projects, the company hopes to be able to deal effectively with the lack of productive capacity and to further enhance its research and development capabilities, thereby strengthening the company’s combined capacity to build a rapid growth of the automobile industry for the future of the company.
2.1 With the rapid growth of the national economy and the income of the population, and the adoption of a number of policies by the State to promote the growth of the automobile industry and encourage automobile consumption, the country ' s automobile industry has experienced a blow-out process over the past 10 years, resulting in a high rate of annual production and sales.
Our total vehicle production rose from 5.07 million in 2004 to 24.5 million in 2015, with a compound growth rate of 15.40 per cent and a record high in sales, which has remained the world’s first in seven consecutive years. When cars reached tens of millions of grades, growth has slowed considerably in recent years, starting to stabilize recovery, with a rate of about 10 per cent after the low 2015 vehicle sales.
Our per capita vehicle holdings are below the world average, and there is much room for development. According to the National Statistical Office, only 118.4 vehicles per thousand were held in the United States at the end of 2015, 797 per 1,000, meaning 711 per 1,000, and our country is still a long way from the advanced countries to support growth.
The continuous improvement of transport infrastructure, the increase in potential purchasing power, and the relatively low car penetration rate are the driving forces behind the continued rapid growth of the country’s automobile industry. Moreover, the volume of vehicle sales in the country increased from 1,549.36 million to 2,744,000 vehicles between 2012 and 2017.
Rapid and sustained growth in the industry as a whole has gradually become the driving force behind the growth of the automobile industry. These are mainly the rise in the incomes of the dry population, the rise in private car consumption, and the positive ratio between the increase in vehicle production and the increase in the gdp, which is expected to be around 5 per cent in the future.
In 2006-2017, the share of domestic auto parts and components increased from 36.3% to 48.7%, with the major national product, suv, and joint venture orders, with higher performance contributions from domestic customers. The suv grew rapidly, providing opportunities for companies.
Partners. In 2006-2017, the share of suv in the automobile industry increased, from 5.4% to 42.4%, and the rapid growth of suv generated huge profits for the company. The China Center for Autotechnology Research predicts that the vehicle market will grow at an average annual rate of around 7% over the next decade, with the size of production in 2020.
It will reach around 35 million vehicles. With the increase in electronic vehicle penetration and in the value of bicycle packages, as well as rapid advances in the electronic information industry and related technologies, an increasing number of electronic devices have been installed on vehicles, improving vehicle performance and providing vehicles with additional social functions such as transport, entertainment, office and communications, becoming new destinations for consumer interest and for automobile products.
2.2 Auto-electronics are both demand and policy driven by opportunities. Auto-electronics are a combination of electronic information technology and auto-manufacturing technology, and are the overall name of car-body electronic control and vehicle-borne electronic control. These can be broken down into the following broad categories: power control, security control, communications entertainment, and auto-electronics.
Our automobile industry has grown rapidly, leading to an outbreak in the automotive electronics sector. According to data published by the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, the size of our automobile electronics market has grown from $32.8 billion in 2010 to $57.92 billion in 2014, with a compound growth rate of 10.00 per cent per year.
With rising incomes and technological advances, motor safety, comfort, energy efficiency and environmental performance requirements are constantly raised, and this demand meets the vast majority of the e-car technology that needs to be matched. Higher demand, policies, and differential competition among car manufacturers continue to push the global electronic car market forward. The quest for safety has led to passive security.
The rapid development of system-wide and proactive security systems, and the demand for comfort, has led to rapid growth of systems such as car-borne recreation and vehicle-borne communications. Globally, the development of the automobile electronics industry has been a process of penetration from high-end to low-end vehicles, from developed to developing-country regions.
In addition, Automobile Electronics, as an acillary automobile industry, provides an important support for the healthy development of the automobile industry, which is a limited and focused sector of the country. In October 2017, the Commission launched the drafting of the National Strategy for the Innovation of Smart Motors Strategy, which sets out the strategic direction, development goals, main pathways, priorities, and safeguards for the future development of smart automobiles in the country.
The country will increase its efforts to promote the development of smart grid cars. 2.3 New energy smart cars are widely available, and the volume of products is rising.
The Car Innovation Development Strategy was consulted, planning to reach 50% of new cars for smart cars by 2020, electricization, intelligence and car networking become trends in the automobile industry, and accelerated penetration of high-end electronics in high-end automobiles will result in an increase in the value of bicycles. According to the offer statement issued in July 2017 by Desai Siwei, the company's sharebook sales and sales of its car-borne information and entertainment system are on sale.
The volume of sales is increasing. Of these, the highest unit cost of a vehicle-borne information system (US$ 1599), the lower air conditioning controllers (US$ 200) next to a vehicle-borne entertainment system (US$ 708) and a driving information display system (US$ 211). The higher unit price of a vehicle-borne entertainment system is mainly due to the change in the cost of a mass display from the original 5-inch to 6.5-inch screen.
Car-based information systems and vehicle-borne entertainment systems have also increased in both unit prices and numbers, and we analyse the need for vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems for future consumption upgrades. Air-conditioning controllers have experienced a certain level of downswing in unit prices due to competition, but the impact on companies is limited.
2.4 The competitive advantage is clear, and the power is far greater than that of their peers.
From 2014 to 2016, the company ' s share of the front-loading market increased from 92.6% to 99.15%, with sales in the front-loading market amounting to $2.44 billion, $3.53 billion, and $5.62 billion respectively. According to the latest report of the global electronics supplier market analysis for 2016, published by the leading market survey agency, His,
It shows that Desai Siwei has a 22% share in China’s domestic pre-navigational pre-navigation market, ranking first among China’s automobile electronics suppliers and twenty-sixth among the world’s automobile electronic appliance suppliers. Domestic firms that produce similar products with Desai Si Wei have a share in Soijin (002766.sz) and Pathfinder Technology.
(002813.sz), Huayang Group (0020906.sz), Good Helpers, Flying Songs, Keiyan Electronics (839952.oc), etc., have a much more structural focus on front-loading markets. Companies have significant advantages in size compared to their domestic competitors, and operating income and net profit levels are much higher than those of domestic counterparts. In addition, the Dexahway R & D costs are also growing year by year, far more than their counterparts.
Both in terms of business income and R & D costs, Desai Siwei outperformed the major competitors, and the gap is widening. The widening gap in operating income suggests that Desai Si Wee’s market share in the automotive electronics industry has gradually expanded, with products being sold out.
The wider the picture, the greater the competitive advantage, provides a solid basis for future development.3 The deep-farming automobile industry is 30-carrying, with a strong advantage of 3.1 clients stable, mostly one-line autonomous.
The automobile industry may have a long audit cycle of several years, and the company has grown a number of high-quality customers for many years. The country’s main clients are the public, the Great Wall, the Hiroshima Group, the Chang Amajda, the General Mitsubishi, the Uplift General, the Uplift Mass, the North Gas Group, the Chiri Car, the Jili Car, etc. The main customers abroad are Madhuda, the Popular Group, the Caterpillar, Tisenkhamp, etc.
In addition, there are new energy cars, Internet cars, etc., such as Biadi, car and home, car and car. The company’s car-borne information and entertainment system has entered the domestic and international brands of the public, the upper-air group, the Hiroshima group, the Great Wall and the Chirre.
The Great Wall, Hafh6, the Broad Blast, gs4 and the General Mitsubishi Treasure 560 are all company-based models. Table 5: The company's main clients, the company's Carborne Information and Recreation System, have a high-quality client structure, which is aimed primarily at a crowd of people, a broad-breeding group, a general Mitsubishi, the Great Wall.
Automobiles, long Anmazutas. With the hot sale of a car, the company has the largest amount of information and entertainment on its vehicle attachments, and has contributed 27% of the sales, followed by the General Mitsubishi and the Wide Gas Groups, which have contributed 20% and 15%, respectively, to the sale of the top five clients of the company in 2017.
Companies have been working hard to strengthen R & D, and their investment in R & D costs has been increasing. The corporate sector has been growing, and market ownership has been among the highest in the country. Large amounts of money have been invested in R & D, many technological difficulties have been successfully addressed, and new products have been developed.
76.04%. Income from core technology products is also relatively high as a share of business income, and has remained above 99%. Companies are well-versed in key technologies such as bus bus technology, navigation engines and software, algorithms for fully automated air conditioning controllers and combination instruments, smart driving-aided core algorithm technology, vehicle display modules and display system technology: obtaining multiple national patents.
Comprises core algorithms for products, interactive application of humans, logical transfer scheduling, integration of application systems, implementation of vehicle-borne applications, product testing and product manufacturing. 11 products and technologies. 3 cases of smart network combination technology: 8 cases of adas autopilot technology: 3 cases of smart network combinations.
Technology studies of the android operating system; technology storage for subsequent dual operating systems; linux+android dual operating system and Wificarplay for cars and apple phones; 8 cases of adas autopilot technology in infrared, 24g mm wave radar technology, 720p high-resolution camera development, eastoneadas sensor melting
Arithmetic and body control strategy studies, 360-degree panorama integration ultrasound radar automatic berthing system development, multi-purpose high-quality spectroscope platform and high-resolution backcarcam development. 3.3 Globalisation strategy, deployment overseas
At the China Automobile Forum, the Director-General of the Corporation, Chen Chunxing, pointed out that “from international to local internationalization” was a unique development in Texas for more than 30 years. During the course of corporate development, Tüong Siwei insisted on internationalization, and since becoming a Chinese-owned company, he was increasingly internationalized.
In 2011, Desaiway Motors Singapore Co. Ltd. was inaugurated, marking the first step in the world’s deployment. In Asia, the bridgeheads and the central and western combinations, sub-firms were set up to give Desaiway better control of the world’s leading car power.
In 2012, the European branch of Texas was founded, and in the same year it entered into a global supply system for multiple car factory customers; and in 2013, the Japanese branch of Texas. With its excellent quality, the company’s products are sold out abroad, and the region of the company’s external products is mainly related to Japan, Iran, and Russia.
Other clients include Hong Kong paratasiapacidicated, the United Kingdom aampgloballimited, and Brazilpst electronica. The company sells its products mainly to Japan, in 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017h1.
The share of proceeds from sales to Japan in total external sales was 57.65 per cent, 72.17 per cent, 76.02 per cent and 68.70 per cent, respectively.4 Forward-looking layout intelligent driving, pre-positioning market adas, 4.1 ahead of schedule
Smart driving aids (adas) are the main means of achieving unmanned driving. Smart driving, i.e., technological innovation in China’s standard smart cars, industrial ecology, road network facilities, regulatory standards, product regulation, and information safety systems are basically formed through partial or full years.
In addition to the 90 per cent coverage of the city's and highway's wireless communications network (lte-v2x), the high-precision time and space service in Beidou, the pre-positioning of the adas system in Desailawe since 2009 and the ongoing work on the related algorithmic studies, the 2d panoramic parking system developed by the company was used by Caddy Laker, which has already been produced and has achieved initial success.
The new generation of 2d/3d driving auxiliaries has also been developed in Dessahway, which, in addition to 360-degree loop back-up features, integrates automatic parking, collision alerts, traffic deviation alerts, pedestrian monitoring, etc., to the full effect of four cameras and multisensors. According to the offer note, the company plans to raise 4 million additional adas, and the future company adas system is promising.
In addition to this, there are multisensor sensors.
The smart cockpit was officially released at the cesasia exhibition in June 2017, where the smart cockpit was integrated into the adas function (automatic parking system, sensor system for up to 22 sensors).
The module consists mainly of four major product systems: a double 12.3-inch instrumentation navigation system, a panorama and automatic parking system, a streaming media backview system, and a sensor system.
Desailawe became the first member of the apollo ecology. Desaiway had previously developed jointly with 100-degree autopilots in the fields of dueros, high-precision maps and self-location, car environmental perception, and decision-making, to build a dedicated computing platform to support cars and achieve auto-drive production. On July 5, 2017, the Peduai Developer Conference was held in Beijing.
Dessehway was the first partner in apollo. The system of ecological partnerships was broad, with more than 50 members, including the company of Tier 1 in Desaillo, Bosch, 15 car companies, five well-known universities, and six government departments and agencies.
Apollo can be understood in the overall structure from the four levels of cloud service platforms, open-source software platforms, hardware layers platforms and vehicle platforms. Table 8: Deployment of car networks and intelligent driving with 100 degrees
On June 7, 2017, on the cesasia, 100 degrees signed a strategic cooperation agreement with car electronics manufacturers, including Texas. The collaboration took place in two dimensions: bcu (100-degree computing unit) and mapato (100-degree map car version). bcu (baidu computing unit) is the first in the country based on high-precision maps, combining information from sensors such as gps, cameras and imu.
Provision of a vehicle-borne hardware platform for autopilot, with two basic capabilities of information security and cloud updates, and three core modules of the ai: high-precision, environmental perception, decision-making planning, with three series of products developed: bcu-mloc (high-precision), bcu-mlop (high-precision + environmental perception), bcu-mlop2 (high-precision + ring)
At the time of the first publication of bcu in June, only Desailawy and Union Motors 2 manufacturers, of which Union Motors is a joint venture company of Bo. There are now a large number of auto parts and components in Bo, Mainland, Delfort, Ceefu, Texas, Huoyang, Roadshow, Acquaintance, Flying Songs, etc.
It is planned that only Desecway will be involved in the development of all three bcu. The target client of bccu is the entire car factory, the first samples of which will be produced after testing by Tier 1 and the entire car factory, in two years' time.
In November of that year, the alincar ecosystem was launched, and the Volkswagen Group, Chang An, Gilly, Biadi, and East Windy Willows have become the first companies to work with. In May 2017, a strategic cooperation agreement was reached between Desaixive and Twee State, focusing on close cooperation and a win-win platform in the implementation of a car smartness project.
Strong technical support from RTLN has been able to provide a full range of support to DeSessive with cloudy and big data processing capabilities, as well as time-out tethers with security, ai smart voice, intelligent travel, and information and entertainment services under a strong social account system, facilitating a transition from a car electronic hardware manufacturer to a soft, hard, smart driver solution provider.
Assumption 1: Assuming that the automobile market will grow at an average annual rate of about 7% over the next three years, and that the automobile electronics sector will grow at about 10%. As a leader in the industry, companies assume that the annual average sales of cooperative cars will be no less than the average increase in the automobile industry, and that the sales of vehicles carrying related electronic equipment will be no less rapid in the dry industry:
Assumption 2: The Māori ratio is lower than in the back-loading market as the company was primarily in the former position, assuming that the Māori ratio for future corporate owners is not less than 25 per cent: Scenario 3: Assuming that the company ' s adas operations are successful in production until 2019.
The average value of the electronics sector is 31 times higher, considering that the company is the leader in the automotive electronics industry, but is rated “buy-in” because of the coverage of the company’s business market. Companies and automobile sales are highly dependent, while the current rate of growth in the automobile industry tends to decline;
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.