With the winds of the cycle, the Chinese ship (600150) depth reports that the global price index has rebounded. The global dry bulk transport industry has experienced a global economic boom.
The Baltic dry bulk index (bdi index) is a barometer of the global economy. S0340522040001 entered 2023, and bdi and bdti began to bounce back and the market mood recovered.
Laxon expects that China's investment and consumption will be more supported and become the main driving force of China's economic growth. In addition, “energy security” and “food security” will continue to receive attention, and positive stimulus policies will have a better impact on selected shipping markets in 2023.
The price index for new ships continues to rise. The price index for new ships has risen to varying degrees since the second half of 2020, and the price of oil tankers has been more innovative. From 2021 to the present, China’s price index for new ships has also risen significantly, with all indices rising to high points in recent years, mainly nearer.
China’s shipyard’s share of new orders has increased year by year. Between January and September 2023, China’s shipyards ordered 57.34 million heavy tons, or 68.5% of the total, further increased their share of the world’s new receipts.
The first volume. South Korea receives 15.07 million heavy tons, or 18.00%, and South Korea ranks second in the world in the number of new orders. Japan receives 8.97 million revised tonnes, or 10.70%, and is ranked third. In 2022, the nine major shipbuilding groups held 75% of the world ' s share of orders.
In the first half of 2023, the company achieved a year-on-year increase in the number of private ship deliveries and a significant increase in income from ship construction; a net profit on repatriation of $553 million, an increase of 182.46 per cent over the same period; and a non-recurring deduction for company shareholders belonging to listed companies.
The net profit on sexual gains and losses of $117 million is attributable mainly to non-monetary exchange gains and losses of $534 million in non-monetary assets from the offshore high-bridge disposal platforms of companies' wholly-owned subsidiaries. The company has entered the performance period of the new ship cycle. At present, some of the more costly old orders have been delivered, along with upstream materials.
The price of the material has fallen and the pressure on the foreign exchange has improved considerably, and we expect companies to return to higher levels of profitability in the future.
The company’s bad asset and loss orders are phased out, and the price of swimming materials continues to fall.
1.1 The ship's industrial chain is divided into upstream (ship support, ship design, raw materials), middle- and downstream (shipbuilding enterprise/ships) and downstream (shipowners/shippers). The ship-building cycle is dominated by downstream shipowners as the shipping market.
In order to increase or maintain the current capacity, the shipowners will make new orders to the midstream shipyards and, upon receipt of the order, seek design from the upstream ship design firm at the shipowner's request, while purchasing raw materials from the ship-backed enterprise and ordering the package.
The ship's product is eventually produced and the ship is delivered to the ship's owner. 1.2 The Global Price Index (GMI) is backfired, and the ship-building industry has a cyclical character, with many factors affecting its cyclical nature.
The obvious externalities are cyclical fluctuations in the world economy, and the internal factors affecting the shipbuilding cycle are mainly about 25 years or so of a rounder ship renewal and investment cycle. The global dry bulk transport industry is closely linked to global economic development, the Baltic dry bulk index.
The bdi index is a barometer of the global economy. Since 2021, the global economy has recovered, demand in dry bulk transport markets has continued to outpace supply, with the impact of the epidemic, global ship turnover declining, and prices for all types of ships have averaged 2,943 points a year. In 2023, bdi and bdti moved back, and the city began to rebound.
The mood has recovered. Clarkson expects more support for China's investment and consumption and to be the main driving force behind China's economic growth. In addition, “energy security” and “food security” will continue to receive attention, and positive stimulus policies will have a better impact on some shipping markets in 2023.
Figure 3: Trends in the Baltic crude oil freight index (bdti) 1.3 The global new ship price index continues to rise.
High. From 2021 to the present, China’s new ship-building price index has also risen significantly, with all indices rising to high points in recent years, mainly due to a significant increase in orders over the last three years, the mismatch between production capacity and supply and demand, and continued high rates of innovation in shipbuilding. 1.4 Multiple factors drive the start of the ship cycle.
Imo has adopted a series of technical and operational measures to reduce carbon emissions from international ships, such as existing ship efficiency index (eexi) and carbon intensity index (cii), which are designed to help achieve imo by 2018.
The medium-term target set in the initial GHG reduction strategy is to reduce the carbon intensity of shipping unit transport activities by 40% by 2030 compared to 2008. The ship design energy efficiency index (eedi) under the existing convention framework will enter phase III ahead of schedule in 2022 to encourage new emission reduction mechanisms for ships, and new ships will implement the latest standards for ship design to meet higher standards.
Heavy carbon emission requirements. Eexi and cii will be formally implemented in 2023, with ballast water treatment systems installed for a final period of September 2024, old ships will need to be equipped with a variety of devices, which in turn will increase operating costs; mid-aged ships will be able to reduce host power and navigation
Rapid maintenance of active time, but also a disguised reduction in market power; new ships that meet the requirements can quickly shift towards alternative energy power, which will help to accelerate the recovery of the new ship-building market and push for a further flow of new ships. The demand for the replacement of the old fleet will be the main market. By the end of 2022, the global fleet was 16 years old, according to capacity.
The proportion of ships of age on board amounted to 23.6 per cent, and the proportion of ships over 20 years of age amounted to 7.1 per cent, which, with the landing of eexi and cii, would stimulate the re-adaptation of ships on the one hand and, on the other hand, would encourage shipowners to replace ships, which would result in a long replacement cycle and would also bring new orders to shipbreaking plants.
According to brs, as of 2022, the number of active global shipyards was only 301, well below the peak of 699 in 2007, a decline of more than 50%. Klausen estimated that global shipbuilding capacity in 2022 was 40% lower than it was 10 years ago, and was moderate or weak in the medium term.
At the end of September 2023, the volume of hand-held orders at the global shipyard could meet the workload for the next 3.5 years, up from 2.7 years in early 2021. At the same time, a ship’s hard-to-reach situation would also provide a better bargaining power for the shipyard.
2. Domestic ship-building orders continue to rise, with full benefit to the ship-building industry. 2.1 Global hand-held orders are rising, and China is leading the world in terms of number of orders.
According to Clarkson data, in 2022, the global shipbuilding product was 80.11 million tons, with a new order of 82.41 million tons, down from 2021, with a hand-held order of 215.65 million tons, up from 2021. In January-September 2023, the global shipbuilding product was 63.17 million.
Tons, 4.24 per cent more than year-on-year; 83.68 million loads of new orders, 38.25 per cent more than year-on-year; and 244.8 million loads of hand-held orders, 14.55 per cent more than year-on-year. In 2023, all three indices of global shipbuilding remained positive, with hand-held orders rising to almost seven years.
Figure 8: Three major indicators of the world shipbuilding industry (million tons) from 2013 to date. In 2022, 37.86 million tons of shipbuilding were completed nationally, a decrease of 9.08 per cent compared to the previous year; 45.52 million tons of new orders, a decrease of 26.95 per cent compared to the previous year; 105.57 million tons of heavy orders held in hand, an increase of 10.2 per cent, despite completion.
There has been a decline in the volume of new orders, but our three main indicators of shipbuilding continue to be the world's leading share in the international market, with shipbuilding, completion, new orders, hand-held orders amounting to 47.3 per cent, 55.2 per cent and 49.0 per cent of the world's total, respectively, and the number of shipbuilding completed between January and September 2023 amounting to 3,074 million tons, an increase of 10.58 per cent; the number of new orders is 10.58 per cent.
From January to September, China accounted for 48.7 per cent, 68.5 per cent and 54.7 per cent of the world market share of shipbuilding, new orders and hand-held orders, respectively, all of which were ranked first in the world. Figure 9: Three indicators of shipbuilding in China, 2010 to date (millions of tons)
On 6 April, Chinese ships signed a contract with France for the construction of 16 mega-containers valued at approximately 21 billion yuan; on 6 May, Chinese ships under the flag of Jiangnan signed a contract with the Singapore Shipping Company for the construction of 4 93,000 m3 of super-liquid transport vessels (vlac), which was also the first large liquid in the country.
2.2 The share of new orders from China ' s shipyards is increasing year by year, as measured by the number of new orders from major countries or regions around the world, and the Chinese and Korean fleet occupied the new ship-building market in 2022.
The largest share. Of these, China ' s new shipyard orders, 45.52 million, or 55.2 per cent, remain the first in four consecutive years in a single new global market. Korea receives 23.95 million, or 29.1 per cent, in a single capacity, and South Korea ranks second in the world in the number of new orders. Japan ' s new orders rank third in a year.
Between January and September 2023, China ' s new shipyard orders amounted to 57.34 million, or 68.5 per cent, and accounted for a step-by-step increase in the number of new orders worldwide. South Korea received 15.7 million, or 18.00 per cent, and South Korea ranked second in the world. Japan received 8.97 million, or 10.70 per cent, of new orders.
Figure 10: New ship orders from China, Japan and Korea from 2010 to date (in thousands of cases: new ship orders from China, Japan and Korea from 2010 to date) (%) 2022, in terms of heavy tonnage, the nine major ship-building groups worldwide held 75 per cent of the global share of orders, with a fleet of ships in China
The Group led the world by 21 per cent. Figure 12: Share of the 10 largest shipbuilding groups in the market in 2022 (%) Regionally, China, Korea and Japan each had 68 per cent, 92 per cent and 71 per cent of hand-held orders (in terms of heavy tons)
The number of orders held by the Chinese fleet (in terms of heavy tonnage) is 42% of China ' s ships, far above the average. Table 2: Hand held by the main shipyards in China, Japan and Korea as a percentage of their share in the country (%)
In November 2020, a new expansion of the global ship-building cycle began, with large increases in orders based on bulk and container ships, the main logic behind which was the liberalization of overseas controls and the recovery of trade, with greater global capacity.
By the end of 2021, the number of new ship orders from shipping companies began to increase significantly. The number of new shipping orders from ships was 454 worldwide, representing an increase of about 145 per cent, compared to 35 per cent in the previous year; the number of new shipping orders from container ships was increased by 35 per cent.
548, an increase of about 502 per cent, or 29 per cent, in comparison with the previous year. New global orders fell in 2022, but the demand for marine gas rose significantly, as a result of major changes in the way European gas is transported as a result of the Russian-Ukrainian war.
219, up from nearly six years, with a year-on-year increase of about 18 per cent, or 14 per cent. In the first three quarters of 2023, new ship orders for oil tankers, chemical vessels, bulk carriers increased at the highest rate of 400.00 per cent, 139.68 per cent, and 59.64 per cent, respectively. Russian oil exports were significantly affected by the European-American sanctions against Russia, and need was felt.
The transit through other countries has led to a significant increase in the distance and timing of oil shipments, and a significant increase in the demand for oil. As of now, this has facilitated more high-value-added orders for shipyards, while contributing to improved shipyard performance. 2.4 The capacity of domestic shipbuilding continues to improve.
Global container ship freight rates have risen dramatically, and new ship orders have broken out. The global new shipyard has continued to grow, with a steady recovery in the prices of new ships, with a focus on monitoring the continuous upturn in ship orders held by shipbuilders. In the fourth quarter, the international shipping market has been reshuffled by high shocks, the price index for new ships has risen, and the focus on monitoring the adequacy of shipbuilding orders held by shipbuilders.
At the end of the year, cci fell to 742 and the ring fell by 10 points, maintaining 2022. At the end of the quarter, the Russian war led to a rapid rise in commodity prices such as crude oil and natural gas, an active international shipping market, an increase in early indicators such as the Clark loose combined freight index and the new ship price index, and an increase in shipbuilders.
In the fourth quarter, the international shipping market fell high and the price of new ships stagnated, but the number of new ship orders rose, focusing on monitoring that the shipbuilding industry held sufficient orders, that the production task was full, and that capacity utilization was at a better level. At the end of the year, cci returned to 764 points.
2.5 Cost end: Shipboard steel prices have continued to fall, and shipboard production has remained high in recent years. Ship steel prices have fallen, helping to improve the profitability of shipbuilding enterprises.
3.1 China Ship Industry Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company” or “the Chinese ship”) is a listed company in the core civil-military industry of the China Shipping Group. Its main business includes shipbuilding (military, civilian), ship repair, marine workers.
As partners in the world's shipping industry, companies are pursuing a strategy of “quality development” to develop innovative capabilities, advanced management and sophisticated manufacturing processes, continuously introducing a range of large green and green ships and new shipboard products, and continuously leading the development of high-tech technology in the ship industry. Companies are currently the largest and most technologically advanced in the country.
An advanced and most fully structured flagship company with 3.2 state holdings and 4 subsidiaries, in terms of R & D, talent, size, product structure, as of 30 June 2023, owned by China Ship Industries Group Limited, the parent company of Chinese ships.
44.47% of the shares, indirectly holding 4.86% of the shares of Chinese ships through China Sea and Defence Equipment, Inc., and indirectly holding 1.09% of the shares of China Ship Investment and Development Ltd. through its wholly-owned subsidiary, with 50.42% of the voting rights of the company. China Shipping Industries Group Ltd. is the controlling shareholder of the company, the State Council.
The company has four holding subsidiaries and three participating companies. 3.3 The company is in a period of reversal of its performance under the new ship cycle.
In 2008, the global economic crisis began, global shipping demand declined, leading to a downward spiral in the ship industry, a sharp decline in corporate performance, and a continuing decline in net profits. In 2016-2017, companies made a partial transfer of low-value seafood contracts, with a significant increase in seafood products.
Impairment: On the other hand, affected by the appreciation of the renminbi and the rise in the prices of major raw materials such as steel, the erosion of hand-held contracts and the acquisition of Jiangnan Shipbuilding and Hiroshima International by the Department, with a substantial increase in the level of back-loading.
553 million yuan, an increase of 18246 per cent over the same period; net gains on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the company’s shareholders in the listed company – $117 million, mainly non-monetary exchange of assets resulting from the offshore shipyard disposal platform of the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary – $534 million. We believe that the company has entered the performance period of the new ship cycle, with the company’s bad assets.
The company ' s main revenue-generating operations are ship repair and marine engineering, mechanical and electrical equipment and power equipment (the power and equipment business industry ' s revenue was removed from the company ' s scope in the fourth quarter of 2022).
The revenue from marine engineering operations was $49,991 million and $28,144 million, respectively, representing total revenues of 83.94 per cent and $1,952 million respectively, representing 65.27 per cent and 84.27 per cent of the total. The Māori ratio for ship repair and marine engineering operations was self-high, with the impact of increased costs of materials procurement and rigid labour costs, as well as recent increases in exchange rates.
Upstream material and foreign exchange prices have declined significantly, and future Māori rates are expected to rise. Corporate Māori rates are more affected by bulk commodities and exchange rates. Māori sales by companies in the first half of 2023 were 7.59 per cent, equipment operations were no longer integrated into the company merger; on the other hand, Māori rates for ship construction were lower than in the previous reporting period.
Overall, corporate profitability has declined in recent years, mainly due to inflation-induced increases in the price of upstream raw materials, the calculation of partial asset impairments, the appreciation of the renminbi and an increase in capital use. At present, some of the more costly old orders have been delivered, while the prices of upstream materials have declined considerably.
Foreign-exchange pressure has also improved considerably, and we expect companies to return to higher levels of profitability in the future. This is due to a reduction in the cost of warranties for products: 25.46% in management costs, mainly for special-purpose expenditures.
China ' s ships are holding companies whose headquarters focuses on asset management, investment management, etc.; the company ' s enterprises independently operate as entities and deliver high-quality products to their customers through individualized line order production through prior product R & D and business billing. In the first half of 2023, the company continuously strengthened its fine-tuning tubes.
The company’s main business of building ships in Jiangnan, offshore high-bridge, Hiroshima International, and China’s four subsidiaries.
In the first half of 2023, Jiangnan successfully delivered the world ' s 93,000 cubic metres of double fuel vlgc and the world ' s 24,000 largest container ships; the world ' s 99,000 cubic metres (b) of the world ' s largest module was developed autonomously, and the 15,000-packed multi-fuel container vessel, methanol series, was ordered in bulk to take over 9,000 vehicles pctc optimize the ship.
In the first half of 2023, major nodes, such as the completion of the large-scale Chinese cruiser Ida Mordu, which was built off the bridge, were fully in the final stage of completion and delivery; 190,000 tons of dual-fuel bulk carriers were delivered and phased in.
Officials: 158,000 tons of Suez tankers continue to take orders, 114,000 tons of Avela oil tankers are ranked as the world's first to have more than 9,000 carts on a single basis of international share and influence. In the first half of 2023, out-of-country income from the master shipyard at High Bridge was $8.275 billion, an increase of 44.0 per cent; the net profit from repatriation was $212 million, a share of the same value.
In the first half of 2023, Hiroshima International successfully delivered 50,000 tons of autonomous R & D-designed tankers, “optimal upgrade” version of lrii ng/fuel double fuel-powered tankers for bulk acceptance and delivery, double fuel pctc lot orders, hands-on
In the first half of 2023, the net profit on international repatriation was $20 million, an increase of 32.8 per cent over the previous year. In the first half of 2023, China was able to fully implement the target of increased production, developing a plan for shipbuilding, focusing on the "absorption of goods."
Cracking, strengthening critical cycle controls, bulk delivery of bulk vessels, wood darts owners, production of “mass” “mass” “mass” double lifts; 10 more than 84500 heavy-use cranes, creating a new record of the largest number of individual projects and the largest single amount, and self-researching 82,600 tons of bulk ships, and the mur tankers, successively. In the first half of 2023, the China-China ship slashed the west.
The main business income is 2,775 million yuan, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother is 62 million yuan, an increase of 21.1 per cent over the same year. Companies are the leading global shipbuilders, with the largest number of orders in hand, while companies are also the most extensive in the domestic shipbuilding industry, and are expected to benefit fully from the shipbuilding cycle.
As a result of declining demand for shipping due to the global economic cycle, shipping costs have fallen sharply, leading to a significant contraction in new volumes of shipyards. The risk of large increases in raw material prices.
As the industry’s climate remains high, low-cost countries have adopted national policies to encourage the development of shipyards, leading to increased risks of competition in the industry. “positive” investors are only suited to use research that is no higher than “medium- and high-risk” risks, and “radical” investors are fit to use our divisions.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.