Short-term pressure on performance, waiting for high-end H2 output to be released South-West Securities Research and Development Centre product structure improved, with a similar increase in asp. At the end of the product, due to the low H1 light communications market in 2023
Minis, demand for company-owned products slowed, with spot-to-point module sales of 2.91 million, a decrease of 33.7 per cent over the same period; but benefited from an improvement in the structure of the company ' s products, with an increase in the share of high-end products, with an average unit price of $433.5, an increase of 31.4 per cent, with a recovery in demand for 400g products in the second half of the year, adding the ai-catalyzing the 800g data centre.
As demand rises, the company’s 800g product is expected to grow in q4 and the share of high-end products rises as a result of the continuous rise in the share of high-end products, leading to an overall high-quality growth. The wave has been a remarkable catalyst for the 800g/lpo/silicon light performance increase. Withchatgpt, Man.
The release of gpt-type applications, which are represented by the word of the heart, general questions, and so forth, activates a large model-based generation of artificial intelligence markets. The training and reasoning application of the big one model requires large-scale parallel data calculations, giving greater demand to the network bandwidth of the centre, and accelerating the development and application of high-speed light modules.
The matrix is rich and continuously forward-looking, focusing on new technologies in the industry, research on new products. In the high-end product domain, the 800g series of high-speed light module products, the 800g, 400g light module products based on silicon light solutions and the 400gzr/zr+ trunking module products, and the 800g, based on the lpo programme, have been successfully launched.
Light module products. The future is expected to benefit from downstream demand recovery, offshore plant capacity upgrading, and high-end products. New ebbing (300502): q3 performance over-expected, high-speed demand for offshore products (2022-10-28)
Trade friction in the US influences the company ' s supply chain stability risk, exchange gains and losses risk, etc. 1. Point-to-point module 1) 4.25g below point-to-point module product: the product is a low end class in the company ' s product, followed by high-speed product
The following products are no longer the core business of the company: (b) > 4.25g to light module products: benefiting from the accelerated pace of construction of mega-data centres by Internet manufacturers, both within and outside the country, as well as the warming of the 5g network, with demand for high-speed light modules of 100 g and above growing rapidly. (c) 800g in 2024
2-pon light module. The company pon light module has a stable capacity, assuming that its capacity utilization and sales rates remain stable. The overall volume of sales has declined considerably over 23 years, owing to downstream demand, with demand expected to recover in 24-25 years, with sales of 50 per cent cagr and price of -10 per cent.
We have selected three listed companies that are more similar to companies in the light communication industry as comparable companies, namely, center-to-media, technology-to-tech, and technology-to-work. The average number of companies compared to 22 years is 19.5 times that of averages, and 38.86 times that of 23 years. Aigc adds up to high-end products, and the company continues to operate well. We give the company 30 times that of 2024, the counterpart.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.