Performance exceeded the forecast ceiling and retrograders continued to increase in high volumes Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of high-speed inverter driven performance and traditional business dehumidifiers are expected
Inverse transformers: 22H1 earned $1,149 million, compared to +198 per cent, and in the second quarter of the year, the traditional gyro-cum-sea operations: the heat exchange still showed fatigue, with the humidifier earning 280 million, compared to +49.34 per cent, and the sales on the line were excellent, with the traditional humid rate growing throughout the year in the second half of the year.
The firm’s prices compare to the trend of 300 deep, with the accurate positioning of reversible products + multi-market dynamics + the arrival of new production, and with an increase in market share. The company’s products are well-positioned and fast-paced.
q4 plans to launch business products, which are expected to continue to have an advantage in markets such as the United States and South Africa. The pace of market growth in Europe is beginning to show that companies are putting high-pressure products into the German-speaking region, upgrading and upgrading their local hot-market models, and that companies still have great potential in European markets.
• The company has a traditional industry gene, a significant cost-reducing capability, a steady increase, a company that has been working on circuit control products for many years, cost-end purchases, technology-reduced products.
There is still room for further improvement in the Māori rate, with a clear build-up of the gbt’s national production. The demand for domestic savings from overseas has erupted, companies are growing at a high rate, and we have raised earlier profit forecasts, demand has fallen short of expected risks, the risk of higher prices of raw materials, and the risk of an increased epidemic.
2. German shares 2022 Quarterly Review: Inverter
This report is presented independently and objectively, using information that is legally complied with. The data and information used in this report are from the market, and I am aware of this.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.