Reverser's coming up, looking for follow-up storage and micro-reverse continued release, \triangleright, 18/08/2022.
In 22 years, H1's total cargo reversors were 39.34 million, \triangleright 10,000, +198.47 per cent, and the co-linkers 114,000, +66.91 per cent.
The transformational business generated 1,149 million yuan, compared to +198.42 per cent, raising its share of the company ' s total operating income to 48.91 per cent, becoming the company ' s top operating block. The company is now autonomous in the development of reverse products such as three flats vpwm-driven technology, a single three-chained-link technology and solar control systems with mppt algorithms.
With regard to the storage of energy reversibles, the company’s product is now automatically switched off the grid to milliseconds.
S01052111006 ensures critical loads of ongoing electricity; and, in the case of reversifiers, the direct-flow and exchange side matching of corporate products is 1.5 times higher, system optimization is achieved on the straight-flow side, effectively reducing electricity costs and yielding higher returns to clients.
Guo Yingzheng, Geopolitics Catalyzing Reserves and Micro-Reverse Demand.
Power generation costs have increased significantly, resulting in high electricity prices, which have stimulated rapid growth in demand for European households; in addition, the Russian-Turkish conflict has led to energy stress, high global temperatures in the summer, and conflicting electricity supply and demand have highlighted the sharp rise in electricity prices, the benefits of mlpe power generation, and the current cost of micro-reversible and optimizers.
The gap is narrowing, and demand is expected to rise slightly more economically and economically in a small- and medium-power scenario. The igbt national production process is ahead of the curve and provides a strong supply. The igbt accounts for a larger share of the cost of the inverter, and the German shares (605117.sh) are now reported for the year 2021:
\triangleright Reverser business has increased, looking at subsequent storage and micro-reversible and continuing, domestic self-sufficiency rates are low, while the ratio of corporate igbt nationalization has continued to rise and clients are more concerned.
Quantities 2022/04/21 igbt have been validated and accepted by clients.
Home power is stable, and demand is growing steadily. The company has the development and production capacity of two key technologies, namely, heat exchangers and switching control chips, and is developing environmental electrical products, such as dehumidifiers, solar air conditioning, etc.
In 22 years, the company ' s h1 dryer business received $280 million, or +49.34 per cent, representing 11.80 per cent of total operating income. The company ' s wetter function was adequate to meet the needs of the mainstream market and continued to perform first in the sale of single items in online shopping platforms such as Kyoto and Skycat.
Investment proposal: The current high profile of the photovoltaic and storage industries continues to benefit from the inverter chain.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.