q2 performance is strong, the inverter business continues to grow, the inverter (605117.sh) the inverter continues to grow at a high rate, and the product and channel competitiveness is increasing.
The influence of Lochyang, the global energy problem, was highlighted by the strong demand in the foreign household reversor market, which contributed to a significant increase in corporate inverter business revenues and profits. In addition to market factors, the company itself was able to increase its income and profits by the same time.
We expect that the global energy restructuring will be the main theme for the next few years, and that if production expands smoothly, the process of substitution will continue.
With the continued expansion of overseas markets, the company ' s inverter business is expected to remain super-high for three to five years, and the exchange rate of raw materials will boost profitability.
Environmental appliances, such as wet machines, have also grown considerably. The company is the leader in the field of domestic dehumidifiers. During the 618th year, the company's sales of dehumidifiers crossed the $100 million mark, exceeding the same 60% increase, and maintained the top of the platform's products for seven consecutive years, with the exception of the company.
In addition to the strong demand for products such as inverters, except wet machines, a significant increase in company q2 performance has been due to: (1) a sharp fall in the price of raw materials since q2 and (2) a depreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar, which has had a positive impact on the company’s export operations.
On July 6, the company launched a draft 22-year equity incentive scheme to award no more than 5.10125 million shares to 312 incentive recipients.
It includes German variants (reverse changers, transformer controllers, etc.), German appliances (environmental appliances, etc.) and company head office directors, executives, and core personnel.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: price increases in raw materials, downstream industrial fluctuations, dependence on the first customer, exchange rate \triangleright fluctuations, shortage of electronic components, foreign trade policy and risk of deterioration of the international situation.
He worked in the tp-link hardware development department for the development of commercial communications equipment.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.