Inverse changer operations are growing at a very high speed, driving q2 performance above expectations Events: On 17 August 2022, German shares published semi-annual reports, corporate German shares in the first half of 2022 (605117.sh)
The realization of operating income of 2,373 million yuan, or +23.26 per cent, and the realization of a net return to the mother of 450 million yuan, together with the higher-than-expected growth of the inverter business, combined with market expansion and product research and development to enhance competitiveness. \triangleright
2022H1 Reverser operations generated $1,149 million, i.e. +198.42 per cent, and the share of the company's total revenues rose to 48.91 per cent, making it the company's top operating block.
In other words, the sales revenue of the mini-connectivity revers were +462.02 per cent, the storage revers were +241.63 per cent, the co-coupled revers were +91.1 per cent, and at the end of the channel, companies were expanding emerging markets while upgrading their pre-existing market presence and creating Singapore subsidiary deye
Inverter, based on Singapore's geographical advantage, links to customers in South-East Asia, the Middle East, and Australia markets. At the research and development end, storage inverters add a single low pressure series of 16kw, three high pressure series of 15kw and three high pressure series of 50kw, with a chained and network inverter power section extending to 120kw--
150kw, the product categories are further enriched to meet the needs of a larger number of customers. The share of heat exchangers is further reduced by the humidifier. 2022h1 company's humidifier product yields $280 million, or +49.34%. The company's humidifier product is sophisticated, intelligent, and more expensive.
In addition, the company's construction of a factory “Project for the Production of Production Lines for Environmental Electrical Series of 715,000 annuals” has been substantially completed, and future capacity will be expanded.h1.
The company ' s primary thermal exchange generated operating income of 901 million yuan, corresponding to 30.34 per cent of the year, the total collection of raw materials, such as aluminium, falling prices, lower average prices of the heat exchange, which led to a decline in the harvest, while the heat exchange business profit space was compressed.
q2 There has been a significant increase in profitability. The Māori rate for H1 in 2022 was 27.43%, and the profitability of the same Division has increased significantly. We believe that the main reasons are: 1) The higher profitability of corporate reverses and dehumidifiers, and their higher share has led to a significant increase in profitability: 2)
Prices of raw materials have declined in bulk, and production costs have decreased: 3) The renminbi exchange rate has increased the profits of its operations.
Increase in loans from Sinda Securities Inc.: accounts receivable and notes totalling $415 million, +27.79 per cent year: 22h1 issue cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
At the end of the period, the inventory/receivable turnover days were equal to +14.76-4.65 days, with a turnover rate of +14.76-4.65 days.
Improved cash flow. 3) Net operating cash flow of company h1 is 432 million yuan, equivalent to +118.02 per cent; net operating cash flow of q2 single quarter is 537 million yuan, equal to profit forecast: double advantage of global photovoltaic policy support and continued competitiveness of the company ' s market
Under \triangleright, we believe that the company's inverter business will continue to grow, driving the company's performance up sharply, while the dehumidifier business is expected to continue to grow. We expect the company's operating income to be different for 22-24 years.
\triangleright Shortage, global policy changes in the photovoltaic industry, internal and external outbreaks, concentration of online sales, etc. A master's degree. Used to work in commercial communications equipment development at the tp-link hardware development department.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.