Deep-farming growth hormones, high-speed sails, long springs and high-rises (000661), and the creation of the strongest growth hormone combinations, with long-acting formulations in the air.
The company continues to lead innovation in the field of growth hormones, leading the way in the development of marketed short-acting powders, short-acting water needles and long-acting water needles, forward-looking layout of oral sugar needles, formulations and specifications that are the best in the country, with the most advanced new adaptive conditions.
Rich. Single-parent growth hormone water needle iv clinical period will be completed as scheduled, into fast-discharge periods, short-term water pin competition is not expected to be marketed in one year, and growth hormones are less powerful.
The rate of penetration of the domestic growth hormone market is as low as 1%, there is a 25-fold difference in the amount of the per capita growth hormone drug used in China and the United States, and there is much room for improvement in the use of the growth hormone drug. The benefits of increased consumption, the liberalization of the second child, and health-care education are increasing, the penetration of the domestic growth hormone market is increasing, the patient ' s use of the drug is increasing, and the market is high.
If market penetration rises to 5%, three more long springs will be created. The re-organisation of ovary hormone import substitution is expected to accelerate.
yangouwen@cczq.com benefits from the full release of the second child, and the market for assisted reproductive medicines is expected to maintain a high growth rate, looking at the reorganisation of ovarians and the continuous increase in hormone market penetration. Reorganizing the domestic market for ovarians is 3.6 billion, and recombining the long spring and high spring.
Fan Hung Bo is the country's first national model of ovarian hormones, as the sole national product plate, the provincial bidding process, good competition patterns, branding effects in the field of endocrinal disease medicine, plus marketing focus, and it's going to help grow.
The warmth of the industry + overseas expansion + heavy pounds of new products, the continuation of high growth in vaccine operations The warmth of the vaccine industry has brought about the need for rapid release and the return of 100 grams of live vaccine to high growth;
External markets have expanded well, with massive exports to India, and multinational registrations have advanced well, bringing new bright spots of growth; the Myifon rabies vaccine production process has been resolved and will contribute to an increase in performance; and the nasal inflammation live vaccine is expected to be marketed in 2018, with exclusive nasal inoculations expected to contribute to 300 million pounds of heavy product.
For the first time, it covers the "upgrade" rating.
Anticipated: vaccine safety risks: New drug development is slow to go on the market: real estate is highly volatile. Fukuwa, Fukuda, Fukuwa 6 free-trade company, China (Sichuan) experiment
17 Central China Sea International Center, 177, Inc., is focusing on the reorganization of protein drugs, supported by vaccines, Chinese medicine and real estate development.
Grow hormones lead companies, continuing innovation, building up the strongest combination of growth hormones, and having a rich variety of already marketed and researching potential heavy. In the medium and long term, companies are working in the field of deep-growing hormones, building the strongest combination of growth hormones, with a stronger position.
The domestic growth hormone market has low penetration, high spatial penetration, increased consumption and second-born liberalization, high-scenes long hormone markets, high-speed growth opportunities for the leading companies, high-speed market penetration rates, which will recreate several long springs and high-rises. Domestic reorganizers are pushing the ovarian hormone market by 3.6 billion, and companies have domestic acclaims.
An imitation of varieties, large import substitution space, and the liberalization of second-born benefits are expected to provide a sustained increase in performance; rich, multilayered research and development pipeline layouts covering the areas of recombinant proteins and monodrugs, vaccines, chemicals and Chinese medicine, with a high potential for heavy varieties, provide companies with sustained and rapid growth dynamics.
In the short term, the company ' s long-acting growth hormone IV clinical trials will be completed on schedule and will enter the release period, adding up to three or four seasons of sale, and the core growth hormone business is expected to continue to outperform expectations; the marketing focus, with a significant increase in the proportion and cost of sales personnel, will contribute to the rapid upswing of the heavy weight product; and the vaccine industry will return to a warmer phase, which is about to be released.
The growth of overseas markets has been successful, with a high rate of growth in 100 grams of phoenix vaccine for one to two years; the elimination of the rabies vaccine will lead to an increase in sales contribution performance.
Markets have doubts about the sustainability of the high growth of corporate growth hormones, and we believe that the core logic for high growth sustainability is that: 1) the growth hormone market is in a constant high state. From an international perspective, the four largest growth hormone giants have seen their first upturn in sales in five years; from a domestic perspective, rising consumption and second-child liberalization have brought domestic markets.
The increase in the penetration rate, and the increase in medical education by listed companies has led to an increase in the use of medicines by patients, which is more difficult to reverse in the medium term; in contrast to the US and China, the per capita amount of medication used by the target population in the country is starting to run into the release period.
With the completion of the iv phase of clinical trials, clinical evidence of effectiveness is fully accumulated, marketing ends are strongly focused, and long-activating growth hormones will enter the rapid release phase.
Markets underestimate the potential of corporate reorganizers for ovarian hormones, and we think: 1) full release of two children, a long-term trend leading to high levels of assisted reproductive medicines, with reorganizing human ovarian hormones as the largest class of ovarians, with 46% of the city in 2016, with a rising trend; 2) long spring high in the history of growth hormones.
The new re-protein drug development and production levels have been fully validated, and there is no difference in the re-organizer's ovary hormone quality level compared to Merk Sherano, provincial tenders remain intact, based on several years of branding and marketing experience in the field of high springs and new endocrines, and in the field of growth hormones, Merk Shelano has been fully developed.
In crowding out the Chinese market, we believe that it is only a matter of time before the market is replaced by a high proportion of the market in Changchun, after the marketing boom; (3) we have calculated that a 30 per cent increase in the market for ovarian hormones by the new recombinant in Changchun can contribute $268 million to the net profit of the mother, more than half the high amount of the market.
The first coverage is rated as “enhanced.” Combined, we believe that the company is about to complete clinical trials with long-acting growth hormones, with sales focused on growth hormones and human-promoting ovarian hormones, as well as a hundred.
In 1993, Changchun was one of the first companies to be listed in the north-east and experienced the 2006 stock market.
The separation of the reforms and the non-reimbursable transfer of state-owned shares in 2015, with the Changchun People ' s Government, as the final owner of the company, remaining stable, with an indirect share of 22.36%. The other agencies or natural persons together hold 77.64% of the shares, 2.20 years of intensive management, and four business platforms supporting diversification.
In 2004, it created 100 grams of life and stripped of living organisms, gradually developing the production of biopharmaceuticals for genetic engineering, complemented by integrated companies in Chinese medicine and real estate. Four major business platforms under the company’s umbrella are the Kinsai Pharmacy (genetic engineering re-engineering proteins), 100 grams of life.
After 20 years of development, the market and development of the core heavy-pound growth hormone series have not only filled the gap in my country’s genetic pharmaceuticals, but have also achieved a more than 40-fold increase in market value, from 600 million to nearly 25 billion.
3. The growth of the main camp accelerated, the Māori rate reached an all-time high, the impact of events, the growth of the main camp income slowed briefly, and the company was fully out of the valley in 2016, with the main business back on track.
Over the long term, Māori participation in the biopharmaceutical industry has been increasing, particularly since 2016. Māori participation in the biopharmaceutical industry has remained relatively stable for the long term, at 90.7%, with 90.7% of Māori in biopharmaceuticals.
Figure 4: Composition of Changchun and Māori and Māori growth Figure 5: Change in Māori rate of Changchun and Māori
1. The growth performance of the core engine, the growth hormones and human ovarians, was accelerated. The growth hormones business was a key motor energy. The gold pharmaceutical industry started the growth of the core proteins platform for listed companies.
Founded together by Changchun and Kim, with 70% and 24% shareholdings. Kim's net profit contribution from listed companies was 85.85%. As Asia's largest reorganizer growth hormone producer, Kim's pharmaceutical industry emerged rapidly from the short-term impact of the 2014 Changsha incident, with operating revenues and net revenues in 2017 h1
Profits are growing faster, entering a new round of high-growth growth. The gold industry is 26.6% net of the parent company, an increase of 3.62 percentage points. Growth hormones are the core business of the gold industry.
Three human growth hormone products were injected with recombinant growth hormones (short-lasting powders), recombinant growth hormone injection fluids (short-lasting water pins) and polyethanol recombinant growth hormone injection fluids (long-acting water pins). According to data from pdb sample hospitals, in 2016, the recombinant growth hormones earned 80 per cent.
In the field of deep-cultivated growth hormones, the most powerful combination of products, growth hormones are used mainly for the treatment of dwarves.
Reassembled growth hormones are used, both domestically and internationally, primarily to treat dwarfism, whose effect is to promote growth in the height of children is internationally recognized. Shortness causes are complex, and internal growth hormones are lacking. Shortness means that children are younger than the same age.
On average, the gender is two standard deviations or less than the 3th percentile. Short-deficiency disorders are more frequent, mainly internal growth hormone deficiency (ghd), episodic shortness (iss), smaller than the child ' s reproductive age (sga), and chromosome diseases (including turner syndrome, noonan syndrome, shox genetic defects, prader-willi).
Growth hormones have been developed since clinical application for about five generations, with natural growth hormones, protein growth hormones, and early restructuring of human growth hormones (package).
The clinical phase-out has taken place, and the current global clinical application is basically the fourth generation, recombinant growth hormones, produced with the original nucleic secretion expression technology (or the true nuclear cell expression technology). The most recent generation of long-acting recombinant growth hormones (the fifth generation) is due to long half-life, low injection frequency, patient dependence,
The growth hormones sector is inflamed with innovation, and the gas quality of leaders has never changed. In 1998, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry filled the country with China’s first dose of recombinant growth hormone powder.
In 2005, the Golden Race drug industry, which lasted for more than four years, overstretched the problem of growth hormone instability in water solutions, launched Asia’s first regurgitator hormone water needles. Compared to the frozen dry powder, the water needles were completely avoided.
The combination of protein molecules has led to an adverse reaction and reduced effectiveness, which has increased the safety and effectiveness of the product. In 2014, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, developed over 10 years, pioneered the first long-acting peg-restructuring human growth hormones globally.
In September 2017, the Kinsai pharmaceutical mother, Chang-Yun, invested $15 million in the American revolutionary drug delivery development company rani therapueutics to acquire its oral sugar capsule technology and forward-looking layout.
Development of hormonal sugar needles. If developed, repeated injections of end-of-growth hormones for sustainable use are brought to Kinsey’s home-state model for growth hormones, where the most adaptive expansion takes place.
The market share of Merk Shelano, who was pushed by the growth hormones of the Golden Race drug industry, declined rapidly and officially exited from the Chinese market in 2014. The domestic growth hormone market is dominated by three countries. According to data from urban public hospitals in 2016, the Kinsey Medicines industry is unique, with a city share of 61.4%, Ancobiology and Union competitions.
There are two or three separations, with 20.2%, 15.9%, and 3 market shares totalling nearly 98%. The gold-spill industry has the most complete growth hormone categories, including short-term powder, short-effect water, long-acting water needles.
These are mainly short-lived water needles and short-acting powders, with the highest share of short-acting needles, 57.2 per cent of the exclusive species of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry, 42.7 per cent of the short-acting powder, and a relatively small share of long-acting water pins in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry, due to their short period of time on the market, which is at the post-market stage of clinical iv.
From the middle of 2017 growth hormone products, the largest number of the 11 provinces in the Golden Race drug industry, the iu/kg/day dosage of the Golden Race drug industry, with a treatment cycle of one year, estimates the annual cost of treatment of the various growth hormone products.
The cost of treatment is about 16,300,000 per year. It is lower than for the Anco Biology and the United Syllot. The annual cost of treatment for short- and long-lasting water needles in the gold-track medicine industry is 30,300 and 10.32 million, respectively.
The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry digs deep into the potential of growth hormones, and new adaptive conditions are most abundant. Reassemble human growth hormones are used in the country primarily to treat dwarf diseases, which are complex because of the complexity of their composition, to tap into the full range of recombinant growth hormone products, that is, to help expand the potential market space and to upgrade the product core.
According to the progress made in the registration of new adaptives, the fastest-growing echelons of growth hormone products in the gold-track pharmaceutical industry, with the most comprehensive coverage, the core competitive advantage is expected to continue in the medium to long term. Although the Anco Biological Short Water Pips began production in August 2017, full listing is still subject to technical review and local bidding.
And Anko biolong water needles are still in the clinical stage of iii, and it is not expected to affect the strong operational position of the Golden Race drug industry in two years. Long-activating growth hormones are released at this point, contributing significantly to the incremental performance period.
Long-activation is the trend towards the development of protein polypne. Protein polypium is a drug whose long-activities can be significantly enhanced by high molecular weight, steady characterization, high renal filtration, generally shorter half-lives and frequent use of drugs.
Half-life and activity improve patient dependence. Long-activities are therefore the development and application of protein polypneal drugs, and long-acting preparations are listed in a much wider market space. According to the history of the global 4-pound recombinant protein drugs, long-acting agents are listed in a rapidly expanding market space.
In 2007, the fifth full sales year after the listing of the long-acting formulation, the short-acting formulation neupogen had a global sales value of $1,277 million, and the long-acting formulation neulasta had a global sales value of $4,277 million.
In addition, the recombinant anti-aemia drug has an anti-septic agent (epogen), and the recombinant anti-viral hepatitis drug has an interferon alpha-2b (intron-a), which has a 33% and 78% coverage in the fifth year of its long-acting agent on the market, respectively.
In the second year after the first global long-acting agent was listed on the co-existing market with causative viii, 18% of the share was quickly obtained in a large number of short-acting formulations. As a result, the market space would be expanded considerably after the reorganisation of long-acting preparations for proteins, which would increase rapidly compared to short-acting formulations.
For the second full sales year, the clinical completion of the iv period and the approval of new adaptive conditions will open up the gold race long-acting water pins.
The market is relatively low because of the short period of time on the market. The clinical trials of the long-acting needles are now well under way, and it is expected that the 2000 tests will be completed this year. We expect that, as their safety and effectiveness are confirmed in large-scale applications, more mini-disorder-related new adaptive disorders will be approved, and the Golden Race drug industry will grow hormones.
Water needles are about to enter the fast-discharge period, and it is expected that the growth hormone market space will be significantly expanded, and that a substantial increase in performance will be expected for listed companies. 4. Growth hormones are high, and market penetration will recreate several long springs and highs.
According to Bloomberg, the world’s top four brands have recovered significantly for the first time in the year, with sales amounting to $2,486 million, an increase of 4.35% compared to the previous year, and the international growth hormone market is showing signs of recovery. According to data from urban public hospitals in the country, the sales of growth hormones in 2016 were 8.6%.
Billions, 21 per cent more than the same year, while sales of hormonal preparations dropped sharply to 6 per cent. The domestic market for long hormones has a high profile, which we expect to benefit mainly from an increase in consumption and an increase in market penetration due to the full release of second-born children, as well as an increase in health-care education, which has resulted in an increase in the average length of drug use by patients.
According to the city’s public hospital sales, three or four quarters sold the growth hormone season, and three or four quarters of 2016 earned 56.7% of the year’s growth hormone sales.
The domestic growth hormone market has a low penetration rate of less than 1%. We calculated the domestic growth hormone market penetration rate in 2016, with a market penetration rate of 0.99% for recombinant growth hormone drugs for 7.36 million persons aged 0-14 years. Even assuming that there are no ultra-adaptive drugs, only endogenous growth is taken into account.
The following is a detailed process for estimating the penetration rates of the domestic growth hormone market: 1. Reorganizing human growth hormone drugs is used mainly for children 0-14 years of age:
(c) The cost of growth hormone treatment is estimated at an average provincial price of the pharmaceutical product in the gold races of 2017;
There is a significant difference in the amount of medicines used per person for growth hormones in Central America. The primary population of re-organizing growth hormones is children and adolescents, with about 230 million children aged 0-14 years in 2016, an estimated 61 million in domestic re-organizing growth hormone sales, and an estimated $1,806 million in re-organizing growth hormone sales (equivalent to about 12.1 billion yuan).
Assuming that there is a similar incidence of Dwarfs in China and the United States, there is a 25-fold gap in drug use in the country, and there is a significant increase in demand. The growth hormone market penetration rate will recreate several long springs and highs.
Long hormone sales earns 61.38% of the market for growth hormones in the Golden Race drug industry. Assuming that the market rate is constant in the Golden Race drug industry, when the market penetration rate for growth hormones is raised to 5% in the regrouped population, there are 3,681 million patients receiving treatment, and the Golden Race drug industry's growth hormone business will contribute $5.56 billion in sales revenue.
With a net profit contribution of 1,434 million, based on a net profit of 485 million in 2016, the Golden Race will recreate three long springs.
ovulation drugs are an important method of treating infertility caused by ovulation disorders. The rate of infertility among women of childbearing age is about 10% in the country, and it is increasing year by year. The causes of infertility are complex, including, inter alia, changes in tubal tracts, ovulation disorders, uterine factors, cervical factors and other factors.
By 32%, ovulation with ovulation drugs is important for treating infertility caused by ovulation disorders. Reorganisation of ovarian ovarian hormones has the highest rate of ovulation drugs. There are eight major types of ovulation drugs in the country, and the reorganisation of human ovary hormones, urinary ovary ovary hormones, and urinary stimulation, according to the sale of urban public hospitals in 2016.
The reorganizers’ push for ovarian hormones have gradually increased. The second child benefits have been fully liberalized, and the domestic push for ovarian ovarians have remained relatively high.
The annual growth rate is 17.11%. In terms of market occupancy, the gap between reorganizing human ovary hormones and the second urinated ovarian ovarian hormones is gradually increasing, and we expect that patients who are mainly reorganizing ovarian ovarian hormones will have a higher acceptance rate.
This includes the Merk Shellano Reassembble Man's Pulse Pulse Water and Powder, and the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry's Powder. The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals Industry was listed in the national market in 2015 with Pulsing Man, the first of its kind. According to the 2017 provincial winning bid, the highest number of Pulse Provinces was 10.
It is estimated that the cost of recombinant treatment of ovarian ovarians is $6775, close to the Merck powder, which is 15% lower than the Merck water pin. We believe that the recomposition of ovarian ovarian hormones is well organized and competitive in the winning provinces and in the winning prices.
According to data from municipal public hospitals, the sale of ovarian hormones by domestic reorganizers in 2016 was estimated to be 3.666 billion, and we expect ovarian ovary hormones to be more than 69 million, due to short marketing times.
Only 1.88% of women aged 20-29 years are the main reproductive force in the country, with an estimated 3.6 million ovarians, an estimated 489,000 patients receiving treatment at the winning average price in 2016, and a reorganisation of the market penetration rate of 13.48%. Assuming the penetration rate of the market remains constant, the market is still running.
Industrial reorganizers raised the market for ovarian hormones by 30%, and sales revenues are expected to exceed 1 billion dollars, with a net profit bonus of 268 million dollars. The benefits of the second child liberalization, reorganizing the market for ovarian hormones, and market penetration are expected to further increase the net profit contribution of ovarian recombinants in the gold-track pharmaceutical industry.
6. Rhg-csf and rhgm-csf gels will remain relatively stable in the future or otherwise. Reassemble human cell concentration factors can contribute to the growth, fragmentation and maturity of blood-producing cells, which are neutral particles associated with the treatment of release therapy, first introduced in the clinical guidelines at home and abroad.
Reassembled human cell clustering factors are divided into short and long-lasting effects, with international market long-acting formulations dominated (peg-rhg-csf) and the domestic market dominated by short-lived (rhg-csf). More than 20 enterprises in the country are listed in rhg-csf products, and the market is more competitive.
According to data from urban public hospitals, the sales of rhg-csf in 2016 were $2.13 billion, and the combined growth rate in 2013-2016 was -3%. The top three countries in 2016 were Chilu Pharmacy, Consorption and Fermented Apertures, and Hax Organisms, accounting for 43.8%, 10%, and 6.8% respectively.
The pharmaceutical industry rhg-csf, with a market share of 2.89% in 2016, has grown steadily since 2013, but has contributed more steadily to the performance of listed companies by a relatively small base. With the growing maturity of the domestic rhg-csf market, the performance of the gold-spill pharmaceutical industry rhg-csf is expected to be relatively stable in the context of the trend of long-acting preparations to replace short-acting formulations.
Kinseyrgm-csf gels will be sold in the future or will decline a little. The gold racing pharmaceutical industry will restructure the human particle cell megaphages. The irritant gel (rhgm-csf gel) is the country's only external rhgm-csf gel for deep burns and surface healing. We expect that Kinseyrhgm-csf gel will be sold for 80 million domestic sales in 2016, as a result of the fact that it will be sold in 2016.
Without entering the new version of the Health Insurance Directory in 2017, there may be a slight decline in future sales earnings. 7. The two microballo formulations are well developed, and the future space is worth looking forward to the successful development of the Orchopon microballo formulation, the only one in the country.
In 2016, the city’s public hospital sold 2.03 billion dollars, with Novartis alone, accounting for 57% of the market share, and the country’s best-performing product, 17% of the city’s average.
In 2016, the city accounted for 3%, rising steadily since 2013, with sales increasing more in tandem with the country’s ostrich market, and a slower trend since 2013. The development of Ostrich microball formulations for the Kinsey pharmaceutical industry is well under way and has been approved for clinical stage.
The dose significantly reduced the frequency of injections one or three times a day to one every four weeks, thus significantly increasing patients ' dependence. The country ' s Neotra microballs were approved for sale only by the Novartis family, and were marketed in 2013, and sales to urban public hospitals reached 113 million in 2016, with an annual compound growth rate of 32%.
The only one in this section is the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals, which, if well listed, will gain a pre-emptive advantage, enrich the Golden Race Pharmacy Otraxy and hope to significantly increase the market share of the Golden Race Pharmacy Otrapium.
In 2016, the public hospital in the country sold 1.05 billion dollars in trauprin. Four of the country ' s companies, including epoch and Fabulin medicine, were on the market.
In 2016, the market share was only 1% for the traiprin industry, an increase of 13.2% over the previous year, slightly higher than the market as a whole. No long-acting preparations were available in the country, and the product was short-lived. The patient needed a long-term daily injection to maintain the treatment.
The development of microball agent has been successfully approved for clinical trial, with the Leather Group and Greenleaf pharmaceutical, into the first stage of the development of the country's trauprin microball agent, with no competition for the same type of imported product, the marketing end focusing on the accelerated release of heavy-pound varieties in the pharmaceutical industry.
Faster marketing and cost inputs, growth hormones and ovarians are expected to be rapidly released. By personnel structure, the increase is 10 percentage points compared to 2013. At the cost side, the cost of marketing by listed companies has accelerated since 2016, with sales costs of 2017h1 rising further to 64.6 per cent over the same period, far beyond the same period.
We expect a rapid increase in the share of corporate sales workers and in the cost of sales, mainly due to the contribution of the subsidiary Golden Race Pharmaceuticals, where the marketing focus is expected to accelerate the use of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals, and heavy weight on the growth hormone series, especially long-acting growth hormones, while helping to increase the potential.
The rapid incubation of ovarian hormones by breeders has created a significant new growth pole for companies. Figure 25: Trends in the personnel structure of the new business in the long spring, Figure 26: Trends in the cost of the new sales in the long spring, as compared to the growth trend
Industry warming + overseas expansion + heavy pounds of new products on the market, 100 grams of vaccine and 100 grams of biovaccination are back on track. 100 grams of biology were created in 2004 to become the only vaccine business platform under the flag of a listed company, after re-placing the living organisms.
Limefoon has also acquired a variety of human rabies vaccine (vero cells), an autonomous water vaccine developed in 2008 was marketed for pox detoxification, a 25 per cent shareholding of the Dutch company Mucosis in 2014 and a Minopath technology authorization to accelerate the development of a new nosy flu detoxification vaccine.
The effects of the “negative rabies vaccine incident” were followed by a brief decline in performance and a gradual recovery. In the first half of 2017, 100 grams of organisms returned to high-growth areas, with net gains of 127% and 61%, respectively.
A live vaccine against chicken pertussis is the main tool for preventing and controlling it. The pox is caused by the hydropox-trapped herpe virus (vzv). Acute and highly contagious diseases are common in childhood. Children are exposed to systemic rashes, fever, and are prone to serious complications such as skin infections, encephalitis, and pneumonia.
Prevention of the control of pox. The most widely used vaccine is the zillion vaccine. The domestic commercialized zillion vaccine is produced using all the 0ka strains (separated from Japan in 1972).
The market for vaccinations against chicken pertussis in the country comes from the incremental market. According to the literature, vaccination coverage is high, with over 80% of children aged 2 years and over, so the market for the annual increase in the number of newborns who reach the age of 1 year is 16.92 million and 1.65 million children aged 1 year, respectively, one dose per person, with an average of one dose per person.
The price is 135 yuan per year, and the domestic market space in 2016 is about 2.2 billion yuan. Based on the data issued by the Central Court of Justice, we estimate that in 2015 and 2016, the rate of supply of live water pox vaccines for incremental market demand was 90.6%, and that the issuance of vaccines for pox was significantly reduced.
With the full release of the second child in 2016, the incremental market for herpes in 2017 will be on the rise. We expect that this will lead to a rapid expansion of the incremental market and a build-up of the unmet need for rapid release, which is expected to drive the domestic market for the next two years.
The 100-gram bio-water pox live vaccine has a clear competitive advantage. The 100-gram bio-water pox live vaccine is produced with the two-fold mrc-5 human cells recommended by who and the oka virus. The vaccine is highly safe, and the country's first non-glucose component has significantly reduced the incidence of allergies; it has a good protective effect and released the standard virus.
The drop-rate is no less than 4.01gpfu/agent, which represents a reduction of nearly 75 per cent in the number of breakthrough cases compared to the low drop-rate pox vaccine; the longest active period, with the use of the autonomous intellectual property bh-2 freeze dry protection agent, has significantly increased the stability of the high drop-rates, the first of which has been granted a 36-month validity period and is technologically advanced internationally.
According to the Central Court of Review, the market for 100 grams of biopox vaccine is expected to increase steadily, rising to the top in 2016.
Despite the impact of the Shandong vaccine incident on the industry, 2016hh200g of biopox vaccine issuance has fallen significantly by the same year, and 2017h1 has recovered rapidly, according to our collection performance.
The real sale of 100 grams of biopoox vaccine has even accelerated, and the market has been seized rapidly during periods of industrial turmoil. According to the provincial rankings, the price of 100 grams of biopox vaccine has been similar to that of other brands since the 2016 Shandong vaccine incident, with the top 10 provinces winning.
With the general warming of the vaccine industry, the 100-gram vaccine is expected to be strong, distanced from competitors. The overseas market has expanded well, and the booster vaccine has been released.
The massive export of India and the completion of Indonesia’s and Nigeria’s registrations are well under way in countries such as Guatemala, Mongala, Turkey, and Thailand. The breakthrough in the international market for 100 grams of biopoox vaccine will significantly expand the market space, raise brand visibility, and rapidly release the vaccine operations.
Figure 31: Sales of 100 grams of phoenix vaccine in urban public hospitals Figure 32: 100 grams of biological operating income and growth 2. Persistence of rabies vaccine is expected to make a positive contribution and the new formulation is progressing well
Vaccination is the only effective way to prevent rabies. The rabies are acute infections in the central nervous system caused by the rabies virus, transmitted mainly by the bites and scratches of the sick animals.
There are four types of rabies vaccine in the country, which have been phased out, with rabies producing only Dhuaxang due to the complexity of the process.
Vero cell vaccine became the mainstream product of the former domestic market for rabies vaccine because of its simple process, its highly controlled quality, and its easy to produce on a large scale. The domestic market for rabies vaccine is about 2.8 billion, dominated by frozen dry preparations.
In 2016, the domestic market for rabies was estimated at $2.8 billion. The domestic market for rabies was dominated by Liaoning, Long Spring, Nochen, Guangzhou and Ning Bo-Yong An. According to data from the January-September 2017 Central Court of Justice, four batches were issued.
The share of total hair count is 92%, with long springs, Liaoning ' s share being similar to that of the top 2 out of 29%, and the ratio of 20% to 14% in Guangzhou, Nochen Ning Bong An. The rabies vaccine, by agent type, is frozen, dry and liquid, and the freeze dryer type has a lower, more stable and longer-lived incidence of adverse effects.
In January-September 2017, a total of 86% of the total was issued. The Myifon rabies vaccine is expected to be marketed, and the frozen dry formulations are well developed.
In 2016, 274.1 million copies were issued and 32,000 copies sold. According to the Central Court of Justice, 14,830,000 copies of the rabies vaccine were issued in January-September 2017.
Please be approved, in the context of the second type of vaccine, we expect the Gilling Mayon rabies vaccine to be marketed, out of the valley, back on normal growth track. The new frozen dry agent model of the Xerox vaccine is well under way into the iii clinical phase and is expected to be marketed as soon as possible in 2018. We expect the frozen agent to be on the market.
The rabies vaccine has been given greater market space, brand competitiveness has been restored, and the market share has been rapidly raised. 3. The two major players are building on the pounds of vaccine relay, opening up a new space to grow.
Vaccination is an important means of preventing and controlling influenza. Influenza is a pandemic-prone, acute respiratory disease caused by influenza viruses. Around 5-10% of adults and 20-30% of children worldwide suffer from seasonal influenza every year, resulting in 3-5 million cases of severe disease and 2.5 million deaths.
Influenza vaccine development has gone through four generations, including an all-viral anti-viral vaccine, a fission vaccine, a subunit vaccine, and a septic vaccine. In addition, international research and development has been undertaken to increase the immunisation of vaccines among high-risk populations.
New vaccines such as the Pinnium vaccine, the high-dose vaccine, and the nasal injection vaccine. The influenza vaccine has been put on the market for three priced vaccines.
In Australia, the introduction of flu-mitigated live vaccine (laiv) originated in Russia, where more than 100 million people were produced and used in 1987, and whose safety and effectiveness have been fully proven. 100-gram bios, nasal-influenza-reduced live vaccine for cold-adapted influenza virus strains and wild influenza virus re-engineering.
Nostril sprays are given. There are unique advantages compared to traditional inoculation vaccines, including: (a) simulated natural senses that induce local and antibodies, cellular immune responses and more sustained protective effects; (b) high yields, simplified production processes that allow rapid and massive listing to respond to seasonal and large-scale influenza outbreaks; and (c) non-injection exemptions.
The disease has the potential to reduce the adverse effects and increase the dependency of users, especially children, by helping to upgrade the influenza vaccine, which is now on the market. The 100-gram bionose inflammation live vaccine development service has completed the vaccination of volunteers, and all three vaccination sites are at the end of the field work.
In December 2017, 100 grams of biosnose inflammation live vaccine were declared for production and listed as soon as possible in 2018, and according to the Central Court of Justice, the annual average annual issuance of influenza vaccine in the country was 3.87 million doses, estimated at 40 yuan per person, at about 1.5 billion yuan.
In order to eliminate the vaccine, 100 grams of bio-influenza vaccine will be the only vaccine in the country that will reduce the incidence of the virus, and the only vaccine that will replace it will be the one in the country. The 100-gram bio-influenza vaccine will be planned as a national leader in the development of 3.2-band herpes-reduced life vaccine.
Vaccination is an effective measure to intervene with herpes. Herpes are caused by the aphid-trapped herpes virus (vzv). After the first infection of vzv has been restored, the virus is permanently lurking in neural cells such as the root, brain, and cerebral gynaecology.
The incidence of herpes after herpes is high in old age, and the incidence of herpes after the age of 50 rises rapidly, with some countries over the age of 65 accounting for about 1%. Research shows that vaccinations for people over the age of 50 are highly effective interventions for herpes.
A hundred grams of herpe vaccine is a national leader, with the potential to look forward to it. Mossathon herpes are the only herpe vaccine currently on the world market, listed in 2006, for the prevention of herpes in populations over 50. Global sales in 2016 were $685 million, and have been repeated since the market.
The average growth rate is 33.19%. In the country, there is no taped herpe vaccine on the market, and five companies are studying, of which 100 grams are the most advanced in life and 11 are in the clinical stage, and we expect to be the fastest in 2019. Mossadón zostavax has a vaccination price of about RMB 1,200 per person in Hong Kong, assuming a 100-gram bioband herpe vaccine.
The market is set at $500, and our population is about 400 million over 50 years of age, and the country's domestic market for herpes is estimated to be more than $2 billion, based on a 1% vaccination rate. We see 100 grams of biological herpes on the market.
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry is the only Chinese pharmaceutical business platform under the new flag of Changchun, with relatively stable performance growth. In 2012, it achieved a recovery of $310 million, an 11.7 per cent increase compared to the previous 11.7 per cent. The Chinese pharmaceutical industry is expected to contribute steadily to its performance by increasing marketing inputs and branding.
The streptococcal pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary bulge is the exclusive product for the new version of the 2017 health insurance catalogue. The company focuses on the deep development of two core varieties, the blood ulcer pulmonary standardization research project is well under way, and the silver ceremonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary hysteria has begun to adapt to prostate disease.
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry is expected to continue to make steady contributions as the Chinese medicine industry increases its marketing inputs and branding. The Chinese medicine industry is developing tubes to focus on the use of cerebrovascular disease.
Three drugs for cardiovascular diseases, of which the pseudo-couples gq and its injection fluids are type 1, have entered the ii/iii clinical phase, the ii and the ii clinical phase of the ii and the ii period respectively. The market for cardiovascular medicine in our country is more than 300 billion, and the company is expected to use cardiovascular products in the future.
In addition to the pharmaceutical industry, the development of real estate is the most important business in Changchun, with the responsibility of high new estates. High new estates registered a combined growth rate of 17.35 per cent in business income from 2012 to 2016, with a revenue of only 300 million in the first half of 2017.
In the second half of the year, the clearing income was mainly the result. The high-real estate project, which was largely closed, the Tiandu International Business Centre project (the old city's renovation), was well advanced, and it was expected that the high-renovation and remaining garden projects, as well as the six-monthly opening of the new Hygien Garden project, would continue to boost the steady growth of real estate operations.
Paranoid Essena, or a national model, will have a pre-emptive advantage and demand for diabetic drugs will increase rapidly. There are four main types of diabetes, including type 1 diabetes, type 2 sugar, urine disease, pregnancy diabetes, and other special types of diabetes, of which type 2 is the largest.
Type 2 diabetes, also known as non-insulin-dependent diabetes, has a combination of insulin resistance and insulin deficiency. According to WHO, there are about 110 million diabetes patients in 2016, a trend that is rapidly increasing.
Receptor agonists, glip-1 receptor agonists, sglt2 inhibitors, and other small oral molecules. In 2016, receptor agonists ranked third, with a global sales of $4.9 billion in 2016, an increase of 25% compared to 2015, the fastest growing diabetic drug category.
There are five types of receptor agonists, Li La Rupe, Dora, Essena (short and long-lived), Abilupine, Lissina. There are only two glp-1 receptor agonists listed in the country.
The hospital ' s glp-1 receptor agonist sales amounted to $61.26 million and estimated the domestic market space to be about $300 million.
In terms of progress in the development and registration of Essenal, five have entered the clinic and three have declared production. Two of the first production companies in the Hanwoo pharmaceutical industry are expected to take the lead in 2018.
After the city is expected to take advantage of the brand and hospital end advantage in the field of drugs for the new and renewable endocrine diseases, rapidly taking advantage of the market and importing large alternative spaces. Prices for more expensive imported drugs, with lower price prices for alpina, are expected to help expand domestic markets, and treatment penetration rates or increase significantly.
The company’s share of R & D inputs has been increasing, rising from 4.8% in 2013 to 9.1% in 2016, technology and research.
In addition to the expansion of the range of new adaptive conditions in the core growth hormone series, the listed company has developed a variety ladder to cover the reorganization of proteins and antibody drugs, the spread of the disease, the direction of the Chinese medicine.
Clinically, herpe-like life-saving vaccine (clinic), trauprilyn microball (clinic/clinic), orthopaedic microball (1/11) are well under way, and may have become a multi-billion-pound breed after listing.
Market varieties with potential, such as phantoms (long-lived), hpv vaccines, and new 100-white-based vaccines. We believe that listing of potential varieties will sustain high growth in the long-term performance of support companies, and that a well-developed, multi-layered research and development ladder is expected to provide sustainable core competitiveness for listed companies.
Figure 38: Ratio of new R & D inputs and receipts in Changchun, Figure 39: Share of Technology R & D staff and composition of staff, VIII. Performance projections and investment proposals
Based on the high profile of the core business of growth hormones, the use of long-acting growth hormone water needles and the restructuring of human-induced ovarian imports, instead, the gold racing pharmaceutical industry is expected to sustain a compound increase of more than 30 per cent a year in 2016-2019; The reheating of the two-type vaccine industry, the increase in the share of water pox-free live vaccines and export exposures, 100 grams of biology.
In 2016-2019, the main business income is expected to sustain a complex increase of more than 50 per cent a year; in 2016-2019, we used sector valuations, using a breakdown of industry valuation levels, to recombinate the protein business and $1 billion for the gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry, contributing 30 times as much as in 2018 for the Chinese pharmaceutical industry.
We look forward to the high performance of the growth hormone industry, which benefits from the long-acting growth hormone water needles, and the restructuring of human-induced ovarian hormone import alternatives, as well as the return of 100 grams of bio-benefit vaccines, which provide positive performance contributions and elasticity. We expect to return in 2017-2019.
Long-acting growth hormones are sold less than expected, and reorganizing human-induced import substitution of ovarians is slower than expected; vaccine safety risks; new medicines are slow to develop or market; real estate operations are highly volatile.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company that has no business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibilities.
Clients receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.