Three-quarters of 2025: net return to the mother has increased, kitchen food and pressurized profits have improved markedly.
In the first three quarters of 2025, the net return to the mother has increased on a year-on-year basis, with both kitchen foods, feed raw materials, and fat technology increasing on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to a marked improvement in flour and rice performance over the same period of the previous year, benefiting from a decline in raw material prices on a year-on-year basis, as well as from good material procurement and product marketing strategies.
The overall sales and profits of fat technology have also increased, mainly because soybeans are imported at the same cost as the price of s0980527003 soy oil, and soybean pressurized profits have increased more than ever.
Kitchen food operations: high-end products maintain steady growth and continue to enhance the layout of products in the field of health. High-end products such as olive oil, groundnut oil, high-end vegetable seed oil, linen oil, 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices in the public kitchen food business
In addition, the Golden Dragonfish is actively developing products in the Great Health Area of Golden Dragonfish, and has introduced glycerine di-ester oils (dag), middle- and long-chain fatty acids, oils, plant syrup, low-gi-type products, with better feedback after listing, and some of the products are repurchased.
With a rate of more than 30%, companies are planning to take advantage of the national production base advantage, tens of thousands of employees and a vast network of partners to undertake large-scale, empirical marketing and continue to enhance brand sticky through market development.
Forage raw materials and fat technology operations: Retrieval of pressurized profits is expected to be sustained by the end of the year. Thanks to the company’s good purchasing advantage in raw materials and the more stable demand for downstream farming, sales and profits of feed raw materials and fat technology products increased in the three quarters of 2025. Considering the size of South America this year,
Soybean production and current soybean prices are still at low levels in the historical cycle, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from low import costs. In addition, Indonesia ' s b50 biodiesel policy is still steadily moving forward, promising better prices for soybean oil, so that the profit from the squeezed business is expected to be better off at 202504.
Gold Dragonfish (30099.sz) 2024 and a quarter of 2025: Kitchen, Golden Dragonfish (30099.sz) 2023 and a quarter 2024: Kitchen food Investment proposal: company as kitchen food leader, diversified development is desirable, maintaining “better than”
We maintain a profit forecast that the net return on the mother is expected to increase in the first three quarters of 2025 on a year-on-year basis, with two major players, kitchen foods, feed materials, and fat technology, operating profit and sales increasing on a year-on-year basis.
The performance of rice and rice operations has improved significantly over the same period in the previous year, benefiting from a year-on-year decline in raw material prices and from good material procurement and product marketing strategies. Both the volume and profits of feed raw materials and the whole fat technology plate have increased, mainly due to the lower cost of imported soybeans compared to the same time, and the better pace of company purchases of raw materials and marketing of products;
In the first three quarters, the country’s downstream farming industry was in good demand, supporting soybean prices, adding up to the third quarter price of soybean oil and rebounding soybean oil, soybean pressurized profits were higher than in the previous three quarters. Figure 2: Golden Dragonfish single-season operating income and speed of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 3: Net profit and increase in gold dragonfish to mothers (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Net profit and increase in gold dragonfish per season (in billions, per cent) Figure 5: Growth in gold dragonfish sub-business (in %)
Figure 6: Golden Dragonfish Sub-Operations share (in %) has significantly improved operating cash flows and increased liquidity efficiency. In addition, in cash flows, 20201-q3 net cash flows have been increased by +120 per cent to $27.597 billion, representing 14.98 per cent of operating income.
Figure 10: Main liquidity liquidity of the Golden Dragonfish Investment proposal: The company, as a kitchen food leader, is expected to diversify and maintain the “better than the big market” assessment. The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author