Release of the smart-node server, second-curve surge, medium communications (000063.sz) 28/04/2025
On April 28, 2025, the company launched a conference of Chinese Eco-partners in China, with a large number of new items. The release of a smart-node server with 64 gpus on a single container and 16 computing nodes on board.
8 exchange nodes using active connectivity structures to reduce interconnection costs, gpu communications bandwidth of 400 gb/s-1.6 tb/s, delayed to the level of 100 nmps, liquid cold ratio of 80%, intra-board scaleup extended to 2048 power cards, inter-machine support scaleeout extended to the size of 10,000 cards; and 100% self-initiated innovation released
Ideas swaps, boosts the use of cards. Companies continue to be active in the second curve, operators continue to increase their share of overseas markets, are influenced by domestic operators' investments, we lower profit forecasts in 2025 and 2026, fall and continue to build arithmetic, and we look forward to the long-term development of the second curve and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
• Accelerating the shift to “connectivity plus arithmetic”, dynamic second curve business, officially entering the final phase of the company's 10-year plan in 2025: beyond the second phase, the company has in recent years significantly expanded its second curve business (thinking, ai terminal, etc.) and its second curve business at 2025q1
The revenue ratio is over 35%, while the revenue ratio for government enterprises is double, or 20%, pushing companies back to growth track. The Internet, operators, and industry companies continue to expand in the area of arithmetic, and, with DeepSeek bringing the release of the need for intelligence, in 2024, the computers, the smarts, the computer servers were in the head of the Internet, the big ones.
The size of the banks and insurance companies doubled their operating income, with a fast increase in server and storage receipts for the 2025q1 company, with smart servers ordering more than 60%. • Four changes around the ai and two pipes upgraded
There are four strategic initiatives, such as four changes, two pipeline upgrades, and so on. The four changes, one of which is the one that's brought in the base, are now growing faster - corporate information update report.
With regard to the expansion of facilities, the second is the overall intellectualization of the aaiinall promotion network, the third is the re-establishment of the end-of-the-end ecology and the fourth is the enabling industry, and the two pipeline upgrades, namely forward-looking exploration layout transmissions and digital markets, promote product scale deployment and increase market share.
"Modernizing the layout of smart-calculation products, the second curve industry, fast growth in business -- corporate information update report."