The second curve accelerates growth due to changes in income structure Events: 22 April 2025, China-Hing News published a quarterly report from 2025, and the company achieved revenue \triangleright
The growth of the second curve was robust and accelerated. \triangleright ' s 25q1 revenue grew by 7.8 per cent, while the second curve business accounted for over 35 per cent, including smartness servers, i-finals.
The company’s strategic upgrade from full connectivity to connectivity plus numeracy, which has been continuously advanced in recent years, is beginning to yield results. 1) Businesses in government: the same revenue ratio doubles by more than 20%, compared to the server’s collaboration with the head company, which has an intellectual server order ratio of over 60%, covering the Internet, operating the Internet and operating.
Business and industry customers) Consumer operations: Corporate mobile product receipts keep growing and sales of cloud computer products accelerate. 3) Operator network operations: taking into account 25 years of declining capital spending guidelines and tradition of the three major operators
The network ratio has declined, and we judge the company’s 25q1 operator’s network’s operating income is strained. By continuing technological innovation, the company maintains a leading position in the market for wireless and cable major products, consolidating the domestic operator base while continuing to raise the foreign operator’s market share.
Change in business structure imposes a high level of profitability and cost controls are evident. The Māori ratio for corporate sales is 34.3 per cent, a decrease of 7.8 ptt over the same period, mainly due to a change in income structure where Māori rates are lower. Business growth is faster than overall Māori rates; net interest rates are 7.5 per cent, a decrease of 1.6 pt over the same period, sales/management
The operator network is under pressure, arithmetic + terminal second curve energy - 2025/03/02 - significantly expands operations such as intelligence, ai terminal, and i integrates and leads innovation.
The company takes full advantage of the opportunities for greater numeracy investment, such as head Internet companies, operators, industry companies, etc., q3 performance pressure, deepening the layout of “connectivity + arithmetic” to deepen market expansion and scale up cooperation.
In the end area, companies actively promote end-of-ai applications to strengthen ai cellular phones and ai family layout.
A big model of deepseek, which is an overseas launch of the Nubianeo 3 series of mobile phones; for families, mention 4. The Chinese newsletter (000063.sz) was published in the first quarter of 2024 for a family network, a family arithmetic, a family smart screen, and a family robot, the "four big pieces"
Q: q1’s performance is growing robustly, accelerating the upgrading of household intelligence to “connectivity plus arithmetic.” Performance is growing robustly, and full-calculation deployment is stimulating future potential -
The letter network area remains at the forefront of competitiveness; in the context of the growth of server demand, firms are expected to gain a higher share by technology (with cpu capacity, etc.) and market advantage, and their mobile phones remain growing, looking at the second curve.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.