Sinjiyama's Transmittal News (000063.sz) Operators are under pressure from external environmental factors, and arithmetic plus end-side operations have opened up new growth.
(a) Operator operations are constrained by the impact of domestic investment on the environment, and government and consumer operations continue to grow. The overall decline in the investment of operators and changes in the investment structure have had some impact on the business of corporate operators;
Business pilots, such as the one-size-fits-all, have led to a rise in the Māori rate of operators ' operations, with core network products increasing their market share in large t Thai and Bangladeshi branches and in multi-country branches in Africa; cable products are firmly in the lead globally, with a new backbone of 400gotn telecoms in the home country.
The development of a collection project, which has made it possible to break through major stream operators in Colombia, Chile, Turkey and Nigeria on an international scale, and the successful introduction of a new generation of core routers through China's telecommunications tests, has opened up a large core router's new track.) Government business: 18.566 billion yuan in 24 years, compared to 36.68 per cent.
Ko Woo-Yan Research and Development Input, server and storage for arithmetic, intelligence, letter server operating on the scale of Internet head customers, large banks and insurance companies, with revenue doubling; and data-centre switching.
The increase in the share of income in the network and financial sector, and the breakthrough in the international market for data centre support products; the decline in the Māori rate is mainly due to the decline in server and storage rates and changes in income structure. 3) Consumers
Sun Jin Wen, the end-of-the-art products are on a scale out of the domestic market and lead to an increase in the Māori rate of consumer business, handheld and mobile interconnected product layout "aiforall" , more open overseas markets, faster income from cellular products.
Rapid growth, Nubia has introduced unique machines in more than 30 countries and territories, and cloud computers have been released as a cash-blowing product, pushing corporate cloud terminals to achieve the highest market share of domestic operators.
The company’s second-growth curve is deepening, and its end-side operations, represented by mobile phones, are expanding faster. In the area of computing, the company has achieved abrupt break-ups in servers and storage, switchboards, data centres, and training platforms.
Chips, supporting various forms of rdma, smart net cards, dpu cards, etc., and working with industry partners to advance gpu high-speed connectivity open standards, build a new interconnected supernode intelligence server: data centres, data centre-wide solutions and end-to-end delivery capabilities for data centres in a smart scenario, and roll out immersion
Self-research products such as liquid cooling, cooling liquid cooling, integrated power modules, and a collection of ai tools for the cooling liquid cooling programme pue to 1.1:aibooster booster software platform can significantly reduce the development threshold, provide models Migration tools and smooth the migration of large models on different gpu manufacturers.
New terminals such as the Nubiaz70ultra, the Red Demon 10pro series, and the naked 3d tablet nubiapad3dii, based on screen camera and naked 3d technology, have expanded open market access and seized recovery opportunities for the wave and emerging market demand.
Corporate cost controls are tight and asset liability structures are further optimized. 2024 Company sales/management/ \triangleright profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: we believe that the company operates well and the market is improving.
The valuation system is expected to be reshaped, and attention is recommended to events such as 5g-a, ai mobile phone, self-research chip, and self-research chip re-estimating the value of corporate intelligence business.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.