Long Live Electronics (600570) In-depth report Financialit Industry Chiefs, Cloud Transformation Strategies for Transfrontier Development strongly recommended (maintenance)
Founded in Hangzhou in 1995, the company is China’s leading provider of financial software and network services. Currently, many of the company’s core products have more than 70% market ownership, wide-ranging technical barriers and competition.
Strong competitive advantages and strong leadership. The company’s higher-than-expected performance growth in 2018 was largely due to new policy imperatives that drove demand growth and optimized cost-cutting spending by company personnel. The firm’s high focus on R & D inputs, the number of R & D personnel and the investment in R & D costs, were at the forefront of the industry.
The company’s core employee-in-equity “innovation subsidiary” program also guarantees the company’s continuous capacity for innovation, further contributing to the growth of its performance. A number of new financial policy regulations have been introduced successively, driving financial-it demand to continue to grow, to the full benefit of the company.
At the same time, policies such as new regulations, innovation boards, boroughs, and access to external securities are all driving forces for raising financial demand. Companies now have five major business needs, including changes in the financial system, finance, and so on.
The growth of products, the growth of financial customers, the demand for product renewal as a result of the development of the IT technology itself, and the personalized demand of customers for differentiated competition. In recent years, the country’s financial markets have flourished, and the number of financial institutions has grown, generating more demand for financial services and software.
In recent years, the country has focused on the development of cutting-edge technologies like cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence, which have been linked to a number of encouraging policies. Companies have kept pace with the times, adapting their organizational structures since 2013.
And in 2014, they launched a project to build the "Seven Clouds" to boost companies’ profits on the Internet and cloud computing companies. The investment robot Xiao whales, developed by the subsidiary Wormton Network, worked as the world’s first live live investment robots, helping 5 million small and medium-sized projectants complete their jobs every day.
The next online education service, Xiao whales helped the Sky Cat elves complete 1.1 million financial information suits, opening up a whole new frontier for corporate development. In addition, by December 2018, the company had launched 16 artificial intelligence family products, and the company would continue to explore the integration of block chains, artificial intelligence.
Innovative products with cutting-edge technologies such as power, big data, financial engineering, high-performance computing.
Compared to comparable corporate valuation levels, the firm's performance was significantly higher than expected, with a high rate of growth in the main business and a “strongly recommended” rating, given that it enjoyed a premium on valuation by leading companies and an increase in market activity.
Rapid growth in innovation operations and sustained optimization of cost rates Policy failure to meet expectations; capital market environments not to meet expectations; and innovation in product R & D and services not to meet expectations.
The company was established in Hangzhou in 1995 and listed on the main board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2003 as China's leading provider of financial software and network services. After more than 20 years of intensive farming, the company became the absolute leader of the financialit industry.
In 2018, the company ranked 52 on the list, highlighting the Department’s strong combined strength in the financialit industry. Since its inception, the company’s operations have been focused on wealth management, and since 1998 it has achieved the highest market position in the securities software market, and since then it has been operating in a number of countries.
The company’s core products include investment transaction management systems for funds and insurance, a trust’s integrated financial management platform, investment management systems, integrated financial management systems for banks, and financial institutions’ systems, all of which have a market share of more than 70%. The company’s operations now cover all areas of financial markets such as banks, securities, funds, trusts, insurance, futures, etc., and are among the few countries in the country with “full licence plates”
Figure 2. Corporate development: Technical barriers in the financialit sector are high, corporate products and services have a stronger competitive edge and strong leadership.
At the same time, based on more than 20 years of business continuity, companies have a full understanding and awareness of their clients’ business and have the ability to provide business services that provide comprehensive and complex product solutions, resulting in a stronger customer service to the company’s products.
The firm’s leading position in the industry is reinforced by its stickyness. 1.2 Equity structures are stable, extended and well-tailored, corporate equity structures are stable, and Maeun is the real controller of the company. As of 2018, the top five shareholders in the company were Hangzhou Hensen Electronics.