IT software and services Deep-farming financial t-developing rivers, with policy-oriented R & D gains and high-market ownership of the whole product line, companies have a firm grasp of every financial intuitive opportunity.
The company received a full financial license plate, deep-farmed the financialit market, and the company had a high-market presence on the bond dealer system, the fund investment management system, the bank ' s integrated finance and finance system, and the company ' s core products included the pb trading system, the o series, the ta product and the management of wealth.
The core system's successful cards have raised the cost of switching client systems and helped companies to take the lead on each incremental layout of the system, which is now up to 50% of business income compared to their competitors in the industry.
With high R & D input, companies can gradually enjoy R & D results. Public support for the company’s product renewal and R & D every time it develops a strong R & D river.
In this case, R & D costs are close to half of the total equity/flow (millions of shares) and more than 30 per cent of the cost of sales, and with the establishment of the market location of the company and the formation of the product system, the company is enjoying the bottom line of the R & D product.
As a result, the company’s performance is more resilient. Full-scale city occupancy creates a strong guarantee for innovative business, and it takes policy to do so.
In the long past, Son has developed a wealth of market experience and product advantages, accumulated sufficient cash flows, (600570), assessed in 2017 - sound traditional business practices, ensured the development of innovative business in companies, which now own 12 artificial intelligence products and many families.
Cloud Services, a globalization-based subsidiary, actively embraces the financial innovation of the Internet-era E.H.E. (600570), 2017. As financial regulatory policies become clearer, the capital market environment has improved;
Performance ratings are slightly higher than expected, and the leadership pattern follows.
The uncertainty surrounding the procurement needs of the t system has increased, and the company is well aware of the systemic opportunities of each financial itt. The company received the money around 2012.
With full license plates, deep-farming financial 1-dm markets, companies have a high-market presence on bond dealers’ core trading systems, fund investment management systems, integrated banking finance and financial systems, and company core products include pb trading systems, o series, ta products, and wealth management platforms. The success of the core system increases the cost of switching the client system and helps the company to increase the amount of itt per system.
At the top of the scale, the share of business income in the receipts of constant electronics has been rising from year to year compared to competitors in the industry, reaching a level of over 50%, well above the industry average (10-20%), and solidizing the company’s leadership. With high R & D input, companies have been able to enjoy the benefits of R & D in a phased manner.
The proportion of people is around 60%, which supports each company’s product renewal and R & D, forming a powerful moat. In the company’s composition, R & D costs are close to half and sales costs more than 30%. With the establishment of the company’s market position and the formation of a product system, firms enjoy the benefits of R & D at the bottom of their life cycle, thus making their performance more resilient.
A full-scale city occupancy creates a strong guarantee of innovative business, which is based on policy. In the long run, permanent electronics has created rich market experience and product advantages, accumulated sufficient cash flows, guaranteed the development of innovative corporate business, now owns 12 artificial intelligence products and multiple cloud service subsidiaries, operates overseas from a global perspective, actively embraces the Internet age.
As financial regulatory policies become clearer, the capital market environment has improved, and financial innovation has been expanded, along with the creation of Quintoncdr, the coupon clearing model, and the promotion of mom products, all of which have magnified the exposure to demand for finance. Regulatory policy is flexible, and financial innovation has brought about increased demand.
Financial regulatory policy is beginning to be flexible. In September-November, the CSRC submitted an intensive proposal to improve the stock buy-back system for listed companies, and to speed up the processing and refinancing of M&As.
(ii) Financial innovation, with incremental benefits for companies, has a relatively advanced market and product advantage. On the one hand, permanent electronics have a higher share of power, and the core system is stuck.
The upgrading of client systems and the procurement of sub-modules are still largely delivered to the company. On the other hand, the constant electronics are designed to interact with the rules, communicate with the exchange, etc., and the product performance and process design are more in line with mainstream demand, which can also generate new and additional customer resources for the company, which is expected to benefit significantly in the context of continuous innovation in the financial markets.
According to the current regulatory opinion, 57 coupons meet the criteria for applying for entry, while more than 10 coupons are now applying for market qualifications and have been partially tested. The system of mixed transactions in the form of cross-border conversion and marketing has been adopted.
It is possible to buy basic offshore securities directly from more than 200 institutions abroad, the company ' s Quiltoncdr market system provides better cross-border conversions and marketing functions, and the cdr investment trading system is online, providing a full-link solution to the cdr purchase, cross-border conversion, marketing and investment transactions from the basic securities.
Since Lianlong-Tong is a new business, the core business of the securities broker will need to be modified accordingly, including the front, centre and back-office of the brokerage system: the registration, valuation, investment, settlement systems of self-employment and financial management, as well as the sales and wind control systems.
According to a bid network announcement, the winning price for the “Hong Kong Deepway Business Module Purchase Project of Silver Union Life Insurance Company Ltd.” is $1.2 million, which is used as a price estimate. The market share of the permanent voucher system is 50% and 85% of the public system.
In addition, the creation of panels is one of the underlying drivers of rising demand in the industry. Because of the high level of self-research manpower, most of the vouchers’ IT systems are currently being modified either primarily on the basis of an int system provider or on the basis of an int provider’s system.
In February 2019, the CSRC issued a circular on matters related to the conversion of the securities trading model of the new Public Fund Administrator, which showed that the voucher settlement model would increase the transaction, settlement and hosting functions of the voucher system in the Fund's transaction chain and assume transaction monitoring and control functions.
Performance changes are as follows: (1) the new business system is deployed on the side of the voucher and the funds transactions are connected to the exchange via the voucher system: (2) the transferred business system is the functional module of the bank that is responsible for hosting and settling.
The system’s demand is mainly on bond dealers and bank side decreases, and the fund side may be simplified or maintained as it is. The voucher dealer settlement model is more beneficial for the high-marketing It provider in the voucher core system. Living on the voucher core trading system has a market share of nearly 50%, which will benefit from the mode switch.
On 22 February 2019, the CVM issued an open opinion on the guidance (for comments) on the products of the managers (mom) of the managers of the securities fund operators.
(1) The new regulations require that there be no embedded, non-transparent conditions, that the mom be more transparent about the penetrating of funds and the penetrating of accounts, and that the structure of the parent-product account plus the separate transaction unit account of the sub-fund be established, and that the sub-fund no longer use virtual accounts. (2) the principles of capability and business matching.
The requirements for technology and back-office support reflect the new rules on capacity and business matching, (3) integrity of information disclosure. Mom’s guidance makes mom’s IT system requirements for the establishment, filing, operation and information preservation of Mom products, mainly at the end of the parent fund manager and involves changes to the transaction, wind, performance management and statement management modules.
Qualified fund managers should also be equipped with the appropriate back-office support conditions, including the regularization of the operations of (iii) the CSRC-accredited transmitters, which has led to the creation of high-standard bank-it-building needs, China has entered the era of major capital management since 2012, with asset management having reached 41% cgar in 2012-2016.
The Chinese Financial Stability Report (2017), issued by the end of 2016, states that the balance of funds in the bank's chart and in the off-the-shelf property was large, but that there were problems of rigid payments, multi-layered mosaics, and poor liquidity management, particularly in the case of off-the-shelf operations, which remained weak, with potential for cross-fertilization of risks. On 17 November 2017, the People's Bank of China, in conjunction with the Banking Supervisory Board,
The new regulations are a comprehensive regulation of the asset management industry, and their main components include breaking cash, net value management, raising investor thresholds, strict control of enzymes, harmonization of leverage ratios and regulation of six main aspects of pool operations.
Underlying the transformation of banking-based products is a range of core competencies, including investment capacity, product design capacity, and sales capacity $700 million for technological processes and system optimization over the years alone. Business-type solutions occupy a central place.
The core business system, as a base for banking operations and a core competing vehicle, has an important place in the market for the Bank ' s overall IT solution. Figure 8: The ratio of the 2015 bank ' s solutions for all types of banks in China (%)
It is initially estimated that the new regulations will generate more than 2 billion new revenues for companies. The new regulations will have the greatest impact on the solutions for it.
The probability of dealing is very low, permanent electronics will retain or even expand penetration through technological and empirical advantages, and it is estimated that the new regulations will result in more than 2 billion market additions for companies, as follows:
Four core functions, namely: (i) intelligent client-viewing, targeted marketing, and (ii) distribution platforms, which expand distribution channels through interfacing with cooperative banks, bond dealers, Internet companies, etc.;
(3) an information disclosure platform that effectively identifies potential risks helps to enhance investor education, facilitates the net conversion of property (4) an investment transaction system, organizes its own investment team, achieves full process digitization of asset transactions and ex ante, ongoing risks (5) a valuation and accounting system that supports asset management products to be established, operated to end full-life process financial accounting processing,
Completion of full-asset accounting and net unit valuation to manage separately, separately and independently for each product; Deep Farm Finance, pioneer in product development and development, full-licensed financialit supplier with increased resistance to cyclicality
Deep-farming financialit markets, with full licence plates forming a corporate moat. In 2012, companies obtained industry-wide licences for the financial sector, including securities, funds, trusts, insurance, capital controls, private fund-raising, etc., and focused on the financialit market. Companies are core competitive in the bond dealer core trading system, investment management systems, integrated banking finance systems, and financial institutions ' ta systems, with long-term market occupancy rates.
The pb system has a number of key technologies leading the industry, managing assets of more than 100 billion people, with more than 60 coupons, with a 68% market share. Risk management products have made significant progress in the securities industry, with a significant increase in their occupancy rate, becoming new growth firms with a certain countercyclicality. Compared to other competitors in the industry, electronic advance payments have been consistently received as a percentage of business income.
Upgraded from year to year, well above industry averages, companies maintain high inputs in product R & D and upgrading, product lines are well lined, core system cards create higher system conversion costs, and the increase in the share of advance receipts reflects a stronger voice in the corporate market, with companies already having some resistance to cyclicality.
The three one-stop technology platforms built by the company are solidly operational. The three technology platforms are o4, uf3.0 and wealth management: o4 is the fourth generation of products based on oracle software, with the fastest real-time wind control (on average, Szt.)
uf3.0 products based on cloud-based computing structures will be able to withstand an average of 10 trillion transactions per day. The one-stop wealth management platform, which connects financial products and marketing channels, is available on this platform.
One-stop service, including asset allocation, financial planning, trading conclusion, customer service and obtaining harmonization Chart 13: Three One-stop technology platforms for Helium Electronics
A full-scale, one-stop, pine-coupled, high-performance technology will bring China's capital management industry to a new height, a one-stop shop.
High elasticity to support future expansion, using cloud computing techniques, can support 5-10 trillion uf 3.0 of brokering platforms, or even larger volumes of transactions
Connects financial products and sales channels. Investors are provided with one-stop shops with assets, one-stop shops, configurations, financial planning, transactional conclusion, customer service, and a unified asset view.
Corporate innovation has a forward-looking layout. In 2009, the company began the deployment of Internet operations, and in 2015, it began the full roll-out of the financial cloud service, which now has multiple subsidiaries and runs a full range of financial innovation services.
The emphasis on R & D inputs, the resilience of the performance of companies R & D, which exceeds that of other firms within the industry, has become a central advantage in the competition of the company's business. It is noteworthy that R & D expenditures of companies are cost-effective and directly accounted for in current gains and losses, reflecting the firm's high profitability.
In the first three quarters of 2018, for example, R & D costs accounted for 47% of the cost of the company, mainly as part of the remuneration of R & D personnel. And, during the period 2014-2018q3, the company ' s sales costs were at the cost of the company ' s sales.
The share has remained at around 30 per cent and is expected to be contained as the market position of the company is gradually established, with company profits remaining at 2014-2018q3 as a proportion of the cost of electronic sales (%) (iii). Trends in leading cloud services create new performance growth points
(i) In the era of financial science and technology, comprehensive cloud services are on the move, with advances in science and technology, and financial technology progresses to the 3.0 stage. The 3.0 phase is supported by cutting-edge technologies such as big data, artificial intelligence, and block chains, and focuses on financial pains such as personalized services, information asymmetries, etc.
Alternatives to physical methods, changes in payments, loans, large-scale securities transactions, management, risk and letters, etc., re-engineering efficiency Chart 19: Fintech Development Process Financial Science and Technology Phase III
Using front-line technology to transform business processes, to drive phase II of Internet finance, business innovation, and to focus on large-scale scenarios.
Automation and fine-tuning of operations.
Easy-to-pay-fund end, channel integration: use big data, cloud computing, manual use of hardware and software to digitize offices, and use of software and hardware to help create a more efficient and efficient environment.
The innovation of cutting-edge technologies such as smartness and block chains will enhance the efficiency of business processing.
Means of integration: Deep understanding of Internet technology and financial operations, providing efficient, high-value-added, easy-to-trade integration, penetrating aspects of financial operations
(b) Means of integration: financial institutions are using modern communication surfaces, systems integration, business process re-engineering, finance
Increased efficiency in the functioning of the financial sector, based on web-based technologies, increased focus on databases, system connectivity and information-sharing, information security
A representative product or business: large data message, intelligence technology. The banking industry tries to build and standardize modern communication systems and risk control systems.
Building on investment, risk pricing, quantitative investment networks and database technology, establishing the banking sector as a key task at this stage.
The development of networking technologies has resulted in a large number of business models, new carriers and industries.
Representative products or operations: core trading systems Representative products or operations: online banking, interlocking, accounting systems, credit systems
Networking funds are sold, p2p, mobile payments, and cloud services development policies are profitable. Cloud services are becoming an important development direction for financial interests. Because of their low-cost, efficient, and secure and stable advantages, the Central Bank has clearly set the following objectives in China’s Financial Industry Information Technology 13th Five-Year Development Plan:
By the end of the 13th Five-Year Plan, all major information systems in the banking sector that are oriented towards the Internet have been migrated to cloud computing platforms, while other systems have been relocated at no less than 60%. At the same time, the Banking Supervisory Board has joined 16 banks to set up a financial cloud platform to support cloud services through the Ali Cloud platform.
At present, large domestic financial institutions are focusing on strengthening the building and upgrading of the ent force, favouring self-building in the choice of cloud services, private clouds, and, on the contrary, small and medium-sized financial institutions lack adequate human and financial capacity, are more difficult to build and carry on the int system and face greater challenges in risk control, so they are increasingly inclined to buy out financial cloud services and fee-for-service models.
Do not spend too much of its operating capital, while at the same time benefiting from a professional int-vit service. Chart 21: Market patterns of Chinese financial cloud service providers – Aariun technological maturity, branding effects, value for money, financial advantages
The largest share of the cloud market is the Internet agency — the tungsten network is designed to be disaster-prone at the highest level, and the service cases include a small number of people.
• The financial cloud is stronger because of hardware providers and the influence of the IT market — the silver cloud creates the country's first ibmsystemi-based financial sector
Clouds, to provide financial-grade coverage and security, to help financial institutions meet regulatory compliance requirements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Basic services, block-link cloud services, artificial intelligence cloud services, and finance.
The main product is already being used in small loans, insurance agencies, software service providers, ibm, in China, to choose to work with local companies in cash, silver clouds, etc.
The company uses Ali ' s financial cloud platform to develop financial cloud applications. The Ali ' s financial cloud, established in 2013, was the country ' s first provider of financial cloud services. To date, there are more than 2,500 clients of financial institutions, including dozens of banks, more than half of insurance companies, more than 70% of securities companies, and more than 1,000 Internet finance firms.
According to research by the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, users primarily consider the safety of cloud platforms when applying cloud computing techniques. Aliun has a high degree of recognition of technological power and security, and a permanent electronic financial cloud platform, itn, which is mounted mainly on the Ali Cloud platform, and operates from the application and trading layers of software, including the permanent cloud, the exchange cloud, the investment cloud, the brokering cloud, the management of the cloud, the wealth cloud, and the management of the cloud.
In 2017, corporate mergers and acquisitions (Hong Kong) expanded the construction of overseas clouds.
Hensengtn is an important step in the company’s Director’s tail market. Heinsongtn is based on the Heinson Arescloud Super-Cloud technology platform, compatible with public clouds and private cloud laas deployments, mainly targeting longtail investors. At a specific operational level, Heinsongtn uses cutting-edge technology abcdn (ai, block chains, cloud computing, big data, networks) to provide clients with a full business landscape.
Financial science and technology services, building supply and demand-closing platforms over the long term. The current demand-trading rate on the platform is about 85%, with developers participating in more than 300 interface-type products, more than 80 solutions, more than 50 h5 components, and more than 240 custom-made programs.
1. The gtn global financial services network, which covers the full range of financial services through dedicated connectivity to domestic and external financial institutions and the Internet, currently focuses on six broad categories of services in the financial sector, as well as innovative financial products, which also open up to developers data services such as identity verification, user labelling, etc., and shortens client finance software.
3. Resource sharing. The gtn platform is open to both the demand side and developers, and is open to target supply and demand. The gtn platform shares large-scale resources, and the innovations of the enablers reach nearly 800 traditional financial institutions and 1,000+ new financial institutions.
(i) Trends in financial decentralization to promote the dlt technology landing of the block chain, pioneer of financial science and technology, block chains plus artificial intelligence. According to idc, the global block chain solution expenditure was $945 million in 2017 and is expected to double in 2018 to reach
$2.1 billion. The United States block chain accounts for more than 40% of total expenditure, followed by Western Europe and China.The block chain, as a decentralized, secure, low credit cost, unmanageable and transparent bookbook technology, has applications in terms of regulatory compliance, cross-border payments and settlements, hosting, asset tracking, financing and transaction settlement
In 2016, the company began to study the application of block chain technology, joined a coalition of well-known local and international block chains, such as the Golden Chain Alliance, Hyperledger, and developed autonomous digital paper services for the application of block chain technology. In 2017, the company used $4 million in investment block chain technology to symbiont to strengthen company-distributed accounting technology (dlt)
At the same time, in 2017, in the technical area of block chains, the company took the lead in completing the prototype certification system of the private equity system based on the block chain, with the release of the ftcupex chain.
The trade background is entered into the chain to verify the trueness of the trade background.
Links and radios, Bénélé, and then, all abs through digital votes.
To multiple banks with simple prices, authenticity, (ii) seizure of "intellectual" machines, intelligent financial subversion.
The age of smart finance has come to an all-out end. Computers can obtain more data for analysis than humans, and the continued optimization of robotic models makes data analysis more accurate.
Figure 26: Smart financial whole-industry chain structure, deep-seated, smart wind control
Use of artificial intelligence, effective risk pricing Technology to replace labour, personalization of strategies, rationalization of configurations and automation of processes Human collaboration to improve quality and efficiency of research
Using human face recognition techniques to pay for easy security, smart customer services, smart marketing, free labour, lower human costs, accurate targeting of users, attracting customers, retention and survival.
Artificial intelligence based on machine learning and data mining is the cornerstone of the entire intellectual financial industry chain. The financial big data ecosystem is the foundation of intelligent financial technology applications, without smart data. Smart finance is utopian. Smart investment as the most hot smart financial application, becomes the next disruptive technology for financial management.
McKinsey believes that smart investment, which amounts to $100 billion in total management assets in 2016, is expected to have the following characteristics in the service model by 2025:
1. Description of user graphics. Systematic survey of client risk tolerance and investment objectives: 2. Recommended investment portfolio. Recommended individualized portfolio based on user portraits: 3. Funds hosted and outsourced. Funds held by third parties:
4. Automation of transaction execution. System agents buy and sell assets: Portfolio rebalancing functionality. Real-time monitoring of changes in market demand and user demand and balancing of investment portfolios.
According to Myprivatebanking, by the end of 2016, the size of the United States ' smart investment industry asset management was $77 billion, and is expected to reach $1.6 trillion by 2020. China’s smart investment interests were in the early night of the outbreak.
The world’s second largest investor, 126 trillion yuan, is expected to remain at around 20% growth in the future, reaching 2.2 trillion yuan in 2021. According to Katsu’s survey, only 12% of Chinese investors use investment services, compared to 64% of global investors and 67% in the United States, according to the report of the Global Asset Management Division of Faustin.
Figure 28: The distribution of household wealth in the United States is more fragmented and diverse
(i) Growing demand for wealth management in long-tailed groups. Increased demand for professional investment and a tendency towards diversification in asset allocation (2) Investing in fiscal habits and landscapes, the rapid development of mobile Internet, which changes domestic investment finance preferences, especially in long-tail markets, where individualized finance is mainstreamed;
On the supply side, banks, as the largest group of services for asset management, have broken their potential commitments to make payments, and the netting of property changes will reduce the bank’s excess returns. If manual services are needed, the management fee will increase to around 1%, and the low rate of intellectual care will be attractive.
So it's no coincidence that smart investors have three advantages: low management costs (passive asset allocation), low investment doors (as distinct from traditional managerial high thresholds) and low service costs (machine interactions, reduced labour costs), which are expected to improve the supply side to meet the financial needs of long-tailed investors in the country.
Financial product innovation drives intelligent innovation. The risk fragmentation, transparency, strong liquidity, and low cost characteristics of the product enable it to take advantage of the asset allocation programme, so smart investment is now mainly targeted by the Open Index Fund (ETf). By the end of 2017, 132 equity items under the country’s 29 public fund-raising banners had a combined size of $214.4 billion.
With the advance of the integration of a share into the msci process and the surge of different armies like the bulk commodity, etc., our country’s etf will be more investment-valued. Now that the US is in the market, traditional financial companies have risen to the top.
The start-up company, represented by wealthfront, has grown rapidly: but by 2015, traditional foundations, represented by charleschwab, vanguard, have entered, with branding and size advantages, to form a “crash” on their platforms in terms of user speed, asset management, etc. As of February 2017, the amount managed by the vanguard private consulting service amounted to $47 billion.
The second largest asset management of $10.2 billion, which together accounts for 75.8 per cent of the total size of management, is in the field of artificial intelligence, which has been active for 17 years. The Institute has been established to study artificial intelligence applications and will generate 40 per cent of operating income.
In the first half of 2017, Hensen Electronics worked with several institutions, such as Bank of China, Bank of Jiangsu, Bank of Hiroshima and Bank of China, to provide a thousand-person service to its clients.
He has focused on providing financial institutions with artificial intelligence applications, and companies have accumulated a large number of high-quality financial customers from traditional businesses, and the spread of smart finance is easy to spread. Meanwhile, based on US history, long-standing traditional financial institution clients will have an incomparable future advantage in terms of intellectual and financial markets, which is conducive to a rise in e-performance.
In 2017, Hensen Electronics and Ning Bo-Yunghan and Hangzhou Yunfei co-invested in CSX (Beijing) Software Limited, with RMB 12.16 million, or 31% of the shares. The State developed software services in the areas of financial operations management platforms, wealth management, private banking, and investment and asset management solutions.
The product line, which complements the company's financial science and technology map, figure 34: Congenital State partners rely on the ants gold dress platform to obtain accurate user drawings.
There are synergies between the ant goldsuit platform and the company. The payment treasure under the ant gold suit has more than 200 million users, while the sesame credit application has been opened up. The sesame credit algorithm, which serves as a credit platform, takes into account not only consumption records, the repayment of bills, personal information of users, and friends' scores, etc., and forms a super-large third-party information base.
Accurate user drawings are a key competitive tool for intellectual investment. Only accurate user drawings can satisfy users’ investment needs match risk preferences to meet user satisfaction rates of return and are the most important means of maintaining and absorbing customers.
At rates and Māori levels, the incremental operations brought about by financial innovation guaranteed steady growth in corporate performance in 2019 and 2020, and aggregate calculations. Higher corporate R & D inputs shaped the company's moat, the company had the basis for phased access to R & D results, and the company's sales policy orientation changes were uncertain; the lack of clarity in the pace of incremental business landings led to increased uncertainty about the procurement needs of the system.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report