Six months of steady growth and gradual optimization of the product structure of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
In the first half of 2018, the company’s operating income and net profits were estimated at $6.47 billion, while the growth in its performance was stable for the first half of the year, while the product structure was gradually optimized. The company’s operating income in the first half of 2018 was about $6.5 billion, close to 30 per cent of the increase in the same year, and the faster rate of revenue growth continued to be explained by a combination of factors and a restructuring of sales patterns.
Of this, the income from the self-diagnosis business was about 3.3 billion yuan, an increase of about 21.5 per cent over the same period in 2017, an increase of about 5 percentage points, and we believe that its income growth is largely influenced by the influenza of 2018q1 and a combination of factors.
In the first half of the year, income from prescription drugs continued to decline, from about 8 per cent, to a faster expansion of formulation granular operations and to optimize the structure of the products. We believe that, with the sales model, the product structure of the plate has been optimized.
The Māori rate for self-diagnostic operations is relatively stable compared to an increase of about 5 percentage points, and we judge that the increase in the Māori rate in the company as a whole was largely influenced by a shift in the distribution patterns of prescription drugs, with limited contribution to net profit growth; 2) model adjustment, with an increase of almost 8 percentage points, with better control over management costs and a decrease in financial costs of about 1,000
In a single quarter, operating income of 2018q2 and net profits of about $3.1 billion and $380 million, respectively, a year-on-year increase of about 21.7 per cent and 11.7 per cent, the growth rate of q2 was slowing, mainly because of the q1 flu, and the annual growth rate of corporate income would continue to decline; and the rate of net profits of q2 was almost equal to that of q1 and was largely in line with expectations.
The brand otc leads, see long-term development. 1) The otc product line is rich, with 999 brands in the forefront of China's drug labels, and the company's product channels are diverse, covering the entire country. After the price of the otc drug was released, the price of the core product was expected to increase strongly.
It is hoped that the level of profitability will continue to rise; 2) cooperation with the international giants in the field of otc will strengthen the status of dragons. By signing the Framework Agreement on Cooperation in Consumer Health Care Operations in China, the company and Sanofi have contributed to the joint opening of China’s healthy consumer goods market, which not only enriches the company’s product lines, but also contributes to corporate learning.
Learn and replicate the success of the foreign giants; 3) The company offers a prescription Chinese-made otc platform for Chinese medicine under the flag of Huayun, and the insiders are doing a great job. The company has a rich product of prescription drug plates, and the proportion of oral-drug-types continues to grow, with the ratio of income from Chinese injections to 8%. Risks continue to be released.
It also enriches prescription Chinese pharmaceutical lines and enhances competitiveness; (4) the company is the first nation-wide pilot producer of Chinese pharmaceutical formulations, with the first strong and powerful, 17 times the price, 15 times the price, and 13 times the price.
A rich and diverse set of advantages, supported by the full range of resources of the majority shareholders of the Toro-Yon Group, looks forward to the company’s follow-up in the area of brand medicine, which is currently undervalued and maintains a “buy-in” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.