The growth of self-diagnosis has been rapid, net interest rates have been rising steadily, and the company's performance has been rising upwards at the turning point  Events: January-June 2018, when the company achieved operating income of $6.472 billion, an increase over the same period of the previous year
29.50 per cent; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $827 million, an increase of 11.50 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a deduction of non-recurring gains and losses, a gain of $773 million, a gain of $3.092 billion in 2018, an increase of 21.67 per cent over the previous year; realization of returns
The rising trend in consumption is driving companies to increase their self-diagnosis operations. The rising trend in the consumption of otc medicines since 2016 has been more pronounced, including the twin logic of rising drug prices and consumer concentration of medicines, which has directly contributed to the high growth in the performance of the entire otc section.
As one of the country's absolute otc champions, the Department is experiencing a period of accelerated growth in my treatment business, as a result of the trend in the industry. During the reporting period, the company's self-diagnostic operations achieved income from the camp, and prescription drugs were influenced by a shift from low to high.
Medicines include, among other things, Chinese injections, formulations, anti-infection drugs. With policies such as the two-vote system in 2017 leading to a “low” shift in the price of medicines out of the factory to “high” prices, corporate sales of prescription drugs have increased by 41.19 per cent over the same period, but at the same time the company's sales fees have increased by 41.19 per cent.
▪ The marginal effects of the “low” to “high” effect are reduced, net profit rates are gradually recovering, and the firm’s performance is at an acceleration point. After 2017 q3 was affected by the “low” to “high” impact.
The company’s revenues grew at a high rate, but the cost of sales also rose rapidly, leading to lower net interest rates and a significant slowdown in the cost of selling prescription drugs. By 2018h1, the marginal effect of the “low” shift to “higher” effects began to diminish.
The net profit rate of the company began to rise steadily, so we thought that the impact of the upturn in corporate performance was diminished, that corporate performance was growing steadily, that there was a significant increase, and that the cost of prescription costs was slowing down.
The net profit of company shareholders was 827 million yuan, an increase of 11.50 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies netting off non-recurring gains and losses was 773 million yuan, an increase of 11.17 per cent over the same period in the previous year, which was in line with expectations.
The net profit of the shareholders of the municipal company was 404 million yuan, an increase of 10.10 per cent in the same year; the general trend of rising consumption, net of non-recurrent consumption, contributed to the acceleration of the growth of the company ' s self-diagnosis operations; and the increasing trend in the consumption of otc drugs since 2016, including the rise in the price of drugs and their elimination.
The two-fold logic of fee-payers’ concentration on brand medicine directly drives the growth of the performance of the entire otc block. The company, one of the country’s absolute otc champions, is experiencing a period of accelerated growth from my diagnostic business as a result of the trend in the industry. During the reporting period, the company’s self-diagnosing business achieved a revenue of 3.3 billion yuan, a 21.39% increase compared to 2015.
1) Building on the advantages and channels of the “999” brand, creating the three main categories of otc, otx, and big health. The otc business is a traditional brand and product powered area in which three traditional products, namely, the flu, skin, gastrointestinal, have significant advantages.
Together, the focus on young consumers has been further enhanced by the introduction of Thanksgiving-class films, "Someone Loves You Secretly" and "Handburn Should Do It." At the otx business line, the company focuses on exploring new branding models, focusing first on paediatrics, orthotics, women.
At the same time, the company has launched a strategic partnership with platforms such as a safe doctor to try to build a new value chain for the Internet+medical+pharmaceutical industry.
Large health product lines, the company promoting dietary supplementation under the "999 Vito" brand, covering more than 20 products currently on the market, covering several areas of dietary supplementation. Using its strong marketing capacity in pharmacies, the company continued to promote dietary supplementation products in the "999 Vito" by selling up to 1,000 units per day in single shops at the pole chain.
At a horizontal level, it can be seen that consumers are in a good position to accept and market their products. (2) Strong channels are being built to cover more than 300,000 pharmacies.
The country now has more than 300,000 pharmacies, of which some 100,000 are directly controlled, and more than 40,000 are chained. Moreover, the company has continued to improve its marketing system, expanding its operations to grass-roots clinics in the light of the trend towards a class-based medical service.
Policies such as the “low” shift in prescription drugs to “high” growth in income have led to a “low” shift in the price of medicines out of the plant to “high” growth, with company sales of prescriptions increasing by 41.19 per cent on the same basis, but at the same time the cost of sales has risen significantly.
In terms of products, the policy effect of receiving a Chinese drug injector has continued to decline, currently accounting for only about 8% of income and profiting from the remaining monotony formulations, which increased faster during the reporting period in terms of sales income. The Anti-Infection Business Line has introduced products in a cooperative manner, and corporate income from anti-infection business has increased during the reporting period.
The marginal effects of the “low” to “high” effect were reduced, the net profit margin was gradually recovered, the firm's performance reached the accelerated point period of 2017°3 was affected by the “low” to “high” effect, and the company's revenues grew at a high rate, but the cost of sales was higher.
The marginal effect of the “low” shift to “higher” effects began to diminish and the firm’s net profit rate began to recover steadily, so we thought that the company was performing at 43.92 per cent and 7.12 per cent, respectively, with sales rates rising by 8.04 percentage points and management costs.
For the otc high-quality branding business, one of the industry leaders has clearly benefited from industrial integration and is expected to further strengthen its advantage in covering such areas as cold, skin, gastrointestinal, childhood, cough control. In prescription drugs, companies have enriched company products through the M&A industry, along with Chinese medicine formulations, particulates, oral preparations, antibiotics, etc.
Oec-end marketing and sales are below expectations: Chinese prescription drugs are below expectations. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board.