The platform is on the key steps, hugging robots +ar history, the event of 12 March 2025: the recent crash of the intelligent robots with deep blues, deep collaboration between the company and Rokid, etc.
The consumer electronic platform is beginning to show that robotic +ar progress is a key leap in development: from glass structures, the company has become a solution platform for one-stop-shop services for smart terminals.
Thousands of robotic targets, in which Lance supplies core components such as joint module/dcu/clap claws, self-researched six-dimensional torque sensors/planetary rollers, etc., far beyond the scope of consumer electronic structures and appetizers.
Mirrors, functional modules to complete autoassembly achieve full chain coverage. And Ramsy and Mi work together deep in the terminal assembly and achieve the leading delivery speed and quality. We believe that progress in robotics and ar areas suggests a critical leap forward in the development of the Blues platform.
▪ Emerging and sophisticated manufacturing development, where industrial platforms have a clear advantage: firm investment in emerging industries needs to be supported by good, mature business support from firms, with the necessary leverage to pre-empt R & D inputs/back-to-back start-up firms, Blue Si in 2016 in the field of robotics, and now there is a potential mass production of optical wave materials/namicine in the future.
We believe that the “large-scale, but flexible, organizational advantage” of consumer electronics is the genetic advantage of responding to emerging industries. Complicated and sophisticated manufacturing makes it difficult for end-users to manufacture internally, relying on outsiders to accelerate the decline of emerging industries.
Local, companies with the capacity to integrate the whole industry chain are expected to seize the growth opportunities of future giant customers.  The historical opportunity of “robot +ar” for consumer electronics: we think consumer electronic manufacturing companies have high precision/high-complex product rapid rotation and cost optimization capabilities, while excellent majors provide sufficient resources in new areas of layout.
"LanceTechnology" (300433): Accurate manufacturing platform, a wave of ai-new-form terminals is a historic opportunity for industry. Especially in robotics, manufacturing plants are used as "machine-modified layouts, ai terminals and auto electrons."
In the first phase, consumer electronics is a robotic application, while some consumer electronics have a self-research capability that can be replicated to robotics by technology such as telemetry/control/execution. It goes beyond folding screens, and it is expected that positioning the manufacturing platform will lead to a re-evaluation. The company is at the heart of the changes in the North American client folding screen.
Beneficiary, we look forward to a significant increase in the asp from the folding of the lacquer glass, as well as to the parts and components of the middle frame, "RanceTechnology" (300433): 2021 semi-annual report. Platforming to expand businesses such as automobiles/cell phones has been growing steadily, but is, after all, a mature industry, currently a robot.
Queries: Vertical integration has worked well, and positive developments in the field of vertical integration and ar have amply demonstrated the two-wheel-drive platform properties of “technology plus manufacturing” covered by the whole chain of the company, which are expected to open up further space.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We appreciate the trend towards corporate platforming and convergence of benefits, raise profit forecasting, and consider that Toshio Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.