RamsyTech (300433.ch): Multi-business is driving up the value of Ma Xiyu and the company is expected to increase its market share, 2) Andre's clients are expanding rapidly.
Huang Jia Qi Chang, who brings the growth of smart cellular odm shipments and non-hand related business such as tablets, home appliances, cars, etc. 3) smart terminals are growing. And, aipc, robotics, glass.
New business such as foundations are expected to contribute to growth and open the long-term growth ceiling. We expect blue companies to be one of the high-quality consumer electronic poles and to benefit from the tip-ai wave, and we reiterate the Blues buy-in rating.
• Big client kinetic energy: we expect the volume of iphones to reach 237 million in 2025, an increase of 2% over the previous year, similar to that of the global smartphones. And, in the second half of the year, the new refinancing is expected to lead to an increase in the value of spare parts such as glass, metals, etc.
Rance's spare parts are worth a lot of money. Moreover, this year's Apple's total market value (million yuan) will be on the line in more areas, thereby further stimulating the sales of Lanth's big clients.
Average turnover on March (million RMB) • The assembly business continues to grow rapidly: we expect Rance's assembly operation to be active in 2025 and the Blues integration platform to continue to improve its capacity to obtain more Odm operations; 2) washing machines
The company is expected to expand its product categories in the customer's new energy car electronics business, and the value of the bicycles is now weak. There has been a weak increase in sales of new energy cars, both domestically and internationally.
The growth in the company’s share of major business is weaker than expected. The growth in corporate diversification and cost increases are slower than expected, delaying performance.
We value Lance using the branch plus general valuation method. We give Lance smart phones and computers in 2025, new energy cars and smart cabins, smart head displays and smart apparel classes 27.0x, 28.0x, and we expect that in 2025, with the rapid growth of Lance's business, the market will give Lance a higher valuation.
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is not as high as expected
Demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, recovered faster than expected, and demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, recovered less than expected.
The company's zero-assembly conversions are not increasing as expected, and the share of assembly operations is not increasing as much as other smart-end products are expected to grow.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipients of other smart end products have expressed and guaranteed their right to this report under the following conditions and have agreed to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]