Bluestech Annual Review: Consumption of electronics is growing rapidly, and new and emerging track layouts, such as human robots, are perfect.
Smartphones and computer-type operations are growing rapidly, with a doubling of income from assembly operations.
During the year, the big one model developed to give new energy to the end, and a new round of consumer electronics, mobile phones, pc, etc., evolved the revolution. The company caught the industrial boom and the vertical integration strategy began to work, importing more upstream and structural components through the rapid growth of the assembly business.
At present, the company's leading position in such areas as glass, ceramics, sapphires, metals, etc., is further consolidated, and the assembly business is dominated by a 97.42% increase in revenue from the Xianliant.
In 2024, the company’s smart car and its home smart car customers were actively expanding their business.
The b-column and c-pillars, charge poles, cabin decorations, wireless charger modules, etc. have been growing faster, and super thin glue glass has made a breakthrough into bulk production. Positive layouts in emerging areas continue to deepen efficiency gains.
\triangleright has increased, the costs of reasoning have dropped significantly, and the human robots, ai glasses, etc., have grown up. With their own leading technologists and engineering experience, companies have actively engaged with the headlines of the field in question.
Households, leading the way in human robotics, smart wears, can offer a one-stop program from zero components to whole machines. At the same time, corporate management capacity has been further enhanced, with a decrease of 0.63 pct in 2024, sales costs of 0.23 pct in 2024, and financial costs in 2024.
On the other hand, we look at the company's development prospects in this area and maintain the “buy-in” risk factors for companies: ai development below expected risk; risk of macroeconomic volatility; short-term stock price volatility; an e-consumption high growth and diversified development
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., ltd Golden House No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.b
Sub-groups, then joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group in November 2022, looking at optical, consumer electronics, car electronics, etc. In January 2025, they joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group, looking at semiconductors, etc.
Some are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.