Event: 13 March, Lancet Science and Technology issued an announcement to increase the strategic layout of globalization to further advance it.
With a strong combination of competitiveness, the company intends to issue foreign shares (h shares) that are listed abroad and apply for the Hong Kong-owned hedgeh shares, a global layout. On March 12, 25, the company convenes its fifth board of directors and supervisors \triangleright
At its second meeting, the Conference considered and adopted relevant bills such as the Bill on the Issuance of H Shares by Companies and their Listing on the Main Boards of Hong Kong Joint Transactions, and concluded the listing of the issue on an optional basis during the period of validity (i.e. 24 months from the date of adoption by the general meeting of shareholders of the Corporation or other period of extension agreed upon).
Moving to Hong Kong stock markets helps to broaden access to finance, accelerate the construction of overseas production bases, further optimize the global layout of the supply chain, match the needs of overseas customers and respond quickly, and the company is expected to further enhance its global competitiveness.
Full layout on the one side: fold screens, robots, smart head displays, etc.. The company has been looking forward in 2016 to the creation of smart robots in the field of layout, human robotics, and the design of core components, from precision parts to whole machines, for which the company has formed a team to attack joints, smart hand, torso and head coverings.
A one-stop solution for assembly. In the folding area, the company has been layoutd for many years, with tops, bottoms, right and left, and a high-value utg and cpi folding screen manufacturing process at three-quarterly reporting points in 2024, with protective membranes and patches, chains, titanium alloys.
In addition, the company will take advantage of the opportunities offered by aipc, pay terminals, smart head displays, etc.
We believe that Ramsy's research and development capacity in new ai terminals like human robots, folding screens, and the new growth cycle at the top of the plate - 2024/06/04 - is the reuse of the company's technology and experience in traditional electronics, its accuracy, efficiency, cost control, etc.
The main industry + automobiles are moving forward steadily, pushing for vertical integration of the industrial chain. The company’s consumer electronics infrastructure continues to open up, engaging in long-term deep collaboration with domestic head consumer electronic brands, with rapid R & D and mass production capabilities.
With regard to new energy vehicles, companies have expanded their products, such as car glass, and have expanded their charge boards, power cells, sophisticated metal structures, etc., to more than 30 countries.
New energy sources and traditional brands are working together at home and abroad. Companies will continue to build on the assembly business, moving forward with vertical integration of the entire industry chain, driving the penetration of structural elements and modules such as corporate glass, metals, etc., and increasing the value and profitability of their products.
The company is the leader of the domestic consumer electronic glass sheet, which is based on the assembly business, the expansion of upstream glass, metal structures and modular products, deep participation in the new ai terminal, and the maintenance of a “recommended” rating. The methodology and analytical logic lead to the conclusions of the study, the independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.