Highland Group (002311.sz) Agroforestry and Fishery forage Investment Rating: Better than Major Markets (maintained)
Lu Jia Ri, Lee Renan, Jiang Haihai.
In the first half of the year, the company adhered to a model of low-risk pig farming, effectively avoiding risks and achieving stability The country's agricultural perspective: 1) The company's 2024h1 net profit from the mother-to-child ratio increased significantly, with sales out of the company's feed owner growing by 8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the public administration continuously strengthening the core competitiveness of the industry, increasing the strength of its feed products and services, and better market share and profitability; and the public sector
In addition to the fact that the Department's 2024h1 pig farming has achieved 2.7 million mark-outs, compared to +23 per cent, and that it leads the industry at the cost of farming and insists on low-risk, low-assess and low-risk practices, aquaculture is expected to pick up this year, with Seadas as the leader of the agro-pastoral industry, covering the entire chain of farming, and the uncontrollable cost pressures of rising prices of raw materials. (4) Investment proposals: in the short term, the company feed market has increased its share of space, and pig farming is expected to grow.
In the long run, the company’s management has been highly profitable, focusing on the 10 trillion market from the field to the table, and on the basis of a stable industry, with a sequenced experiment and new business, the company is expected to become a pole in the farming industry. The farming model, with better profits, is expected.) In the feed business, the company’s sales of 202,022 feed sales have increased by 7% compared to the 7% increase, benefiting the aquaculture industry.
The market for fodder products has expanded steadily, and there is elasticity in the business of breeding pigs.
In the feed business, the company has steadily expanded its sales of 2024h1 feed, with about 10.8 million tons of feed outlet, an increase of about 8 per cent compared to the previous year, and an increase in market share. The company has focused on improving organizational management efficiency, making full use of the middle-level management advantage, ensuring rapid intra-company connectivity, increasing market impact, and implementing a three-tier research and development system to ensure forward-looking and sustainable output of technology.
With rapid transformation and increased efficiency in management and R & D, there has been a steady increase in product competitiveness and effective control over the cost of raw materials through a procurement system that relies on the industry’s leading traditional products, with a continuing advantage of over-profits. With regard to pig farming, the company’s 2024h1 pig farming industry is about 2.7 million head, and the professional capacity of the farming team continues to improve and cost less.
The cost of pig farming is already in the forefront of the industry, with companies continuously focusing on capacity-building of pig-breeding teams and on the development of their own breeding systems, and the development of feed-ends and the advantages of size, which are expected to reduce further costs in the future. In seedlings and dynamic insurance operations, companies continue to increase their inputs and farm-place layouts, improve service delivery systems, and raise the profitability of farmers and their customer stickyness effectively.
At the operational level, companies allow small internal cost offenders to test and, once successful, with good incentives, the company will quickly and successfully open new areas, as demonstrated by the expansion of its business history.
This shows that companies have evolved proactively to break the existing business balance by reducing their own entropy, thereby maintaining organizational dynamism and maintaining a constant source of dynamism. On the industry side, the company’s operations correspond to a trillion-billion-dollar market in agriculture, from the field to the table, with wide market space.
In the short term, there is much room for increasing the share of the company's feed market, and it is expected that the home-grown pig-raising project will yield substantial profits during the cyclical period. In the long run, the company's management has a significant advantage, focusing on the 10 trillion markets from the field to the dining table, based on self-sustainability.
The company is expected to return home in 2024-2026, with the death of an uncontrollable pig disease, and the cost pressures of uncontrollable increases in the price of food raw materials. The Sea Group (002311.sz)-2023 and the 2024-Quarterly Review: A healthy feeder, with reduced costs of pig farming.
In the semi-annual reviews of the Sea Group (00231, sz) and 2023: the same growth in revenue and net gains in 2023h1 camps, feed, farming, motor security, the Sea Group (00231, sz) and the 2023q1 quarterly reviews: the same increase in net gains in 2022 and 2023q1 battalions, the authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, based on reasonable judgement and conclusions,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author