There has been a steady increase in the sale of fodder, and the company's performance has increased significantly over the same period. The reasons for this increase include: (a) an increase of about 8 per cent to about 10.8 million tons of feed sales on the same basis, with better growth in both urban and profit rates; and (b) insistence on light assets and low winds.
Risky pig-breeding patterns, effective risk-averse and stable returns. 1h2024 forage sales increased by about 8% on a year-on-year basis, overseas market openings advanced steadily, company prices compared to 300 feet deep.
The company has completed the strategic layout of 40 million tons of feed production capacity, with the core objective of making full use of the competitive advantages acquired in terms of product competitiveness, R & D capabilities, technology service systems, etc., to increase productivity utilization and market share, thereby enhancing the profitability of the company.
10.8 million tons, an increase of about 8 per cent over the same period, and 1h2024 tons of national feed production of 14,539 million tons, an increase of about 10 per cent over the same year in the sales of water products, mainly as a result of rapid adjustment of marketing policies, investment of key market resources and strong support for high-quality customers and farmers during the second half of last year.
White to shrimps increased by about 20 per cent compared to the previous two years; by overdensity of farming plus abnormal weather effects, crawfish, premature end of farming and drop of crawfish, high-end inflated fish (special-water fish) compared to the previous two years, the company had been active in setting up and adapting to changes in farming trends, with high-quality products and professional uniforms.
The system focuses on the development of family farms that have the advantage of farming and are more profitable, while setting up large-scale and medium-sized farming companies; 31h2024 companies have increased their sales of poultry by about 14 per cent on a par; and companies have fully developed their professional advantages and are actively engaged in the development of large-scale farming plants.
Co-operative companies have increased poultry sales at a significantly higher rate than industry, with 1h2024 meat and eggs nationwide, at 1.1 per cent or 4.4 per cent per annum.
The company’s overseas market has steadily advanced, with Viet Nam at its core in South-East Asia, actively expanding.
2. In the South American region, companies have also set up business arrangements in Ecuador. 2. The annual report of the Sea Group (002311), which provides a quarterly review, has set up teams to develop neighbouring countries, and has become familiar with the characteristics of farming and consumption in local markets abroad.
The feed sub-grades continue to function, the raw pig business is stable, and the company relies on domestic research and development technology, combined with local raw material procurement and farming, to boost its product capacity. 1h2024 has more than 1 million tons of overseas feed outlet, which is more than 30% faster than the same year.
At that time, there was a steady increase in the Māori ratio of products and a further increase in profitability. 1h2024 produced about 2.7 million pigs in the field, 1h2024 in the field of support for pig farming, and the company produced about 2.7 million pigs in the field, with the prospect of more than 5 million in the year.
The company’s continued focus on building its own pig-planted system, its gradual development, and the combination of its feed-end research and development and its size advantages, its team’s increasing professional capacity, and its significant progress in the cost of integrated farming. During the period of overcapacity in the industry, the company focused on identifying and promoting “outsourcing pigs, companies, and family farmers.”
The business model of the field, locking in profits, hedge risks, and with team professional capacity and model-based stubble, small assets, low-risk, robust pig farming patterns are becoming increasingly clear, and companies have been profitable in the first half of the year through a condom.
With regard to aquaculture, the company’s current main aquaculture species are special water products such as raw fish and prawns, the prices of which have warmed in the first half of the year, and the production of raw fish has suffered losses. In the future, the company will develop a rational scale of farming, enhance the market for raw fish, and reduce the risk of farming.
Farming, through fine management and professionalization, has significantly reduced the cost of shrimp farming, and companies will be able to scale up shrimp farming in the future on the basis of team expertise.
A steady growth of the cycle; a steady growth of pig farming operations, with the condominium model effectively averting the volatility of pig prices Epidemics; continuing low livestock prices; and a sharp rise in the price of raw materials. Using information of legal compliance, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.