h1 forage sales have grown robustly, and the company's performance has increased significantly.
The growth in the performance of Xie Zhiyu H1 has been significant and stable. The high performance of 24h1 is due mainly to the market share and profitability of the feed business, the loss of farm production and so forth.
H1 feed sales are equal to +8%, and Māori rates are on the rise. 24h1 companies sell 11.79 million tons of feed from land-based sources, compared to +8.5%, with a further increase in the city ' s share; of this, 980,000 tons, compared to the same amount, were consumed by in-house farming.
□: lusiyuan_yj@chinastock.com.cn sub-products show that 24h1 has increased sales of aqueous materials by 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a 15-20 per cent increase in general water and an 8 per cent increase in shrimp crabs on a year-on-year basis. (South American white to shrimps grew by about 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and crawfish by about 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis.)
Slippering), extra-water fish, a moderate increase in the same ratio; a 14% increase in avian outlet on the same basis; and a 7% decrease in the impact of a decline in the productive market space of the industry for pig feed, but a faster growth in the share of companies. In terms of the geographical distribution of the public feed business, overseas operations have grown robustly, with a double gain. 24h1 companies abroad.
Regional feed sales exceed 1 million tons, a 30% increase over the same year. Companies have core production profiles in South-East Asia, South America, Africa, etc., and continue to open up neighbouring countries’ markets, which are expected to increase their productivity in the future in combination with domestic research and development, local raw materials procurement and farming.
The relative depth of 300 per cent shows h1 pigs out of 2.7 million, which is a positive gain. The 24h1 company farm business (spills, special aquaculture) generated $8,423 million, or +11.96 per cent, or 16.11 per cent of the total; the Māori rate was 16.11 per cent.
For aquaculture, the price of 24H1 raw fish has warmed, and the company's raw fish industry has lost its profits; while the company's cost of shrimp farming has dropped significantly, contributing to profitability.
The company continues to focus on building its own pig-planting system, exploring light assets, low risks, robust pig-breeding models and optimal farm sizes, with appropriate controls on the scale of fish-breeding, future company-breeding investment proposals: companies are leading companies in the feed industry, collecting products, research and development, and serving as one.
1. [Galactic Farm She Chi Chi Yu] company review report _ Sea Big Group (002311.sz): There has been a significant increase in the profitability of aquaculture, with industry 24q1 personally committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the present report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than the present report.