China Group (002311.sz) 2024 semi-annual review: a steady increase in feed-farming, pig-breeding elasticity, agro-forest fishing and fodder
The benefit of the farm is warming, with a significant increase in the parent net profit of 2024h1. The company’s share of sales and profitability in the 2024h1 battalion is growing better, while the pig farm is running out of money and overall performance is warming up with the farm cycle.
In addition, the prices of raw fish warmed back in the first half of the year, and fish farming suffered losses. 20,242 pigs came out with an estimated 1.4 million people, and companies insisted on low-risk, low-risk pig-farming models to make better profits.
There is also a warming trend, with the expectation that the company will benefit simultaneously from the relevant sections of the farming chain. The increase in personnel, the increase in remuneration levels and the increase in the cost of business extension; and a slight decrease in financial costs, mainly due to the reduction in the size of the current period’s borrowings and the corresponding reduction in interest payments.
Increased efficiency, taking full advantage of medium-level management through the construction of the “Procurement + R & D + Sales + Production” Global Group (002311.sz) 2024 Annual Performance Pre-Advanced Notices: Four One Management Models to ensure rapid intra-firm connectivity, increase market impact and roll out
A three-tier R & D system to ensure forward-looking, sustainable export and rapid transformation of technology results can be the largest.
Quarterly Review of the Sea Group (002311.sz)-2023: 2023q3 battalion steady. Quarterly Review of the Sea Group (002311.sz) 2023: 20231 battalion growth in net profits equal to the same growth, feed, farming, maintenance, seedling operations steadily developed.
Investment proposal: to maintain “better than the big market.” The company's management has significant advantages, focusing on a trillion-dollar market in the agro-industry, from fields to restaurants, with an equal increase in the net profits of both the year, the year and the 2023q1 battalion, for feed, farming, insurance, insurance, etc.
We maintain a profit forecast of 24-26, which is expected to bring about a significant increase in the net return of 2024h1 to the mother. The company’s revenue of 2024h1 went up better than -084%, while the farm business went booming and the overall business performance went up with the farm cycle.
The share of the company in the market has risen further inversely. By sort, 1) the volume of the company's off-loading of aquaculture is equal to +14 per cent. By industry, the national production of egg feed is equal to 4.4 per cent, meat feed to + 1.1 per cent, and the company is fully professional and actively engaged in co-opting with large-scale farming plants, a dragon farming company.
In comparison to 7.3%, the rapid withdrawal of small and medium-sized farmers from pig-breeding has led to a rapid decline in the availability of the original market for pig-breeding, and companies have responded positively to changes in farming trends, focusing on the development of family farms with advantages and greater profitability, while at the same time starting to operate large-scale farming companies.
The Department's overseas feed sales have increased both by more than 1 million tons, over 30 per cent, compared with the previous year, and by a steady increase in the production rate of Māori. The company relies on its expertise in the various components of “feeds, seedlings, dynamic security, service systems” to build competitive advantages in the industrial chain of overseas construction, and in the resource-rich South-East Asia, South America, South America, South America and South-East Asia.
Africa has a core production profile, and it is hoped that the markets of neighbouring countries will continue to be opened in the future. The cost of farming will be reduced through the introduction of a business model of “outsourcing pigs, companies + family farms, locking in profits, hedge risks.” In addition, the main aquaculture varieties include special water products such as raw fish and prawns, among them in the first half of the year.
The prices of raw fish have warmed and fish farming has suffered losses. Corporate seedling plots, with 2024h1 revenues falling to $700 million on a year-by-year basis, mainly due to the low concentration of white shrimp farming in South America, low impact, sustained firm commitment and investment, have been built in South-East Asia to launch an internationalization strategy.
Innovative product upgrading with market demand, successive roll-out of a variety of innovative feed products, such as functional and health-care materials, and the effectiveness of dynamic protection products have gradually been expressed directly in feed products.
Figure 4: Single-season net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) by sea-based groups, Figure 5: Sub-operational gains by sea-based groups (%) Figure 6: Sub-operational gains by sea-based groups (%)
The company ' s sales and management costs increased slightly, mainly as a result of the expansion of its operations, the increase in its staff, the increase in its remuneration levels, and the increase in its extension costs; the financial costs decreased slightly, mainly as a result of the reduction in the size of its borrowing during the current period and the reduction in interest-rate expenditure.
The four-tier management model “Procurement + R & D + Marketing + Production” has been constructed to ensure rapid intra-firm connectivity, high market impact and a three-tier R & D system that ensures forward-looking, sustainable output and rapid transformation of technology results that maximizes managerial and R & D efficiency gains and is expected to continue to improve in the future.
Figure 7: Māori and net interest rates split by big groups (%)
We maintain the company’s profit forecast, which is expected to be the company’s return in 2024-2026. The author has assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author