SEAG (002311.sz): Forage business, Quantities of Lezil, pig farming, and loss of profits.
The company is a company that collects R & D, produces and sells aqueous feed, a mixture of animal feed and aquatic feed, and a healthy farm.
High-tech companies operating in the main business, the core business of which is aqueous feed, aqueous seedlings, and dynamic conservation products. The company has already achieved production in priority aquaculture areas throughout the country.
As a result of the downward revision. The volume of sales, the volume of company feed sales maintained a negative growth, with 24h1 achieving 1181 million tons of feed outlet, an increase of 8 per cent over the same period (a decline of 4.1 per cent in national industrial feed production during the same period), with aquaculture, poultry and pig feed increasing by 10 per cent, 14 per cent and -7 per cent, respectively. Aquatic materials were based on prior-period marketing strategies.
The rapid adjustment led to a recovery of 15-20 per cent in the availability of water, the continued capture of the market share by the maintenance of a competitive advantage in poultry, a decline in the use of pig for small and medium-sized farm households, and a positive adjustment of the company's customers in the form of debt payments and cross-share presentations:
The Māori rate for company feed operations is 9.76%, an increase of 1.23 percentage points over the 23-year period, an increase of 0.92 percentage points over last year’s period. The company has achieved more than 1 million tons of feed sales abroad, 30% more than the previous year, with a steady increase in profitability, and overseas feed sales are expected to open up new growth opportunities for the company.
In the case of pig farming, the company has 24h1 out of the field, 2.7 million pigs, team specialization continues to improve, farm costs are constantly being optimized, and pig prices are increasing from mid-May.
In the second half of the year, the company’s raw pig business is running out of profits, and the second half of the year is expected to make a sustained contribution in terms of total equity/flowa shares (million shares). In aquaculture, the company’s raw fish business suffered a loss in the first half of the year, and the cost of shrimp farming continued to be optimized.
As an important supporting industry for fodder farming, companies continue to invest in research and development and are active in the development of new product varieties in circulation b/h (millions of shares), with 24h1 companies achieving operating income of 700 million yuan and 466 million yuan respectively.
We believe that the core cost advantage of a company’s multi-dimensional construction will continue to protect the company’s main feed business, increasing its market share in the midst of intense competition. The ability to specialize in farming business is constantly increasing, the ability of seedlings to improve integrated services is being enhanced, and the company’s potential for long-term development is being taken into account.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We believe that the company's feed business is expected to continue to grow at a positive rate throughout the year, and that the development of the colony is expected to continue to make a profit in the second half of the year, that the company has a core competitive advantage, and that it has a long-term financial boom.
The Great Sea Group (002311.sz): Forage operations are booming, pig-breeding is a source of loss, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom, and the source of Eastern wealth.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China Group (002311.sz): We're running a lot of feed, and we're running a pig farm.
A breakdown of the sub-sectors, such as feed, food, and pet food.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.