The Sini Mountain Signals are all over the world, and the Great Sea Group (002311.sz) is processing feed.
The year-on-year performance rebounded significantly, and the feed business grew inversely, as at 30 July 2024, the feed business grew in reverse and the market share increased further.
Ten thousand tons (including 980,000 tons of in-house farming consumption), an increase of about 8.5 per cent over the same period, of which 1,081 million were sold out, 41,341 million yuan in annual feed product sales, corresponding to 3.19 per cent, and the main reason for the decline in feed revenues was the fall in the price of raw materials, such as corn peas, up-front feed, which kept the price of feed products low.
Highest/minimum per year: Increases in sales of aquatic and poultry materials are bright. National production of aquatic feed declined year-on-year in the first half of 2024, with a reverse increase of 15-20% for the same year; and 8% for shrimp crabs (8% for the same year).
In South and Central America, white to shrimps grew by about 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis; crawfish had a weak season due to high farm density combined with unusual weather effects; crawfish had a drop in year-on-year; and fish (special water) were inflated in high volumes.
Outgrowers grew by about 14% in the same year, and pig feed fell by 7% in the same year. In the first half of the year, the company increased its sales of poultry feed at a much higher rate than industry, while pig feed grew at roughly the same rate as industry. 466 million yuan, a 23% decline in the same year; and the company planted seedlings, which were affected by the lower concentration of white to shrimp farming in South America.
In the first half of 2024, Chen Zhenzhi, the company was able to raise pigs.
About 2.7 million pigs were born, an increase of about half a million more than the same period last year. For aquaculture, the company's current main breed is special water products, such as raw fish and prawns, with fish prices warming in the first half of the year and a loss in raw fish farming.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not, for no reason, nor will I be recommended specifically in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.