There has been a steady increase in the sale of fodder, with 692 million yuan in support-based pig farming operations. The reasons for the significant increase in corporate performance in the first half of the year were: 1 8 to 10.8 million tons of feed sales on a year-on-year basis, with better growth in both municipal and profit rates;2
The Division adheres to a low-risk, low-risk pig farming model, effectively avoiding risks and achieving a steady return. 1h2024 feed sales increase by about 8% on a year-on-year basis, overseas market openings progress steadily, corporate prices compare to 300 feet deep.
The company has completed the strategic layout of 40 million tons of feed production capacity, with the core objective of making full use of the competitive advantages acquired in terms of product competitiveness, R & D capabilities, technology service systems, etc., to increase productivity utilization and market share, thereby enhancing the profitability of the company.
The same-year growth was only 0.5 per cent, with a marked increase in the share of the company's feed business. By category,1 this year's growth was rapid;2 pig sales are expected to go down the same scale as the number of raw pigs fell;3 the poultry industry as a whole is less profitable, and sales of poultry are expected to continue to grow steadily.
In the South-East Asian region, with Viet Nam at its core, actively expanding markets such as Indonesia, Bangladesh and Malaysia; in Africa, Egypt as a bridgehead, gradually extending to North Africa and East Africa; and in the South American region, companies have also set up a business profile in Ecuador and have formed teams.
The company relies on the domestic development of technology and the combination of local raw materials procurement and farming to boost production.
The annual report of the Sea Group (002311), reports an expected 5 million pigs. The company is constantly focusing on the development of its own pig-planted system, the system continues to function on a feed-by-feed basis, and the pig business is stable.
During the period of excess capacity in the industry, companies have worked hard to identify and promote the three-quarterly assessment of the Great Sea Group (002311):
The business model "Foreign purchase of piglets, companies plus family farms, locking in profits, hedge risks", with the steady growth of the 23q3 feed business, pig farming, team professional upgrading and model-touching, light assets, low risk, robust living.
The pattern of pig farming is becoming clearer, and we expect that 1h2024 companies will be able to achieve a full range of feed products, a clear product of excellence in casting core competitiveness, a feed business that will continue to wear, a steady growth of the cycle, a robust growth of pig farming, and an effective protection model that avoids the price volatility of pigs.
Epidemics; persistently low livestock prices; high prices of raw materials; use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively; data and information used in this report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.