The “high expansion + low poor” is such that performance is hard to hide. On 28/04/2022, performance remained high and net interest income continued to grow better.
\triangleright 22q1 Camp \Rock-up-Rock-Accord-Back-Accord-Accord-Rock-Accord-Accord-Accord-Accord-Accord-Accord-Accord-Accord-Accord-Accord-Accorded-Accorded-Accorded-According-Accorded-Accorded-Accorded-According-According-Accord-According-Accord-Accorded-Accord-Accord-Accord-Accord-Accord-Accord-Accorded-Accorded-Accorded-Accorded-Accorded-Accorded-Accorded-Accorded-Accorded-Accer-Aded-Accor-Accour-Accer-Accour-Accor-Accour-Accor-Accer-Aded-Aded-Aded-Ad-Ad-Ad-Ad-Ad-Ad-Ad-Ad-Ad-Ad-Ad-Ad-A-A-A-Ad-Ad-Ad-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-
However, the ring ratio dropped by 2.5 pct, mainly due to a narrow net interest spread; net fees and other non-interest income increased at a rate that was expected to be affected by a combination of a high base and a slowdown in agent income from 22q1 operations (net property value fluctuations leading to product foreclosure).
In terms of net profit contribution factors, scale expansion is the cornerstone, with total assets increasing by 17.4% as compared to total assets as at 22 q1 and increasing their profitability at a positive rate, with a significant increase in counter-bullying profits. “Stable deposits, assets,” has worked well. Loans have continued to grow strongly, up to 22 q1 and up to the same rate as at 22 q1.
The balance of gold amounted to 38.8 per cent and the ring ratio +1.7 pct, with 96 per cent of the net increase in public loans of 22 q1, highlighting the region's strong financing needs, or partly benefiting from the larger start-up of priority projects; the advantage of deposits was further consolidated.
The inflow of funds for the foreclosure of property is also a reflection of the effect of the large retail transition. 1. Chengdu Bank (601838.sh) in-depth report: Area plus \triangleright
+Experite net statement = city comptoir ' s new leader, 21q3+11bp, recovery, but based on single-season netting differentials, 22q1 ring down 20bp, 2. Chengdu bank (60138.sh) tradable issue point
The ratio of interest-bearing asset returns - 22bp, which is the main drag factor, and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities remains stable. The negative rate has dropped significantly, and the provision coverage has risen significantly.
On the basis of this, 22q1 continues down at 7bp, where low-risk, high-extension strategies continue to show an improvement in asset quality, with varying degrees of concern and delay, indicating a substantial strengthening of asset quality and a clear trend towards a positive trend;
Investment recommendations: strong credit lending, with a marked decline in bad performance Net interest income steadys the revenue base; regional growth in support corporate credit upwards over a period of significant development opportunities, supporting year-round performance, the high expansion logic validated; individual savings in the context of large retail transitions remain high and solid.
A “recommended” rating is maintained; loan deposits are two-fold and interest-rate spreads are steady; under a low-risk, high-extension strategy, the statement is clean and rounded up 1.1 times 22 years pb, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Figure 4: Percent bank performance as of 22 q1 plus rate (single season) Figure 5:percent bank net profit as of 22 q1 split by end of end (single season)
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.