The bronze mausoleum is colored (000630) non-ferrous.
Recommended logic: 1) Injection of Mirado copper mine assets, increasing the self-sufficiency of the company's copper resources from 3% to over 10%, and increasing the profitability of the company from smelting properties to resource properties. 2) The copper smelting capacity continues to expand, increasing forward production capacity by almost 30%, stabilizing its size at the top of the industry, maintaining high copper processing fees, ensuring that it remains high.
The profits of the smelter business are realized. 3) The switch between the Chinese-American manufacturing stock cycle and the Federal Reserve currency cycle is expected to boost copper prices from commercial and financial duality, and the long-term short- and medium-term spending on the capital of the copper mine, which is supported by a mismatch between supply and demand, which supports the copper price of Mirado, is the source of the increase in copper.
The assets are the Mirado copper mine in Ecuador. The Mirado copper mine, designed to produce 200,000 tons, has already been fully filled in one phase, which will facilitate the transformation of companies from smelting properties to resource properties and enhance their profitability.
The copper processing fee is at a high level of $88 a year, and the long-leaf reference price signed in the first half of 2024 is flat, and the supply of copper is more than sufficient than the demand for the smelting end to ensure that the profits from the smelting business are realized. The manufacturing repository is expected to drive demand expansion and long-term copper prices remain high. In the medium term, the manufacturing stock will remain high.
The rate of growth is approaching the bottom, and the windfall pressure on metal prices in the go-to-bank cycle is slowing down, and the switch to the replenishment cycle is expected to lead to a cyclical recovery in demand. The Fed’s currency-cycle switch is expected to drive the dollar index and the US debt rate downwards, benefiting the financial attributes of copper. In the long run, copper supply is increasing at a downward rate, and demand is suffering.
With the benefit of a sustained rise in new energy demand, the basics support the copper-priced hub. The rate of growth is 21.9%, and we have selected four companies – the Jiangxi Copper Industry, Yunnan Copper Industry, Mid-Kingnan and Purple Mining – as comparable companies, with an average of 10 times pe in 2024, representing basically the average valuation level of the copper industry.
Copper Mahals are colored: the long-standing smelting tap company, the 1.1 copper smelting giant, the deep-seated company, the roots of the copper industry, is one of the giants in China's copper smelting industry. The company was approved by the Anhui Departmental Rehabilitation Committee in June 1992.
Pre-established, listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 24 October 1996, as the first share of the Chinese copper industry. Since its inception, the company has focused on the copper industry as a whole, collecting copper for selection, refining, processing, trading, etc., with major products covering cathode copper, sulphuric acid, gold, silver, bronze and bronze straps, among others, one of the most comprehensive copper producers in the current domestic industrial chain.
The Division has a strong accumulation of technology, a leading industry, and a significant competitive advantage in areas such as copper extraction, copper smelting, and copper processing. The company was also one of the first non-ferrous metal companies to be integrated into international markets, establishing economic, technical, and trade cooperation with more than 30 countries and regions around the world, with total imports and exports remaining at the top of the province for many years.
As of March 31, 2023, the Copper and Nonferrous Metals Group Holdings Ltd. held 36.5% of the coloured shares of the copper and the State Property Supervision of the Anhui People's Government.
The Management Committee holds 61 per cent of the shares of the Copper Mahals Nonferrous Metals Group Holdings Ltd. and, indirectly, 39 per cent of the shares of the Copper Mahals Nonferrous Metals Group Holdings Ltd. via the Angé Province Investment Group Holdings Ltd. The Corporation has several subsidiaries operating in the areas of copper mining selection, smelting, processing and marketing, with the entire chain structure assigned to it.
Corporate competitive advantages. 1.2 Copper products are the main business, with improved profitability. Corporate revenue is on the upward trend, with significant improvements in profitability in the last two years. Corporate business earnings have increased steadily since 2017.
q1 company ' s operating income was $34.34 billion, or +18.6 per cent, and the parent ' s net profit was $650 million, or +4.0 per cent. Copper is the main business, and the chemical product is more profitable.
The Māori rate for the company’s core business is stable and the cost is stable over time. The Māori rate for the company’s copper product is stable at 4% to the left, and the smelting of its resources has contributed to a multi-level increase in performance.
2.1 Milado resource injection, increased self-sufficiency of copper mines Reorganization of mergers and acquisitions through audit, increased self-sufficiency of Mirado copper resource. In February 2010, Iron and Steel, Inc., on behalf of its wholly-owned subsidiary, China Copper Crown Investment (Canada) Ltd., to Coriant Resources Canada (cri)
Initiating an offer acquisition, which was finalized on 28 May, the main assets of the cri were the Mirado copper mine, owned by the ecsa subsidiary of the Ecuador Coriant Company (ecsa), located in the south-eastern part of Ecuador. In December 2022, the Department of Public Affairs disclosed the manner in which it was prepared to issue shares, convert corporate bonds and pay cash, and purchased the investment in the steel crowns held by it.
As a high-quality open-air copper mine, Mirado’s assets are injected to effectively boost the self-sufficiency of the company’s copper resources. The Mirado copper mine is geographically superior and its copper resources superior.
In the department of Dore de Zamora Chinchipe, part of the Coriante copper belt, 10 km east of the Zamora River and only 5-6 km from the Ecuadorian-Perutic border, it is accessible to major cities and ports, including Quito, Cuenca and Guayaquil, on national roads. The area of the Mirado copper mine is approximately 2985 hectares, and it is determined by 12 rings, including two in the north and south.
One million tons, of which 523 million tons in the Milado mine, with an average copper grade of 0.532 per cent, and 282 million tons in the Milado North mine, with an average copper grade of 0.462 per cent.
200,000 tonnes/year, constructed in two phases, with a design capacity of 90,000 tonnes/year, and a design capacity of 110,000 tonnes/year. Milado copper mine, completed on 8 July 2019, with two selected production lines, each of which designed the primary ore disposal capacity of 10 million tonnes/year.
67.8% of production capacity: in 2022, two production lines were fully produced in the Milado copper mine phase, with 21.136,000 tons of original minerals in the year, 12.12 million tons of corrosive copper in the year, with an annual production rate of 134.7%, and the actual extraction of the quality of the enhanced copper in the first phase exceeded the design expectations. The Mirado II project is still under preparation for approval and construction, and the second phase does not have a heavy construction effort.
The company’s domestic mines include direct mines, which, according to the company’s annual report of 2022, produce 52,000 tons of copper and 1629,000 tons of cathode copper.
With only 3.2% of the copper resource self-sufficiency rate, the company ' s copper resource self-sufficiency rate will be exceeded by 10% in one production period, and the post-partum self-sufficiency rate is expected to continue to rise.
The company buys copper concentrates and coppers (i.e. raw materials) primarily. The company sells copper concentrates after they have been coarsed, refined into cathode copper, or after they have been refined into cathode copper. The purchase price for copper concentrates and coppers (i.e. raw materials) is determined by deducting the agreed processing fee from the market price for cathode copper.
The copper smelting industry is leading, and the smelting capacity continues to expand. Companies have a deep technological build-up in copper mining selection, copper smelting.
Construction of new production support facilities such as copper smelting, electrolysis, high-end copper wires, flue gas acids, project-scale construction of 500,000 tonnes/year of copper line materials production, 1.7 million tonnes/year of sulphuric acid by-product, 30 months of project construction period, this expansion is aimed at taking advantage of the industrial scalability effect, increasing corporate market ownership, and enhancing the competitiveness and sustainable development of the company market.
Figure 14: Production of copper smelting and municipal coverage
The company’s copper-coated business is mainly copper-coated and lithium-electric. The company’s copper-coated business is mainly copper-coated, and its products are mainly pcb copper-coated and lithium-cell copper-based. The pcb copper-plate is the main raw material for the manufacture of copper sheets (ccl), the printing of circuit boards (pcb), which are the backbone of the electronic information industry and end-uses.
In the areas of communications, computers, consumer electronics, and car electronics. Lithium battery copper is one of the essential building blocks in the manufacture of lithium batteries. The company ' s lithium battery copper silicon products are mainly lithium battery copper silicon for power cells, lithium battery copper silicon for digital electronics, lithium battery copper silicon for storage, and eventually are used in new energy vehicles, electric bicycles, 3c digital products, energy storage systems, etc.
Figure 16: Chart of the pcb copper platinum production process Figure 17: Chart of the lithium battery copper platinum production process The copper platinum operation is dual-nuclear-driven and effectively avoids the risk of operating.
In this area, the company produces pcb bronze products such as high-temperature extended bronze (hte zirconium), reverse treatment of bronze (rtf zirconium), high tg unhalogenated bronze (hte-w) and very low-extreme bronze (hvlp molten).
The company produces the main product specifications for lithium batteries, such as 4.5 μm, 6 μm, 7 μm, and 8 μm. In both areas, the company has the ability to produce high-end varieties and accumulate high-quality customer resources.
The two-nuclear-driven development model of "pcb copper + lithium battery bronze" can fully benefit from the dividends of the downstream copper industry and avoid the potential business risks of a single business. Copper platinum production can continue to be released, the industry consolidated.
It continues to expand. According to the subsidiary ' s annual 2022 report, in 2022, the company ' s total capacity for copper has reached 55,000 tons, of which pcb is marked as having a capacity of 35,000 tons; lithium electricity production for copper is 20,000 tons; and lithium batteries are being built with a capacity of 25,000 tons of copper per year, bringing the company ' s total capacity for copper production to 80,000 tons.
2.4 The by-products range, the sulphate business is highly profitable, the by-product production is higher than expected, and the sulphate and gold business are the main components. In addition to the main copper business, companies also have by-products such as sulphate, gold, silver, iron ore and sulfur ore. In 2022, the company produced 49.54 million tons of sulphate and gold.
18.8 tons, 512.5 tons of silver, 357,000 tons of iron ore, and 52.4 million tons of sulphur ore, which are higher than expected. Of this, sulphuric acid and gold are the company's most important by-products, gold smelted by the company is extracted mainly from copper ore, at different prices based on its gold content.
By-products, industrial downstream products such as herbic acid, titanium powder, ammonium sulphate, zinc sulphate, copper sulphate, etc. are used in such areas as fertilizers, dyes, drugs, explosives, batteries, petrochemicals, detergents, etc. There are three main processes for the production of sulphate, and smelting is an important form of acid production.
Sulphur-based acid is a form of acid that converts equipment to sulfuric acid by using sulfur as the basis for fast-sulfur sulfur smelting and liquid sulfur combustion, for example, using high-temperature thermal energy in liquids. Sulphur-based acid is a boiling burn for sulfur-based iron ore, followed by gas purification and reabsorption patterns that produce sulfuric acid.
Cleaning up sulphur dioxide in the flue gas, drying it up, and eventually converting to the way in which it is absorbed to receive sulphuric acid. According to the Chinese Association of Sulphur Industries, smelting acid accounted for more than 35 per cent in 2022, and smelting acid is expected to continue to expand in the future with the expansion of non-ferrous metal smelting capacity.
Figure 20: Sulphur sulfate process The company has a high yield of sulphuric acid and is expected to continue to grow in the future. According to the 2021 China Institute of Economics and Industry, the company produces 48,680 tons of sulphuric acid, ranking third (first by cloudization and second by Jiangxi copper).
In addition, the company planned a new copper-based material project containing 1.7 million tons of new sulphuric acid production capacity, which is expected to rise to a new level.
During the first half of the year, the price of sulphuric acid rose significantly, up to a maximum of $1,000 per tonne, against a background of environmental restrictions and power restrictions affecting supply and demand. After the second half of the year 2022, the price of sulphuric acid began to fall as the demand and demand of the supply were reduced, particularly in the chemical market. As of 31 July 2023, the market price of sulphuric acid (98%) had fallen.
It is expected that in the second half of the year, the domestic fertilizer autumn market will be launched and that improvements in fertilizer exports are expected to boost the demand for sulphuric acid, the price of sulphuric acid, or a steady upward trend, contributing to the improvement in the performance of corporate chemical panels.
Three copper prices are expected to remain high, while the mineral-metallurgical balance point is expected to move behind. 3.1 copper prices are expected to remain high.
In early 2022, Chinese-American manufacturing moved back into the cattle market, with prices for basic metals falling, and the current rate of growth in manufacturing stocks is close to the bottom.
According to icsg, global mineral copper production grew by 1.44% in January-May 2023, below market expectations, and Chile, as the main contributor to global copper supply in January-May, accounted for the same percentage of copper production in January-May.
The decline of 5.6% is a major factor in slowing global output emissions. In the long run, global spending on copper capital has been insufficient and supply has increased at a marginal rate. Global mining capital spending has increased dramatically in the cattle cycle 2009 - 2011, followed by copper prices, bears, and capital spending has been on a five-year downwards cycle.
Due to the scarcity of new projects due to the decline in global mineral investment, combined with declining taste and depletion of resources, copper production is much higher than in the year when the demand for and supply of refined copper maintain a tight balance, and the prices of financial attributes are higher. On the basis of statistics on the country’s new smelting capacity, we gave the country an increase of 6.8% in refined copper production in 2023, assuming that refined copper imports were relatively stable and native during the year.
The overall supply of copper grew by 4.4% at a reasonable rate of growth in key demand areas, extrapolating 4.7% of refined copper demand in 2023, while the refined copper market as a whole was in a tight equilibrium pattern during the year, which would underpin copper prices. From a year-on-year copper price drive, the impact of financial attributes on prices remains prominent, with the Fed ending with interest-rate hikes, and the opening of interest-rate-reduction cycles is expected to drive the dollar.
The rate of return on the US debt is down, and the financial properties of copper are expected to rise upwards. 3.2 The metal balance moves behind, processing costs remain high, copper concentrate processing costs remain high, and the mineral balance moves behind.
The main indicator of the laxity of demand for smelting capacity, affected by the new crown epidemic, the limited supply of copper from overseas in 2020, and the insufficient supply of mineral relative smelting led to persistently low weekly processing fees for copper concentrate in the first half of 2020-2021, with long single tc falling near a cost line of about $60. After the second half of 2021, with the global supply of copper, and the capacity of copper smelting to release.
At a relatively slow pace, the remelt balance began to tilt towards the laxity of the mine, and processing fees continued to rise. The long processing fee was set at $88 in 2023. In August, the Chilean miner Antofagasta and the Chinese smelter agreed to supply copper concentrate to China in 2024 (tc/rc) for treatment/rc of $8.8 cents/lb) and processing fees in 2023 for water.
Parity also implies that the supply of copper concentrates will remain relatively relaxed in 2024 as compared to the smelting capacity, that the effect of the slowdown in copper supply on processing fees will be reflected in further cycles, that the time balance of minerals will shift and that higher tc profits from the smelting industry will remain high.
Ten thousand tons, total sales of cathode copper 170/175/2.1 million tons, and total sales of bronze by subsidiaries 46.6-66-75 million tons; assuming average sales of cathode copper by companies 67500/68000/68000/tonne, average processing fees of bronze can be maintained at $22,000/tonne per year, and copper concentrate tc at $88/88/70/tonne.
Tons at a gold price of $435/450/450/g; assuming sales of 496/506/65.6 million tons of sulphuric acid and an annual average price of 285/300/ton of sulphuric acid; given that the company is a smelting company that continues to increase the self-sufficiency of copper resources, we have selected two typical copper smelting companies, Jiang.
The western copper and Yunnan copper industries, a new company to acquire copper mine resources, Kim Ling Nam, and the head copper mine company Purple gold mining, four companies, as comparable companies, averaged 10.6 times the average perpe in 2024, representing essentially the average estimate of copper industry, table 7: comparative company valuation (as of 9 August 2023)
The risk of a significant drop in copper prices is not as high as expected, the risk of overseas operations, and the risk of acquisition of assets is not as high as expected, nor will any form of compensation be obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.