The new contract has grown rapidly and the mineral resources have increased their performance.
In July, the company signed a new single contract for major works worth more than $1 billion.
The iron and steel industry is the largest carbon-emitting industry in the manufacturing industry, and the iron and steel metallurgy sector is expected to rise in the carbon-neutral context.
New opportunities. The company, as a national team for metallurgical construction, has a high share in the market for both domestic and foreign metallurgists, with the company winning the first global hydrogen energy development in 2020 using a demonstration project - a demonstration project for the development and use of river and steel hydrogen energy.
To explore the best way to develop a low-carbon, even “zero-carbon” economy in the world's steel industry, there is great potential for the future.
Several national steel-structured engineering centres, such as the Centre for Structural Engineering Research, the Centre for Engineering in the Manufacture and Installation of Central Metallurgical Structures.
A total of 13 secondary subsidiaries, 32 steel-structured manufacturing bases (excluding pipeline and equity enterprises) and a total of 1.65 million tons of designed capacity at steel-structured bases (excluding on-site production and foreign affairs components), representing mainly industrial plants
Houses, super-high-rises, other public buildings, bridges, masts, etc. The company’s steel-building base covers almost all hot spots of the country’s economy and continues to build the core competitiveness of the company’s “medium-metallurgy” brand.
Some of the metal mineral revenues have reached record levels. The resource development industry of the company is concentrated on mining mineral resources such as nickel, cobalt, copper, zinc, lead, etc. Mining, smelting, etc. The mineral resources projects developed and operated by the company include the following:
The Rikiki Cobalt Project in Papua New Guinea, the Douda Lead Zinc Mining Project in Pakistan, the Mandak Copper Gold Mining Project in Pakistan, and the Ainak Copper Mining Project in Afghanistan, among which the Riki Manga Cobalt Cobalt mine is China’s best operating level overseas in recent years and has reached production rates.
Cobalt (mhp) is an important raw material for the production of three-dollar battery positive material pre-drivers and is a major component of the company's involvement in the new energy industry chain, with revenues from January-April this year.
Compared to more than 110%, the total profit exceeds the year 2020 and is in the best position in history. I am personally committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.