Starwoo shares (601799): The first six months of the epidemic, new energy customers opening up opportunities for growth.
Cost-sharing with the mainframe because of the high price of raw materials. 3) Costs: 22q2 company sales cost, management cost rate, R&D cost rate, financial cost rate -0.95 pct, respectively. Increases in R&D and management costs are mainly due to employee remuneration, depreciation amortization and research
The product structure continues to be optimized to see the growth space of the company in the trend towards upgrading of the lights. The company matrix of technology such as led, afs, adb, dlp, etc., is well stocked and, as the technology evolves towards digitisation, intelligence, and interactivity, the product structure of the company is in a state of readiness to upgrade and is now in place.
With a red flag, Chiré's three-car dlp order, we're looking at a steady increase in the value of the company's carlights and bicycles. Changes in the technology of the carlights will also build high corporate technical barriers.
With an autonomous R & D system in place, and close cooperation with China for the co-development of smart-light control systems, mature simultaneous design development capabilities are expected to be a unique competitive advantage. New energy sources, autonomous brands, and new production packages are well developed, and new ones are available.
The energy car intelligentness wave and the increase in brand ownership, based on the original joint venture client base, have received orders from a number of new power head cars, including pelicans, ideals, argon and kryptonium, and some 40 per cent of the new energy vehicle projects carried out by 22h1 companies.
In terms of accompaniment capacity, phase I, II and III of the company ' s smart manufacturing estates have been put into use, automobile electronics and research and development centres have been gradually put into use, and five phases of the smart manufacturing estates (cross-cutting front lamps) have been introduced.
Construction has started and domestic car sales are back up as the epidemic calms down, and the lights are rising.cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
Further penetration, further expansion of new energy customers, and we're looking forward to the possibility of the company's capacity utilization going to building No. 1 of House 9 in the west corner of Beijing City, which corresponds to 33.5 times, 29.5 times and 23.3 times, respectively.
\triangleright Figure 2: Company ' s calendar year net profit / year-on-year increase Figure 4: Company ' s quarterly return net profit / year-on-year increase
Figure 5: Quarterly Mäori Rates for Companies / Net Interest Rates, Figure 6: Quarterly Cost Rates for Companies, 4 core team members. 4 years of research experience in the automobile industry, specializing in top-down investment opportunities.
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in Tesla’s industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous branding. Cao Zingjie, Assistant Researcher in the Sinda Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, covering, inter alia, smart cars, car connections, new driving forces, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.