The 22q2 Māori ratio has improved, with a multilateral drive toward a performance trap The epidemic has disturbed short-term operations, the 22q2 Māori ratio has improved and the long-term growth logic has remained unchanged. 1) Performance: \triangleright
33.82%, mainly 22q2, were seriously affected by the epidemic. 1) The epidemic affected the capacity of the plant.
The cost of gas (q2 sales equal to -3.89 per cent) and toyota (q2 sales equal to -5.05 per cent) has improved as a result of an increase in the volume of production, e.g. exchange and freight costs. 2) Costs: 22h1 companies have a fee rate of 3.73 per cent, compared to -0.66 pc, increased cost control capacity; 22h1 companies have invested $232 million in R & D, compared to +40.56 per cent in R & D costs.
The research assistant, Guo Yumong, is a multilateral driver of “product upgrading + customer expansion + capacity expansion” and the company is expected to come to a point of performance. \triangleright
End of story: The upgrade of the front lamp to the adb further boosts the value of the front lamp backload, 2021. The company took on a new project order of about $13.5 billion, including adb headlights, dlp headlights and carlight controllers.
As projects such as the company’s high-valued adb lamps are released in an orderly manner, the company’s product structure will continue to rise to the finals of 2025, with a three-stage reverse upgrade to a new car recovery. 22H1 has been successful in developing and receiving a high c-ncap rating.
The development of the front lamp 2022/06/01 is also accelerating, and the company’s products will continue to benefit from the trend of car intelligence. Client: the company is consolidating the original German family (a mass, BMW, Audi, etc.), the solar system (I).
Toyota, Toyota East, East Feng Honda East, etc.), the US Department (uplift general, Chang Anfoat) and the autonomous brand of cars (a red flag, Gilly car, Hiroshima car, etc.) have built up access to new energy customers and related projects, which are now in the "new power" of cars, pelicans and ideals.
The number of new energy vehicle projects undertaken by the company is about 40%, and the quality of the new project provides a strong guarantee for the future development of the company.
In addition, Sylvie abroad has been entering the stage of wholesale production since the beginning. Based on Serbian factories, companies will gradually expand Europe’s and even the global market for car lights, bringing significant growth to the company’s medium- and long-term development.
The \triangleright division, as a leading domestic vehicle lamp company, is expected to enjoy a valuation premium and maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.