Qualified national car lighting provider, expecting improved client structure, suffering from the epidemic and some of the vehicle sales, with a drop in revenue from q2.
The 41 per cent increase in the same year was due mainly to the increase in remuneration due to the increase in the number of research and development staff. q2 Mäori ratio q2 – a 22-q1 rating of the star stock, 2. 21 q4 was dragged by a missing core and 22 q1 orders accelerated.
The R&D rate rises by 2.6 pct over q1 and the net interest rate decline by 0.8 pct. Steady progress is being made in building productive capacity, with a higher share of revenue expected from new energy vehicles.
Phases I, II and III have been completed and put into use, and the development of the front lights of the "Cutting One" has been advanced. Five phases of the Smart Manufacturing Industrial Park (Cutting One Lamps Plant) have been built.
The number of car-type projects is about 40%, with new forces, new energy vehicle orders, and a marked improvement in corporate revenue and customer structure. The rise of autonomous brands and new energy vehicles, the acceleration of national production substitution, and a clear corporate advantage.
With the rise of autonomous brands and the rapid rise in the share of new energy vehicles, the company’s client structure, which is dominated by co-financing companies, has suffered short-term fatigue, but the company is the industry’s best domestic product.
One of the counterparts, relying on the advantages of low prices, large production capacity and high quality reliability of raw materials, will accelerate the replacement of domestic production for foreign-owned light suppliers, with a marked optimization of customer and income structures.
Qiu Wai Risks from rising raw materials; chip shortages mitigate less than expected risks; lower than expected risk from downstream customers; lower than expected risk from overseas factory orders
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment