The Center for Medical Health Research, with its almond pulses, recovery, digital medicine, innovation incubation and re-emerging, has the capital to invest in several incubation projects in Shanghai. (1) Shanghai recovery, 2017.
Investment Management Corporation, which includes the Incubation Platform for Reciprocal and Micro-Inventive Medical Device Development, which currently has four major incubating companies, Gene Cell Therapy Products Development Corporation, Precision Technology, Microeco-Cyclology Products Development of Biohealth, and Oncology Precision Treatment algorithms.
1. Resurveillance Medicines Review - 4.5 billion fixed landings, innovations, and individualized oncology immunotherapy.
The company owned the commercial launch of the new coronary oral medicine, 2022.7.26.
A 51 per cent return to the sea, which will increase to 100 per cent once the deal is completed, (3) the early start of the Shanghai rediscovery. 3. The Restar Medicines Point Review - Introduction of a 2 new drug, new projects to accelerate the transformation of cutting-edge technology; and companies to further increase the share of the innovation incubation platforms.
Self-researching of fluorourinary pyrolysis declared on the market, 2022.6.30 Almondian Science and Technology, i.e., expansion of digital medicine. (1) almond medicine, established as a medical doctor in 2018. 4. National Gold Medicines - Annual Review of Retromedical Medicines - Innovation
At present, apricot technology has more than 40 ali-assisted diagnostic products.
More than 500 hospitals nationwide have been introduced for radiology, testing, pathology, etc. (2) almonds continue, innovation is on the rise. 2021.10.27 The commercialization of the arteries was initiated in 2021, with an operating income of $2.354 million from almond medicine in 2021;
According to market law, the value of apricot technology benefits is about 802 million yuan. Previously, the company had almond pulses, which would be used for research and development, marketing and day-to-day operation of almond art; it would help with digital medicine.
The risk that policies such as new drug development and marketing will affect the profitability of the product is not as high as expected. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating as the average market investment