The Center for Medical Health Research has increased the share of new medicines, equity incentives have been introduced, and research and development inputs have been strong, with a fair value loss of more than $1 billion. Performance meets expectations.
During the year, the company collected 21.34 billion yuan, an increase of 25.88 per cent over the same year, and the share of new products continued to rise. Of this, mrna’s new crown vaccine, rétosque, detours, and Scruley’s new antiquities, accounted for more than 25 per cent of the revenues of the tablets; and China’s off-continent region and other countries earned 7,592 million yuan, a share of the revenues.
1. Re-Star Medicines Review - Increase almond pulses and retour, 35.58 per cent. (2) The subsidiary medical equipment business, such as re-medical technology and Bojoya, has covered the Central and European region, and new coronary test kits for re-star diagnosis have been sold in more than a dozen countries.
2. Resurveillance Medicines Review - a fixed increase of 4.5 billion, innovation R & D investment continues to grow and the chain of innovation industry is well-structured. (1) In the first half of 2022, company research and development of medicines and raw materials added momentum, 2022.7.27
Investment of 2,399 million yuan, an increase of 22.77 per cent; research on innovative medicines, bio-like drugs, imitation pharmaceuticals, etc. 3. Re-Star Medicines Review - Launching of the Commercialization of New Credential Medicines in the First Cooperative Real Life Country, 2022.7.26
The company’s co-operation with Biontech’s new Mrna vaccine has been selling over 30 million doses since it was marketed. (3) The company’s first-ever marketed car-t-cell therapy product in the country is Qaeda.
4. Respiratory Medicines Review - Introduction of a 2nd New Pharmacy (National Gold Medicines - Annual Review of Retro Medicines - Innovative Promulgation); August 2022, 2 Line treatment of adult large b-cell lymphoma was approved for clinical treatment.
The stock incentive program was launched, the innovative vaccine headquarters was built, and it will be ready. (1) The company launched the equity incentive to build an innovative vaccine headquarters and industrial bases with no more than $1 billion to advance the development of the vaccine pipeline.
The risk that policies such as new drug development and marketing will affect the profitability of the product is not as high as expected. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating as the average market investment