On July 25, 2022, the company announced the signing of the Strategic Cooperation Agreement with the real creature.
A strategic collaboration on issues such as exclusive commercialization of Azov. The first brand-new commercialization of small-molecular drugs in the country and the addition of new ones.
The formulation, which inhibits the rna polymerase on which the new coronary virus is based, was approved with conditions at nmpa on July 25 for the treatment of the common coronary adult patients. Previously, Azov was scheduled to receive AIDS treatment for his adaptive condition in July 2021. (2) The clinical results of the ii phase for the new coronary adaptive disorder are clear.
1. Re-Star Medicines Review - Introduction of a 2nd new drug, i.e. Azov's prescriptions can significantly reduce the period of improvement in the symptoms of patients with a moderate new crown, and 7 days after the first drug is given, self-promotion of fluorine is declared on the market, 2022.6.30.
The rate of improvement in the symptoms of the Tsiv treatment group was 40.43 per cent, significantly better than 10.87 per cent of the placebo group.
The company will pay 100 million to real life within five working days.
The company will pay 400 million yuan and 300 million yuan, respectively, to real life.
4. Anticipated Medicines - New Medicines in mid-2021. New coronary special effects are on the market at an accelerated pace, with immediate post-epidemic repairs. Azves is the first approved country to produce a new coronary oral medicine.
In our view, China has now received new drugs from small-scale, Chinese- and anti-body-producing molecules that help to prevent and treat the epidemic, as well as to rehabilitate the disease in its entirety. The new drug development and marketing process are not as predictable as expected, and the risk of product profitability being affected by such policies as harvesting.
Zhao Hae-chun points, then calculates an average of the final points as an average market investment