Strategic convergence on oral medications for the first nation-origin small-capture molecule 27/07/2022 : 25/07/2022, re-star medicine announced a strategic collaboration with real creatures.
The area of cooperation is the area of new coronary disease, drugs, AIDS treatment and prevention; cooperative products include raw drugs, tablets, and all other agent-type products containing the substance of Azov; cooperative areas include China (not covered).
The restar medicine will pay up to $800 million for cooperation with real life, and will cover the cost of subsequent clinical trials and commercialization, the Maori generated from sales in the country, and the cost of resurfacing medicine.
Industry and real life are distributed according to 50%: 50% or 55%: 45%. The specific division and proportion of overseas sales is subject to further agreement.
On July 25, the National Drug and Monitoring Service approved the application for the registration of the real-life Azov card for new coronary pneumonia treatment, which is used to treat new types of common coronary disease.
In addition, on 20 July 2021, the Azov sedentary was approved by the National Drug Control Service (NDS) under conditions for the treatment of high-virus-borne adult HIV-1 infections with other reversible enzyme inhibitors.
▪ Azov's pricing and approvals have a remarkable advantage and are expected to bring a greater performance profile to the company: At present, Azov's selling price for AIDS drugs is $25.86/mg and is expected to be evaluated against the new crown
The price of the adaptive condition is not higher than this price. Based on 5 mg a day, seven days of medication, an internationalized company leads a high-quality course of treatment at a cost of about $905, and the price is expected to fall further after a large purchase, compared to Pfizer.
The price advantage of the paxlodid is evident in the price of 2300 yuan per box of domestic health insurance. In addition, as the first approved new crowning molecule in the country, there is a strong pre-emptive advantage, which is expected to lead to a joint venture for companies that are more than Biontech investments.
By the end of the year, the company earned 35% of its income abroad, and the commercialization team outnumbered 1,200 people. The commercialization of the market for the new mrna vaccine, which was set to go abroad before the Azov season, is expected to further enhance the company’s internationalization and efficiency.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: as the research and development of innovative products of companies continues to materialize, and Hae, " Restardly Medicines (600196): 2020: Accelerating transformation of innovative products " .
Ratings. With the new crown epidemic becoming more difficult to predict, the profit forecast does not include small molecules, the three major financial forecasting tables for the restar medicine.