The Centre for Medical Health Studies has increased its presence by 4.5 billion yuan, and the development of innovative medicines and raw materials has given rise to a total of 4,484 million yuan for (i) innovative medicines clinically, licensed for introduction and (ii) raw materials medicines and production.
(i) The company proposes to use $1.874 million for clinical development, commercialization licences, milestone payments and part of the product.
(ii) Costs associated with the preparation of the product for the market. (2) The project involved 11 innovative projects: fcn-437, acid 1. Re-Star Medicines Review - Introduction of 2 New Medicines, Iron Phosphoric Solves (triferic), fs-1502, fcn-159, Lilalupe, survaxm,
Self-reclamation of fluorine, 2022.6.30 tenapanor, balixafortide, stem cell therapy (ctx), stem cell therapy (hrpc), new 2. National Gold Medicines - Annual Review of Resemble Medicines - Innovations
The company has developed a multi-layered model of cooperation in the development and development of innovative medicines, such as autonomous research and development, co-development, licensing, incubation, rapid entry into innovative products with unmet clinical needs, further enrichment of the company ' s innovative drug pipeline and increased market competitiveness.
3. The 3rd Quarterly Review of Recommenced Medicines - New Varieties Holdings Vertical integration of the industrial chain of pharmaceutical preparations of raw materials and intensive upgrading of production capacity. (1) The company intends to use 1,349 million yuan for the Integrated Base Project for Specialized Material Bases and for the Integration of Formulations. (2) The project locates the site.
“The mid-2021 Review of Re-Star Medicines - New Medicines, Production of Innovative Products, and Innovative Medicines and Special Formulations”, where raw materials can be used directly for the production of corporate formulations, “Integration of raw materials” can be better responded to in the context of intensive mining
Price pressures, taking advantage of cost advantages. (3) Companies have rich experience in scale production in raw materials, in the development and production of preparations, and in producers.
The risk that new drug research and development and marketing processes will affect the profitability of products is not as high as expected. Zhao Hae-chun scores, and then calculates the final score as the average market investment.