Innovative product sales and internationalization strategies are steadily moving forward The new product sales in the pharmaceutical business and the overall growth of the individual portfolios The sub-business portfolio shows that during the reporting period, companies achieved business income of $14.327 billion in the pharmaceutical business.
This represents an increase of 16.97 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate of 54.57 per cent, a decrease of 2.86 percentage points from the same period last year. Medical devices and diagnostics achieved operating income of $4.043 billion, an increase of 42.51 per cent in the same year; Māori rate of 34.45 per cent, a decrease of 12.08 percentage points from the same period last year.
In the reporting period, the product structure of the pharmaceutical business continued to be optimized, with sales of various varieties, such as Han Likang, Han Kuyo, Su Ko-hyun, Ko-tae, Hong Kong Ado-Tai, and Hans, promoted the company.
Overall performance has increased sustainably; on the medical and aesthetic side, the strong growth of the SISRAM business in major markets such as North America and Europe, with SISRAM generating $175 million in revenue and a net profit of $20.53 million during the reporting period, all of which has increased significantly over the same period.
Subregionally, the company’s mainland China business generated revenue of 13.748 billion yuan during the reporting period.
This represents an increase of 16.96 per cent over the same period; during a period of 7,592 million operating revenues in regions outside China and in other countries, the company and the Anjin Holding Company authorized exclusive commercialization of 2 innovative drugs in China (excluding the Hong Kong Atota region) in relation to Ottel and Parsabiv.
The licence has further enriched the layout of innovative products in the non-oncology field; the company-controlled subsidiary has granted a large number of product licences to companies such as organon, eurofarma, getzpharma, with the help of leading international partners to cover the incremental market at the end of the reporting period.
Over 1,400 members of the external commercialization team have set up marketing platforms in the United States, Africa and Europe and have achieved direct sales of preparations to the United States market, sisram, breas, etc.
Medical equipment operations have covered major areas such as China, the United States, Europe, etc., and new coronary nucleic acid test kits and new coronary antigen test kits for repeat star diagnostics have been marketed in more than 10 countries.In the reporting period, companies increased their research on biopharmaceuticals, small molecular innovations, and innovation incubators.
Inputs, research and development, amounting to 2,062 million yuan, an increase of 16.04 per cent over the same period, have developed and formed platforms for small molecular innovation, antibodies, cell therapy in priority disease areas such as central nervous systems, which account for revenues from the pharmaceutical industry, and actively explore the degradation of rna, gene therapy, adc, target-to-protein, etc.
Technical layout. At the end of the reporting period, the company was working on more than 260 innovative medicines, bio-like drugs, imitation drugs, consistent evaluation, among which 22 small molecular innovation drugs (clinical stage 3), 32 bio-innovative drugs (clinical phase 8), which allowed for the introduction of 16 innovative drugs (clinical period ii)
The Chinese securities medicine team, which covers the entire medical plate, has developed, after years of sedimentation, a more sophisticated system of research and analysis that has a wide range of coverage, unique insights, etc., and which is not relevant to many countries and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is not about citizens or residents of any area, country or other jurisdiction who intend to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations. The copyrights of the material in this report belong to China Securities.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.