Wang Wei-chul (600196.sh/2196.hk) contracted for the commercialization of the first national brand drug to enrich the new line of product.
The company has issued a public announcement that the holding company will sign a Strategic Cooperation Agreement between the pharmaceutical industry and real life, and that strategic cooperation will be desirable to promote joint development and the exclusive commercialization of the pharmaceutical industry with Azov.
The proposed area of cooperation is within China (excluding the Hong Kong Atota region) and most of the world (not including Russia, Ukraine, Brazil, and other South American countries and regions).
Small molecular drugs, a wide-range rna virus inhibitor, have been granted Nmpa with other reversible enzyme inhibitors to treat adults with HIV with high viral loads on July 20, 20, 2021. Since it is possible to suppress the new coronary virus rna polymerase, it has been introduced in Russia, Brazil, etc.
According to the clinical results of the ii phase published by real organisms, 40.43% of the victims of improved clinical symptoms in the 7th day after the first dose were Azov, 10.87% of the placebo group (p value <0.001), which can significantly reduce the mediocre coronary sense of the virus.
This time, the Nmpa emergency condition was approved for adults with common-style new coronary pneumonia, for the country’s first approved treatment of the new coronary molecules, if the first course of treatment of 35 mg and reference to AIDS takes place.
The price of the adaptive disease, calculated at 25.86/mg, is about $900 per treatment, which is less than the $2,300 per treatment currently approved in the country for Pfizerpaxlovid, and will benefit China’s new crown. The reinstar has acquired commercial rights in most parts of the world, and the Maori share in the country is equal: the restar medicine is unique.
Domestic commercialization interests, cooperation in all areas related to the treatment and prevention of new coronary viruses and AIDS in Azov, in China (excluding the Hong Kong and Atota region) and in large parts of the world (excluding Russia, Ukraine, Brazil and other South American countries and regions).
After signing the agreement and completing the adjustment, the company will pay a total of about $800 million for real life, and the rate of subsequent regional sales in the country will vary according to the distribution area and will be distributed by the re-star pharmaceutical industry and real life according to 50 per cent: 50 per cent or 55 per cent: 45 per cent, and the share of overseas proceeds will be supplemented by a follow-up contract.
We believe that with a strong commercial capacity in the company and abroad, we can move up fast. The new crown is well-placed: after the new crown outbreak, the company’s full-scale brand new field of prevention and treatment is now being vaccinated against the new crown mrna vaccine in Hong Kong and the continent is now in its second clinical phase; and
In the field of small molecular therapy, the mpp has been licensed to produce and sell Molnupiravir in 95 low- and middle-income countries, and Nematwe/Litonave in Pfizer. In addition, the company has a new coronary virus nucleic acid test box and antigen test box product layout in the field of testing, which was obtained this time.
Azov’s right to commercialization will enrich the company’s product lines and provide it with more elasticity in its performance. Profit predictions: looking ahead, companies’ innovative products are coming into harvest, mrna’s new crown vaccine, new brandy of molecular medicine, etc. have greater elasticity in performance, and internationalization has opened up opportunities for future growth.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued.
The information in this report has not been independently verified.