The two-season development, Africa's pigpest affects slaughtering, and the structural transformation of meat products is a cause for anticipation.
(a) The high base leads to a slower rate of growth in meat products, with multiple factors leading to a slight decline in profit rates, but without the need for a profit margin of 21.1 per cent for the 3q18 meat products segment, and 1.4 pc per cent below the same ratio, mainly: (1) higher costs of raw materials other than pork; and (2) increased market support by companies to reduce wholesale prices at the first level;
Continuous improvement of product quality and process, increased use of pork raw materials; (4) increase in employee wages. We believe, increased market support, continuous improvement of quality and process, upgrading of employee wage instruments to the structural transformation of double-sink meat products, and 0.7 pct below the profit margin of 3q18
The rate remains relatively high, with no worries, and the structural transformation of meat products is expected to continue to work. The impact of the African swine plague on slaughter operations has been greater than previously anticipated, but it is recommended that a rational approach be taken.
The impact has been higher than previously anticipated, with 3q18 fresh frozen products being sold down by 4% on a year-on-year basis, a marginal increase of 0.5% in pig slaughter and an average profit of $52.0 (with pig purchasing areas, enhanced quarantine, reduced long-range transport, etc.) to prevent the outbreak.
Nineteen slaughter plants are spread throughout the country and are expected to be less affected by the next slaughter than the next one by increasing production in areas free of disease and low prices for pigs, and by limiting production in areas with high prices for pigs.
In 19 years, the price of pigs is expected to be higher than 18 years, the rate of profit from slaughter is likely to decline, structural transformation is expected to lead to a steady increase in the profit rate from meat-movement products, and we judge that the profit rate for the company as a whole can be stable. Under the influence of the African pigpest, the price is expected to be higher than 18 years, with regional price differentials and corporate slaughter money.
The rate of lubricant may have declined, but it can be reduced to a certain degree through measures in low-priced and high-priced areas; the structural transformation of meat products is expected to be sustained to offset the rising cost of pork raw materials; the profit rate of meat products may have risen steadily; overall, we judge the overall profits of the company in 19 years.
The long-termization of the African swine plague, the structural and channel changes have been less effective than expected.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, Yu Xiaoqiang