South Mountain Aluminium Industries (600219.sh) Metal Materials Group Automotive faucets continue to expand.
The sale of inefficient electrolytic aluminum production, regenerative aluminium and overseas electrolytic aluminium secures the supply of long-term raw materials, and the restructuring and optimization of the industrial layout and asset structure, in line with national industrial policy developments, completed the transfer of 336,000 tons of electrolytic aluminum production indicators in March of 23 years.
The building owner of the Department’s 100,000-ton regenerative aluminium project has been completed and the equipment is being manufactured and installed, and we are expected to move to production in the second half of the year. In April 23, the company announced a 250,000-ton electrolytic aluminium project at Bintan Industrial Park in Indonesia, which is expected to be completed by July 2026.
In a context where domestic electrolytic aluminum production is no longer superior, companies are willing to change and increase the production of aluminum and overseas electrolytic aluminum, thereby contributing to long-term cost-side security for the company’s raw materials. Domestic carboard production continues to expand.
It is expected that the 200,000 tons of capacity built will be released gradually by the end of the 24th century, in order to match the rapidly growing demand for new energy cars.
As a private business, the company is the only one in the country to be a host company for Boeing, Airflies, Chinese and others.
Companies that supply goods, and that are mature and stable in terms of quality, price and delivery, are more competitive and are fully recognized by aircraft manufacturing enterprises.
The implementation of the large aircraft c919 project, increased research and development on the airboards, and the promotion of product certification and increasing corporate brand influence. The domestic energy line has been reached, and carbon taxes have pushed up the price of long-term aluminium in the medium- and long-term.
As a result of possible carbon taxes and electricity prices in the continuing coloured industry, the Aluminium Price Operating Central would be based on the net operating cash flow per share roe (belonging to the parent company) (distribution)
Aluminium disassembly and aluminium-processing industries valued at 13.09 timespe in 2023 and company history valued water products with a sharp fall in prices; aluminium oxide and motor panel energy released less than expected; and production costs with a significant increase: RMB exchange rate fluctuations risk.
The South Mountain aluminium industry, which continues to expand, and the South-East Mountain aluminium industry, Inc., which was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 23 December 1999. High-level hits created the only region in the world with thermal power, aluminium oxide, alumina electrolysis, molten cast, aluminium/hot roll-cooling-cooling/stamp pressure,
Aluminium recycling (reclamation) is the shortest-range industrial chain for the complete processing of aluminium. The company has consistently adhered to a development strategy of “innovation-driven, high-end manufacturing, precision processing” and the end product is widely applied to aviation, automobiles, orbital traffic, ships, energy, petrochemicals, containers, industrial materials, fine civilian materials, high-end system doors and windows, containers, food packagings, batteries, aluminium depths.
Currently, the main clients are aircraft manufacturing plants such as Chinese commercial flights, American Boeing, British Rolo, French Fountains: BMW, popular, general-purpose and well-known new-energy automobile manufacturers in China and abroad; orbital equipment manufacturing plants such as Chinese cars, Chinese Quadros, Changchun buses; communications enterprises such as Hua, Apple, Samsung; and food and beverages such as Pepsi Coke, Chinese food groups.
To become a member of the world’s cutting edge aviation material supplier club and the country’s first producer of two aluminium plates in four cars, the company’s size and output are at the forefront of the aluminium industry.
The company will continue to promote the downstream extension of the Aluminium Oxide project in Bintang, Indonesia, and gradually build an integrated production chain in Indonesia, emerging from China's heavy dependence on foreign resources; while continuing to play the role of a market operating centre in Europe, the United States and Singapore, increasing the company's influence in the international market and creating a world-class aluminium-processing enterprise.
As of the first quarter of 2023, the South Mountain Group was the controlling shareholder of the company, directly holding 20.17 per cent of the company ' s shares, indirectly holding 22.04 per cent of the shares through the EI power and electricity industry, holding 42.21 per cent of the total shares, and actually controlling the village villagers ' committees in the South Mountain.
In 2022, the company achieved business income of $34.951 billion, an increase of 21.68 per cent, and a net profit of $3.516 billion, an increase of 3.07 per cent. According to the first quarterly report of 2023, the company ' s operating income was $6.834 billion, a slippage, on the one hand, because the sales price of core products fell by the same ring, with the average price for colored aluminium in the 1q23 River at $18.5 million per ton.
This compares with 16.82% and the ring ratio - 1.62%; and the average tax price of the Australian fob aluminium oxide containing $361 per tonne, corresponding to 15.1% and the ring ratio +13.98%. On the other hand, a quarter of the country’s annual consumption has led to a low-season period, with the same volume of aluminium processed products falling, and the Aluminium Oxide overseas project, which has been re-issued by Indonesia, has led to a decline in product production.
The company’s main product categories are chilled products, aluminium-based products, aluminum alloys, aluminium oxides, hot rolls, and high-precision aluminum. Cold rollers accounted for 61.78% of the income of the main business in 2022, and aluminium-based products accounted for 13.68% of the income of the main business.
The company focused on the development of high-value-added products such as motor panels, aviation plates, power cells, etc., with sales of high-end products accounting for 12.92 per cent of total sales of aluminium products in 2022, an increase of 0.26 per cent in the same year and 21.16 per cent in the total volume of aluminium products, an increase of 1.27 per cent in the same year, with further releases of high-end products and a widening of profit margins for high-end products in the future.
In 2022, the company produced 3.4 million tons of aluminium oxide and 816,000 tons of aluminium electrolytic.
Tons, 320,000 tons of aluminium material, 1 million tons of hot rolls, 800,000 tons of cold rolls, and 91,000 tons of aluminum. It is expected that in 2025, the former company’s output expansion will be mainly heat and cold, mainly due to the company’s construction of 200,000 tons of carboards, while aluminium and soon production will decline as a result of the sale of the target.
In January 23, the company signed a Cooperation Framework Intent Agreement with China Heavy Aircraft Co. Ltd. The agreement was signed by the company.