A.h.C.C. shares increase to show confidence in long-term development in the future.
Corporate proclamation: On 11 November 2023, the company announced that China ' s controlling shareholder, the company ' s petrochemical group, intended to increase the company ' s a and h shares through the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Hong Kong United Exchange Limited systems for a period of 12 months from the date of the announcement, with a cumulative amount of not less than RMB 1 billion (including this amount) and not more than RMB 2 billion (including this amount).
1) The Group’s growth of a and h shares demonstrates confidence in the future development of the company. We believe that the current announcement of the China-Plus Group’s increase in ownership is a combination of market-based capital operations that took into account the macroeconomic situation, the company’s current valuation, future development prospects, etc. In 2023, listed companies took advantage of integration to respond to market changes, increased production and marketing synergies, and achieved high-quality business outcomes. This increase also highlights the Group’s performance.
Recognition of and confidence in high-quality, sustainable growth development of listed companies. 2) The company’s performance in the third quarter is the same as the growth in the ring. According to the company announcement, the first three quarters of the year saw its operating income of $246.94 billion, compared to the previous three quarters, China’s economy has been recovering consistently well, with a 5.2% increase in the same year and a 5.2% decline in international crude oil prices in the first half of the year.
In the previous three quarters, the average spot price for crude oil was $82.1 per barrel, a 19.9 per cent decline compared with the previous three quarters. According to the company, the demand for natural gas in the previous three quarters had steadily increased, with consumption rising by 6.4 per cent compared to the previous three quarters; and domestic demand for finished oil had rebounded rapidly, with consumption showing a high-quality business result.
The price of goods fell by $80 per barrel, the lowest since July, mainly as a result of recent market concerns about the decline in global demand for crude oil and the release by the United States Crude Oil Association of information on a significant increase of 12 million barrels in United States crude oil stocks, but the voluntary cut-off agreement between Saudi Arabia and Russia was extended until the end of the year. We see that the crude oil price forecast areas of Yia, eia and Opc remain high at $90-95 for next year, and we believe that the crude oil is still high at $90-95.
Prices are supported at the bottom, and the Fed will push up the top of crude oil prices if it enters interest-reduction cycles next year. With global access to the season of high demand, as well as frequent offshore supply restrictions, foreign gas prices have continued to rise in the recent past, domestic gas will continue to be used as a clean energy source in the medium term, and will continue to grow at a higher rate of apparent consumption in the medium term, and we believe that overseas oil and gas prices are expected to remain at higher prices in the future.
The profits of the plate depend mainly on the cost of barrel oil and oil prices, and the high-level operation of oil prices will help the company to achieve a better performance in the exploration and development plate. 4) Listed companies continue to write off a large proportion of their purchases and show the company ' s confidence to develop. In order to safeguard the company ' s value and shareholders ' interests, the company continues to buy back shares both within and outside the country. As of 31 October 2023, the company had accumulated a share of 8.93 million shares and paid a total of $521 million.
We believe that China's petrochemical group has announced its plans for this increase, which takes into account the macroeconomic situation, the company's current valuation, future prospects, etc.
This increase also highlights the group’s recognition of, and confidence in, high-quality, sustainable growth in listed companies. The company’s performance in the third quarter is the same as that of the ring.
According to the company announcement, in the first three quarters, the company achieved operating income of $246.94 billion, an increase of 0.7 per cent in the previous quarter; in the third quarter, net return to mothers of $52.97 billion, a decrease of 7.5 per cent in the same year, with $17.86 billion in the third quarter, an increase of 34.0 per cent in the same year. In the first three quarters of 2023, the Chinese economy continued to recover well, with gdp rising by 5.2 per cent in the same year, international crude oil prices fell by 5.2 per cent in the first half of the year, rising rapidly in the third quarter, and in the previous three quarters, the average price of crude oil at Ptybrent was on the spot.
According to corporate statistics, the demand for natural gas in the previous three quarters had increased steadily, by 6.4 per cent compared to the previous three quarters; domestic demand for finished oil had rebounded rapidly, with consumption rising by 15.1 per cent compared to the previous year, with a 20.4 per cent increase in gasoline and diesel fuel.
Recent prices of Brent and Wti crude oil futures have fallen by $80 per barrel, the lowest level since July, mainly as a result of the recent decline in demand for crude oil due to market concerns about the whole world and the release by the American Crude Oil Association of information on a significant increase of 12 million barrels in United States crude oil stocks, but the high Saudi and Russian dollar levels suggest that crude oil prices are being supported at the bottom and that the Fed would push up the top of the price of crude oil if it entered a interest-reduction cycle next year.
As a result of global entry into the high demand season and the high incidence of overseas supply restrictions, foreign gas prices have continued to rise in the recent past, and future domestic natural gas as a clean energy source will continue to grow at a high nominal rate in the medium to long term, and we believe that in the future offshore oil and gas prices are expected to remain at a high price level. The profitability of company exploration and development plates will depend mainly on barrel oil costs and oil prices, and high-level oil prices will help companies to explore and develop.
A large percentage of repurchases by listed companies continues to be cancelled, highlighting the company's confidence in development: 1.5 billion yuan worth of self-financed shares issued by companies through the Shanghai Stock Exchange system are repurchased through a centralized competitive exchange, and the value of the repurchase is estimated at a maximum of RMB9.30/share, which is expected to be about 86.215 million shares - 160.903 million shares.
Up to three months from the date of approval of the programme by the Board of Directors, the repurchases will be fully cancelled and the registered capital reduced The first repurchase of the shares of the company in the current round of 10 million shares through a centralized competitive exchange on 21 September 2023 will be completed with the repurchase of the repurchases taking place within a month, and the repurchases will be fully cancelled.
• The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author