Three-quarter performances match expectations, and continued buybacks highlight confidence that petrochemicals, refining and trading companies are growing their third-quarter performance by comparison.
The sum of 2,469,941 million yuan, an increase of 0.68 per cent over the previous year; the net return to the mother is 52,966 million yuan, a decline in the same year, and China’s economy has been recovering steadily. Companies have made full use of the advantages of integration to cope with market changes, increase production and marketing, and achieve high-quality business outcomes.
Exploration and development plate: A more robust storage of oil and gas reserves has yielded better results. In exploration, a number of new oil and gas discoveries and major breakthroughs have been made in areas such as the Tari wood basin and the Bigal basin.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices Construction of productive capacities such as Zianyang, Ta river and semi-west to deepen the development of old oil fields; intensive implementation of natural gas storage and acceleration of capacity-building for equivalent production in the north and the west coast of Chuan. Increased integration of natural gas production for storage and distribution
In the first three quarters, 376.15 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent were achieved, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the previous three quarters, of which 9,92.98 million cubic feet were produced by natural gas, an increase of 8.7 per cent over the same period.
An effective integration of the “oil conversion” “oil turnover” rhythm, increasing the production of marketable products such as high-end lubricants, increasing the scale of exports and optimizing the pace and structure of exports. The first three quarters saw the processing of 193.74 million tons of crude oil, an increase of 7.6 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, and the production of 110.52 million tons of finished oil, an increase of 14.0 per cent compared to the previous three quarters.
The company actively promotes the development of a new business, expands the application of hydrogen energy, and transitions to an integrated energy service provider called Hydrogen. Meanwhile, it enhances its own branding of goods, actively expands the new business, and improves the quality and efficiency of its non-oil operations.
The total oil distribution was 181 million tons, an increase of 19.1 per cent over the same period, of which the total domestic sales of finished oils were 143 million. China ' s petrochemical (600028.sh)-a share buybacks were officially launched, and the export of finished oils was expected to be tons, an increase of 16.9 per cent over the same period.
" China ' s petrochemicals (600028.sh) - short-term pressure on performance, repurchases to show confidence " - the critical situation released quickly, the company stepped up its production of profitable products, strengthened its cost controls, and made efforts to achieve results. " China ' s petrochemicals (600028.sh) - significant improvement in the performance ring, and significant demand for finished oil.
In the first three quarters, the production of ethylene was increased steadily, with a steady increase in the proportion of high-value-added products.
The company’s performance grew in the third quarter. According to the company announcement, the company achieved operating income of $24,699,941 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 0.68 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $52,966 million, a decrease of 7.5 per cent in the same year, an increase, with the average spot price of Prent crude oil in the previous three quarters being $82.1 per barrel, a decline of 19.9 per cent in the same year.
In the previous three quarters, domestic demand for natural gas increased steadily, with an apparent 6.4 per cent increase in consumption over the same period;
In terms of development, there has been a significant increase in oil and gas discoveries and breakthroughs in areas such as the Bain Gall basin, and the construction of a national model zone has been very effective. In terms of development, there has been a sustained increase in the scale of production and efficiency in the construction of production capacities such as Ziyang, the Tat River, the Chaixi, etc., as well as the further development of the old oil fields; intensive efforts have been made to increase the production of natural gas reserves and speed up the flow to the north.
In the previous three quarters, the production of oil and gas equivalents was 376.15 million barrels, an increase of 3.6 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, of which 9,92.98 billion cubic feet were produced, an increase of 8.7 per cent.
Refinement plates: Co-optimization of production and marketing as a whole promotes maximization of the benefits of the industrial chain. Companies are closely aligned to market demand, effective in integrating the “oil conversion” “oil turnover” rhythm and increasing the production of marketable matching products, such as high-end lubricant. Exports are increased in size, optimizing the pace and structure of exports. In the previous three quarters, 1937,400 tons of crude oil were processed, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the previous three quarters, producing finished products.
Marketing plate: positive growth in new business. Companies take advantage of a rapid rebound in market demand, take advantage of one-size-fits-all advantages, increase market sales, and further improve the quality and scale of their operations.
In the last three quarters, the total volume of oil sold by companies was 181 million tons, an increase of 19.1%, of which 143 million tons were sold in the country, an increase of the same amount.
In the first three quarters, the production of ethylene increased by 10,662,000 tons, or 6.6 per cent more than the previous three quarters, and actively expanded the market, both within and outside the country.
Capital expenditure: RMB 108,164 million in corporate capital expenditure in the previous three quarters, of which RMB 50,711 million was spent on exploration and exploitation of the plates, mainly for the construction of oil and gas production capacity and storage facilities such as Ziyang, Kawasai, etc.; RMB 10,524 million in oil refining units, mainly for the construction of projects such as the Yangtze oil restructuring; and marketing and distribution boards
5.67 billion yuan in capital expenditure, mainly for integrated energy station network development, upgrading of existing end-market networks, non-oil operations, etc.; 39,143 million yuan in capital expenditure on chemical panels, mainly for ethylene projects such as the town seas, ethylene from Tianjinnan port and coal-chemical construction; 2,115 million yuan in headquarters and other capital expenditure, mainly for scientific and technological research and development,
As of 26 October 2023, the total amount paid for the company’s repurchase of a unit was $474 million, the total amount paid for the repurchase of a unit h was HK$ 288 million, and the total amount paid for the repurchase of shares will be cancelled.
The demand side, opc, million barrels per day, the demand for crude oil in 2024 was 104.31, 102.33, 102.8 million barrels per day, compared to 2024, and the overall supply and demand contrasted with the recent surge in international oil prices.
The potential for a continuation of the high oil prices will also be running in higher areas next year. The profitability of the company's exploration and exploitation plate depends largely on the cost of barrel oil and oil prices, and the high-level operation of the oil price will help the company to obtain the data it uses in the exploration and development plate. The authors guarantee that the data used in the report will be from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author