q3 q3 q3 performance growth, waiting for the recovery of chemical work at a price difference 3-quarter report issued by the incident company, bringing total operating income to 2,469,944 million in the first three quarters of 2023
RMB 87.626 billion in operating income for the single season, an increase of 4.2 per cent in the same year and a net gain of 9.2 per cent in the ring; and a net gain of RMB 17.860 billion, an increase of 34.0 per cent in the same year and a growth of 19.0 per cent in the ring.
With a combination of weak upstream and strong downstream performance in the first three quarters, corporate crude oil, natural gas production of 210.59 million barrels, 99,298 million cubic feet, a change of 0.1 per cent, 19.6 per cent and 5.8 per cent over the same period, the profits of upstream operations were hit. The volume of crude oil processed during the same period was 194 million tons, an increase over the same period.
Tons, an increase of 5.0 per cent over the same period; based on the market price differentials we've been tracking, the overall trend is to increase the volume of finished oils, major chemical products, etc., and increase the profit from downstream operations.
The combined effect of factors such as the loss of fair value changes in the previous three quarters was a slight decline in performance over the previous three quarters.q3 performance ring growth, with higher oil prices leading to stock conversion gains q3 oil and gas production loops relative to base flats, 4.5 per cent increase in crude oil processing ring ratios, 5.8 per cent increase in total oil distribution ring ratios, and chemical products
The total business ring ratio increased by 4.1 per cent over the same period, with a slight overall decline in downstream product price differentials; the oil price ring over the previous line, which generated gains in the transformation of crude oil stocks and was expected to yield a significant increase in performance; however, companies lost $7.14 billion in fair value changes, held back q3 performance and performed less than expected.
The high-point firm, the Capital Spending Company, as our petrochemical company, maintains a high-score-red ratio, exploration and development efforts, maintaining a sustained increase in oil and gas reserves and making every effort to stabilize the rise in oil and gas production; the refining side will continue to increase the production of high-value-added and special products; and the marketing of innovative business models for the development of new energy sources.
At the end, it promoted the construction of an integrated energy service provider called Hydrocarbons and Hydrogens; the chemical industry insisted on the development of new materials and high-value-added products.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
He was, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Ren Wenbo, a doctor of chemistry from China’s Petroleum University (Waodong). He worked as a senior engineer in China’s oil industry for eight years, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018, mainly in the chemical industry.