Industrial digitized tops, fast-tracking industry \triangleright \triangleright \
Billion yuan, 11.3 per cent increase in the same year; net return to the mother 25,952 million yuan, 24.4 per cent increase in the same year; rapid recovery of profits leading the industry and continued optimization of financial indicators after the stock was placed on the market
After excluding the effects of selling subsidiaries, the company ' s 21-year income from comparable caloric services was $402.2 billion, a year-on-year increase, a year-on-year gain of 1,416 million, a year-on-year increase in net comparative profits, a year-on-year growth in performance and equity fund-raising, and continued to optimize the company ' s financial indicators.
47 billion yuan, reflecting an increase in monetary capital and a reduction in long-term borrowing, 42.1 billion yuan in 21 years.
Income from mobile communications services rose at a higher rate. In 21 years, income from mobile communications services was $184.2 billion, representing an increase of 4.9 per cent in the same year, a net increase of 2,141,000 households, a net increase of 50.4 per cent in the fourth year of industry, which was the first industry in a series of four years.
With an increase of 4.1%, smart household incomes ranged from 25.1% to 13.9 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, with broadband penetration rising from 5.9 pc to 7.7% on a gigaby-year basis, and broadband access from 1.3% to 38.9 yuan on a year-on-year basis. The industry’s number turned into the main force of growth, with a doubling of the harvest of sky-wing clouds.
Compared calculator growth of 19.4% to 24.6% over the same years, with the target rising by 1.6pc to 9.0% of income of 31.6 billion yuan over the next three years. Cloudnet is a leader in integrating infrastructure industries, optimizing capital expenditure structures, and increasing investment to pre-empt development.
\triangleright 1. China Telecom (601728): The profit growth leads the industry, with companies with the largest idc hangar (470,000) and the largest global roll-out network, and with the largest number of people in the world.
At the same time, a global leader in dry-morning grid size (4 million 10 gpon ports) can take full advantage of cloud network integration, push the “East and West” to the ground, and hopefully lead to a continuous digital transformation of 2c/2b/2b.
In 22 years, corporate capital spending was guided by 93 billion yuan, an increase of 7.2 per cent over the previous year, an increase in industrial digitization of 10.1 pccs, an increase of 14 billion yuan in arithmetic resources, and the proposed addition of 160,000 cloud servers. The company aims to optimize investment, strengthen the intellectual network’s leading edge in order to pre-empt the digital economy.
\triangleright Investment Proposal: Taking into account the digital development potential of the company ' s industry, the company is expected to return its net profits from 2022-2024
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.