Sino-Kinji Bank is a large national stock bank. Sino-Kin Bank is a national stock company under the Sino-Kin banner.
All right, corporate governance structures are stable, asset size, income-generating capacity, network layout, etc. are among the leading shares in the public market, a large stock company with a total assets of over $9.5 trillion at the end of 2024. The Sino-Trust Bank retail transformation has shown positive results and is well rooted in public business. (1) The Sino-Trust Bank is growing.
Retail operations are strategically positioned, and the retail transition is continuing. In mid-2021, BJB introduced a “new retail” strategy, raising retail operations to “first strategy” status in 2022.
The strategy, which highlights its strategic orientation, focuses more on long-term development. The recent two years have seen a rapid increase in the number of retail sales aum, zero sales customers, and the ratio of retail loans to retail sales, with zero s098052504003.
In recent years, the Bank has steadily increased the number of public clients, the size of its public loan, and the quality of its public assets. In the area of liabilities, the Bank has improved steadily.
In the case of public transaction settlement operations, there is a significant advantage, with public demand deposits at the top of the stock pool; on the other hand, the asset side, back-to-back with the Central Group, the Central Bank also has an advantage in the case of public combined financing.
In terms of financial analysis: (1) Central Bank Roe and Roa have been catching up since 2023. In terms of Dupont's breakdown, the relative improvement in corporate profitability is the result of a combination of multiple factors.
The cost of liabilities and the contribution of “net revenue from fees/average assets” are more evident, as the former benefit mainly from the advantages of current deposits arising from the construction of easy-to-dispose banks and from proactive debt management under the business theme of “stable spreads”, while the latter benefit from the development of retail wealth management operations and traditional public revenue.
The relatively small decline in revenue from the renewal shows the effectiveness of the retail transition and its impact on the public sector. (2) The company’s earnings profits have increased slightly faster than the overall equity level in the last two years. (3) On the asset quality side, the poor rate of public loans by the CSCB has continued to decline, but the poor rate of retail loans has continued for almost two years.
However, horizontally, Sino-Bank retail lending is still at a low level in the stock sector, with a higher rate of undergeneration than in the stock sector as a whole. Sino-Bank (601998.sh) reported three quarters of 2024 - a positive increase in profits.
“Sino-Kind Bank” (601998.sh) – Maintenance of revenue is increasing and growth is slowing down – maintaining a “better rating than the big market.” “Sin-Kind Bank” (601998.sh) Quarterly Review in 2024 — Double increase in profits.
Corporate profile: one of the first emerging commercial banks to be established in the reform and opening of a large stock company born in the midst of a wave of reform and opening up, Sino-Kin Bank Inc. (Sino-Kin Bank) is based in Beijing and is in the process of reform and opening of China.
In April 2007, the Sino-Kin Bank simultaneously listed a and h shares. As of April 2007, the Sino-Kin Bank has been listed.
In 2024, the Bank became a national joint-stock commercial bank with a total assets of over $9.5 trillion and a workforce of over 65,000.
The real control group is the middle-constituency group, the first major shareholder in the bank is the middle-trust group, and the real control group is the middle-constituency group. The middle-secret bank executives team is built-in and the governance structure is stable.
Major, if the current Chairman of the Board, Fang-Ying, joined the Bank of Chin-shin in 1996 and the current Chairman, Xin-yeng, joined the Bank in 1997, reflecting the maturity of the Bank’s pool of talent and its resilience to governance.
The size of the assets, income-generating capacity, network layouts, etc. are among the top players on the list.
Figure 5: The number of IBS points in mid-2024 is at the mid-stream level
The strategic position of retail operations has been increasing, from “one wing” to “retail first”. In 2015, the Bank established a “one wing” strategic layout, dominated by corporate banking, and retail banking and financial markets. Since 2018, the strategic positioning has been gradually moving from “one wing” to corporate banking and retailing.
In 2021, companies proposed a “new retail” strategic positioning. In 2022, retail operations were officially elevated to “strategy number one” status, defining a “12345” development blueprint. In 2024, “public and zero” was achieved, and “five leading” strategies were proposed.
The 2024 annual report re-emphasizes its commitment to the “zero sales first” strategy, highlighting its strategic strength. Figure 6: The strategic position of retail operations is rising, from “one wing” to “retail first.”
After a sustained period of transformation in recent years, the retail business has shown positive results. (1) Retail aum has continued to grow in size, the situation has improved, and the post-retail profit center is expected to return to normal levels.
Figure 8: The share of retail loans has remained at over 40 per cent since 2018, and the retail business model has been optimized under the “lead wealth management bank” strategy. (i) Business institutional upgrading: Up-line “one-way” platform (uniform business strategy management platform for retail panels) to advance the “five” (main settlements),
(b) Institutional optimization of the mechanism: promotion of the Centre's intensive operations and of the `Telecentre Operations + App Operations + Digital Marketing Team' model, which enhances the effectiveness of the client's operations; (c) consolidation of core operations: through the “Investment Consultant” service model, private sector clients
Differentiated asset allocation and global asset allocation capacity, consumer finance and retail asset operations to consolidate the three core business lines of “property management, private banking, consumer finance”; (iv) enhanced niche: two main groups of people living in the country, looking for young customers; (v) synergies: building on public-private integration, lending alliances
The firm's business is well-established, with significant synergies, and long-term deep-deep farming for the public sector is in the forefront of the industry.
In 2007, the strategy of “building small and medium-sized-stock banks against mainstream public-sector banks” was introduced into the annual report, with a strong foundation. The Bank has maintained its top three rankings on the size of public loans since 2007, and its top two rankings on public deposits since 2007.
In the context of the increased contribution of retailing, the company operations of Sino-Bank continue to play a ballast role, with quantitative parity. The year-to-date growth in the number of public clients has remained above 9 per cent, and the public loan balance has continued to grow steadily for almost a decade. (2) The quality of public assets has improved steadily. The poor rate of public loans has been declining since 2019.
In 2024, the balance of public (non-discount) non-performing loans and the rate of non-performing loans were higher than in 2024, guided by the strategy of “leading one of the five” “leading integrated financing banks” and moving from traditional credit lending to “brands + investors + synergize” development. (1) “Big comptoirs” biosphere: implementing finance
“Five big articles”, with a focus on government finance, chain finance, cross-border finance, park finance, etc., and the real economy of services; (2) “big investment” biosphere: a focus on debt, equity capital markets, strengthening the whole-chain mechanism of “underwriting + investment + trade”, iterative IFS strategies and product systems; and (3) “GA”
In the same “circles: deep-deep farming around science and technology finance, green finance, capital markets and so on, so as to expand the landscape of convergence, production and synergy; (4) “big-foiling” circles: building an integrated hub of bank-centred resources. In June of the year, the Bank of China was authorized to set up a financial asset investment company that could be invested in the future through financial assets.
The company’s equity investment operations further enhances its capacity to provide integrated financing services. Relying on the Sino-Trust Group, the Sino-Trust Group enhances its ability to finance public operations in a comprehensive manner.
By virtue of the Sino-China Group's “financial portfolio, industry-wide” resource endowment, Sino-Bank has the combined “mixed” advantage of the integrated gold-mixing service plate and the four business-platform “combined” advantage. By building a “leading transaction settlement bank”, Sino-Bank has developed a low-cost settlement deposit support system.
(i) Infrastructure: construction of a multi-tier trade settlement platform (Technology Treasury, Open Pay, Business Network Bank), covering large, small and medium-sized and popular customers; establishment of a four-tier gradient service (ai robot, artificial passenger service, territorial and head office team) to enable the consolidation of client questions. (ii) Products: integration of trade settlement products.
Three broad series of financial management, procurement management, sales management; upgrading of large single items such as “New Asset Pools”, “Golden Chase” and others. (3) Scene: consolidation of financial advantages of automobiles, extension to new energy sources, whole-sector chains and integrated operations; expansion of 10 major sectors such as food beverages, consumer electronics, global situational solutions, and upgrading of trade closure
In mid-2024, the cost of public deposits to the credit banks was 1.77%, a level of corporate leadership. By type of deposit, the company had 34.37% of current deposits in 2024, and the client transaction settlement scene was deeply embedded, with an excellent base for public customers.
The overall level of value contribution from financial market operations has been stable. For the last five years, the share of operating income from financial market operations has been maintained in figure 19: operating income from financial market operations, the size of pre-tax profits and their share.
Figure 20: Size and proportion of non-interest income in financial market operations
Millions of yuan, with an average compound annual growth rate of 20.47 per cent, and an increase in the share of science and technology inputs in business income from 2.17 per cent to 5.12 per cent. Technology is capable of creating multiple advantages. (1) Integration of technologies: deeper agility, 15 per cent reduction in demand analysis time, and improved delivery efficiency.
In the area of digitalization, smart web banking, such as 5.0 and the treasurer of the yen, 2.0 products are structured to provide publicly-owned ecological services, with retail “one-way” platforms reaching more than 300 million people per month and financial market automation trading accounting for 70 per cent; in the area of digitization, process conversion efficiency is increased by 100 per cent and smart marketing is more personalized; and (2) leading technological paths are advanced.
Lines: operations, technology, data center coordination, containerization rate of 90%, high-level data base support for high-efficiency usages; (3) data capability: 1600+ scenes of mid-caret brain landings, large-scale models of wealth, wind control, etc., “block chains plus” cover core operations such as inclusive finance.
Financial analysis: Profitability catching up with colleagues, asset quality relative to profitability catching up with the overall level of the joint venture, the central bank roe and roa have been catching up with the stock market since 2023.
The impact of the relative improvement in the profitability of companies is more complex and is the result of a combination of multiple factors, in which the continued contribution of “interest expenditure/average assets” (close to the cost of liabilities) and “net revenue from fees/average assets” is more evident, with the former mainly benefiting from the advantage of demand deposits resulting from the establishment of a transaction settlement bank.
And, under the “stable spread” business theme, initiatives have been taken to strengthen long-term debt management, which has benefited from wealth management operations The development and tradition of public income have led to a relatively small reduction in fees and fees.
Revenue profits grew slightly faster than the stock bank as a whole in the last two years, and the income profits of the credit bank grew slightly faster than the share bank as a whole.
The rate of increase is slightly higher than the overall level of the shares. Together with the contribution of the provision, the net profit rises at a higher rate than the total value of the shares, which became more evident in 2023.
Figure 29: The rate of interest payments is lower than the overall level of the industry, but there is an upward trend The asset quality performance is relatively good The negative rate of public loans from the Sino-Bank Bank has been declining, but the poor rate of retail loans is close
The two-year rise is consistent with the overall trend in the industry. However, horizontally, Sino-Bank retail lending is still at a low level in the stock bank.
The provision coverage also gradually converges towards the overall level of the equity bank. Figure 32: Sino-Bank ' s poor production rate is better than the overall level of the equity bank. Figure 33: The Sino-Bank provision coverage is closer to the overall level of the equity bank.
We assume the key drivers of corporate profitability growth as follows: (1) total asset growth: given the central bank ' s attempt to match the growth rate of m2 with the nominal gdp, we expect total banking asset growth to fluctuate around the nominal gdp growth rate over the next three years, and the company ' s future.
(2) Net interest differentials: This year, under the influence of the fall in lpr and the weakening of credit demand, there is still a downward pressure on the bank ' s overall net balance, but it is expected that, in the larger margin of error, we have conducted a sensitive analysis of net interest differentials in the following text, benefiting from the downward adjustment of interest rates on the stock and the policy favouring of net interest differentials;
(3) Credit cost: given the overall macroeconomic stability and the company ' s increased regulation of retail credit risk, we expect the company ' s subsequent asset quality to be generally stable, we assume that the company ' s credit cost was generally stable for the period 2025-2027, and the net spread is highly uncertain about the projected impact due to the high volatility of market interest rates, and we are sensitive to the following.
We use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the reasonable value range of the company, and we use the three-stage ddm model for valuation, with the following assumptions:
This absolute valuation is more sensitive than discount rates and constant growth rates, and the following is a sensitivity analysis. We compare it horizontally with other nationally listed banks.
We calculated the company's reasonable valuation using absolute and relative valuation methods, but the valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the assumptions about the company's discount rate and the rate of perpetuity growth, and its selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies, all of which included a number of subjective judgements:
(1) There are a large number of investors in the market, with varying investment terms, financial costs, opportunity costs, etc., so each investor may have its own margin of appreciation for discount rates, which may result in a market ' s unanimous judgement of the value of the company ' s internal value not being consistent with the conclusions we have drawn. We did a sensitivity analysis, but we did it.
Sensitivity analysis is not necessarily a comprehensive reflection of all investors' value for discount rates; (2) our assumption of a company's constant growth rate is subjective. We have conducted a sensitivity analysis, but the real situation is likely to fall outside of the sensitivity analysis:
(3) The risk of fluctuations in the overall valuation of the market may not be fully taken into account in the relative valuation, i.e., the change in Beta. Because of the current low overall valuation of the bank plate, there is a risk that the industry as a whole will be undervalued in the relative valuation method, resulting in an undervalued valuation of corporate horizontal comparisons.
Uncertainties about the future profitability of companies arise mainly from two factors: first, because of the high volatility of market interest rates and the fact that banks themselves adjust the configuration of their asset liabilities to market interest rate fluctuations in terms of the type, duration, etc., which exacerbates the impact of market interest rate fluctuations; and, second, because of the determination of non-performing loans and the corresponding provision for the transfer of silver,
There is more room for subjective regulation of our own, and this may lead to a much different reality from what we assume. For possible deviations from the net difference, we have conducted a sensitivity analysis before, and for possible deviations in the quality of assets, we have taken a cautious assumption.
Companies are subject to strict regulation in their industries, and their operations are heavily influenced by macroeconomic and monetary policies. If there is a larger adjustment in future industry regulation, monetary policy, etc., it may have an impact on their operations.
Banks are engaged in high-risk operations, including credit risk, interest rate risk and liquidity risk. Changes in the macro, interest rate environment may have an adverse impact on the company’s financial data.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject