Sino-Sin-Sin-Sung Bank (601998.sh) has advanced its retail strategy, which is deeply rooted in the public domain.
The governance structure is stable, asset size, income-generating capacity, network layout, etc. are at the forefront of the list of shares, a large bank/share bankii whose retail transformation has been shown and is deeply rooted in public business. (1) The Sino-Trust Bank has been increasing retail operations.
In the last two years, the industry as a whole has been under pressure for the quality of retail assets, but in its 2024 annual report, the Bank emphasized its commitment to the retail first strategy, highlighting its strategic positioning for a longer period.
In the last two years, BSBs have been growing rapidly in retail sales, aum, retail customers, etc. The share of retail loans, retail sales receipts, etc., has also risen to a high level, and the effects of the transformation of retail operations have been evident. (2) In the public sector, the long-term deep-deeping of SCBs continues to be advantageous to the public sector, playing a ballast role in the strategic transformation process.
The number of public clients, the size of the loan to the public, has grown steadily, and the quality of the public business assets has improved steadily. In the area of liabilities, the central bank has a significant advantage over the clearing of public transactions, with public demand deposits being the first to hold shares; in the case of assets, the middle group, with the central bank also having an advantage over the public portfolio.
In financial analysis: (1) Central Bank Roe and Roa have been catching up since 2023. In terms of the Dupont breakdown, the relative improvement in the Department’s profitability is the result of a combination of multiple factors, including the cost of liabilities and “net revenue from fees”
The contribution of “average assets” is more evident, as the former mainly benefit from the advantage of current deposits arising from the construction of a transaction settlement bank and the proactive strengthening of long-term debt management under the business theme of “stable spreads”, while the latter benefit from retail wealth management development and the relatively small reduction of fees and fees due to public revenue owing to tradition and tradition, showing the effectiveness of the retail transition and its impact on the public.
In terms of asset quality, Sino-Bank ' s bad rate for public loans has continued to decline, but the negative rate for retail loans has continued to rise over the last two years, consistent with the overall trend in industry. However, horizontally, Sino-Bank ' s bad rate for retail loans has been in the stock market.
The third quarter of 2024 of China-China Bank (601998.sh) Quarterly Review — Business Bank (601998.sh) — Growth and Growth Quicker — The first quarter of 2024 of China Bank (601998.sh) Quarterly Review — Business Gain Double
Corporate profile: One of the first emerging commercial banks to be established in the context of the reform and opening of a large stock company born in the context of the wave of reform and opening of the company, Sino-Kin Bank, Inc. (Sino-Kin Bank), is based in Beijing and is one of the first emerging commercial banks to be established in China's reform and opening of the market.
The Bank was established in April 1987, originally known as the China-China Business Bank, changed in 2005 to the Bank-China Bank, changed in 2006 to a company with limited shares in the Bank-China Bank as a whole and introduced an offshore strategic investor in 2007. In April 2007, the Bank-China-Kin-Bank achieved the simultaneous listing of a and h shares. As of 2024, the Bank had become a national commercial stock-based commercial bank with a total assets of over $9.5 trillion and a staff of over 65,000.
The Sino-Bank executive team has inherent characteristics and a stable governance structure. The change of executives in the company has been dominated by internal promotions, such as the current chairman of the board of directors, Fang Ying, 1996.
The size of the Bank’s assets, income-generating capacity, network layout, etc. are in the forefront of the listed stock banks. The size of the Bank’s assets reached 9.53 trillion by the end of 2024.
RMB, with a gross operating income of $213.6 billion from the mother's net profit of $68.6 billion, and a total of 1,470 points, all of which are in the upper position in the stock-stock line, are a large-scale stock-stocking company, and the characteristics of the operation: the effects of the retail transformation are evident, the foundations of the public business are strong, and the retail business can be released gradually from the "one wing" to "retail first"
The strategic position of retail operations has been increasing, from “one wing” to “retail first”. In 2015, the TCI bank established a “one wing” strategic layout, with corporate banking as the backbone, retail banking, and financial market operations developed in tandem. Since 2018, the strategic positioning has gradually shifted from “one wing” to “triple” corporate banks, retail banks, and financial markets. In 2021, companies proposed a “new retail” strategic positioning.
In 2024, “public and zero” was achieved, and a “five-lead” strategy was proposed, in which the “lead wealth management bank” strategy gave new impetus to retail development. The 2024 newspaper re-emphasized its commitment to the “zero sales first” strategy, highlighting its strategic strength.
Retail operations have been growing at a steady rate, with a steady increase in the size of retail aum, at an average compound rate of 17.74 per cent per year, reaching $4.69 trillion by the end of 2024. (2) Retail lending has remained at over 40 per cent since 2018, and the loan structure has been further optimized. (3) Retail customers are bearing higher costs. We expect that, as the economic situation improves, the post-retail profit center is expected to return to normal levels.
Figure 7: Growing retail aum size, Figure 8: Retail lending has remained at over 40 per cent since 2018, Figure 9: Growing number of retail customers
Figure 10: Increased retail collection contribution, and opportunities for restoration of pre-retail profits, optimized retail business models under the “lead wealth management bank” strategy. (1) Business upgrading: up-to-the-shelf “one-way” platform (retail block, unified business strategy management platform) to advance the deepening of customer relationships of the “five” (main settlement, main investment, main finance, main activities, main services);
Institutional optimization: promotion of the intensive business of private-sector centres and the head office “Telecentre +app + Digital marketing team” model to enhance client effectiveness; (3) consolidation of core business: consolidation of the three core business lines “Asset management, private banking, consumer finance” through the “Investment Advisory” service model, the differentiated configuration of large categories of private-sector clients' assets and global asset allocation capacity, finance for absorption and retail operations; (4) enhancement of niches: excellence
The company's business base is strong, its synergies are significant, its long-term deep-deep farming for the public sector is in the forefront of the industry.
The strategy of small-share banks to mainstream public-sector banks is well-established in the annual report. Sino-banking has maintained its top three in terms of the size of public loans since 2007, and its top two in terms of the size of public deposits since 2007. In the context of the increased contribution of retail operations, Sino-Bank’s corporate operations continue to play a ballast role, with quantitatively balanced growth, with a leading role in public deposits.
(i) The size of the company’s operations has continued to grow. First, the year-on-year growth in the number of public clients has remained above 9% since 2019, and second, the public loan balance has continued to grow steadily for nearly a decade. (2) The quality of public assets has improved steadily.
Guided by the “lead” strategy of one of the “five leading” integrated financing banks, the investment of public services has shifted from traditional credit to “banks + banks + unions + alliances” . (1) The “big comptoir” biosphere: implementation of the “five major articles” on finance, with a focus on government finance, chain finance, cross-border finance, park finance, etc., serving the real economy; (2) the “big bank” biosphere: focusing on debt, equity capital markets, strengthening the whole chain of “insurance + investment + transactions”
(b) Institutional development, an iterative IFS strategy and product system; (c) the Great Synergy Eco-Cooper: a deep-deeping landscape around science and technology finance, green finance, capital markets and so on; and (d) the Great Convergence-Clustered Eco-Cooper: a banking-centred integrated resource hub with a full-scale external focus on debt, leasing, insurance and amc four major events, which promoted the development of IFS. In June 2025, the Bank of China-China was granted the opportunity to make a contribution.
The Sino-Trust Group is an integrated enterprise group, which covers five blocks of integrated financial services, first-inventive, advanced materials, new consumption, and new forms of urbanization. On the basis of the Sino-Trust Group’s “financial full-size, business-wide” resource endowment, Sino-Since Sino-Since.
By building a “lead-trade settlement bank”, Sino-Kinka has developed a low-cost settlement deposit support system to build a public-debt advantage. (1) Foundation: Construction of a multi-tier transaction settlement platform (Synchronous Treasury, Open Pay, Business Net Silver), covering large, medium, small, and universal customers; and a four-tier gradient service (ai machine)
(b) Products: integration of trade settlement products into three series of financial management, procurement management and sales management; upgrading of large single items such as the online “new asset pool” and “breath-and-breeding” scheme; (3) scene: consolidation of financial advantages of automobiles, extension to new energy sources, whole-sector chains and integrated operations; extension of 10 major industries such as food beverages, consumer electronics, setting-up solutions, and upgrading of trading balances
In mid-2024, the cost of public deposits to credit banks was 1.77%, leading the industry. The high ratio suggests a deep-seated and excellent base for public-to-client transactions.
The value of operations in financial markets has generally been stable. The share of operating income in financial markets has remained at 10-15% over the past five years, while the share of operating taxes in financial markets has remained at 10-15% over the last five years.
With one of the five leading digital banks, the Bank has increased its investment in science and technology. There is an overall upward trend in scientific and technological inputs, rising from RMB 3.58 billion in 2018 to RMB 10,945 billion in 2024, with a combined annual growth rate of 20.47 per cent, and the share of scientific and technological inputs in business income from 2.17 per cent, creating multiple advantages. (1) Integration of technology: deeper agile transformation, reduction of demand analysis by 15 per cent, and improvement in delivery efficiency.
On the other hand, digital-driven decision-making, intellectual governance support, 70 per cent loss of clients; on the digitalization side, smart web-based products such as Silver 5.0 and treasurer 2.0; on the public ecosystem, retail “one-way” platforms reach more than 300 million people per month, with 70 per cent of financial market automated transactions; on the digitalization side, process conversions have increased efficiency by 100 per cent and smart marketing has become more personalized; and on the other hand, on the other hand, on the leading technical routes: operations, technology, data center coordination, 90 per cent containerization rate, “Lake”
(c) Data capacity: Sino-Sino brain is located on 1600+ scenes, large-scale models of wealth, wind control, etc. Fields, “block chains plus” cover core operations such as inclusive finance.
The overall level of profitability catch-up, the overall level of credit bank roe, roa, and the overall level of stock catch-up since 2023. From Dupont analysis, the relative improvement in corporate profitability has had a more complex impact, as a result of a combination of multiple factors, such as “interest expenditure/average assets” (close to the cost of liabilities) and “net revenue/average fees”
The continued improvement contribution of “assets” is more evident, as the former benefits mainly from the advantage of current deposits arising from the construction of a transaction settlement bank and from the initiative to strengthen the management of long-term liabilities under the “stable spread” business theme, while the latter benefits from the development of wealth management operations and a relatively small reduction in revenue from fees owing to the tradition of public revenue.
Thanks to the business theme of a “stable spread,” the income of the bank grew slightly faster than that of the stock bank as a whole, when assets grew at a rate close to or slightly lower than that of the stock bank as a whole. Together with the contribution of the provision, the net profit grew at a higher rate than that of the stock bank as a whole, which became more evident in 2023.
Figure 28: Mother-to-child net profit decline, but still higher than the overall level of work practice Figure 29: Share payment rates are below the overall level of work practice, but there is an upward trend The asset quality performance is relatively good
In view of the trend in bad rates, the rate of bad public loans from the Sino-Bank Bank has been declining, but the rate of bad retail loans has been rising for the last two years, which is consistent with the trend in the industry as a whole. However, horizontally, Sino-Bank’s rate of bad retail loans is still at a low level in the equity sector.
Figure 33: Sino-Sino-Bank provision coverage converges to the overall stock bank level, assuming the following key drivers of growth in corporate profitability: (1) total asset growth: given the central bank ' s attempt to match the m2 growth rate with the nominal gdp increase, we expect total banking assets over the next three years
(2) Net interest differentials: the overall bank net difference is still under downward pressure this year due to the impact of the fall of lpr in the previous period and weak credit demand, but benefits. A sensitive analysis of net interest differentials is provided in the subsequent text. (3) Credit cost: We expect the company ' s subsequent asset quality to be generally stable, given the overall macroeconomic stability and the company ' s increased retail credit risk control.
Because of the high volatility of market interest rates, the net difference is highly uncertain about the projected impact, and we conduct the following sensitivity analysis: we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the reasonable value range of the company; we use the three-stage ddm model for valuation, with the following assumptions:
The following table shows the sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the discount rate and the constant growth rate. We compare it horizontally with other nationally listed banks.
The theoretical valuation of 0.65-0.75 times pb (mrq), whereby the reasonable value was calculated at $8.2-95.5.We calculated the company’s reasonable valuation using both absolute and relative valuation methods, but the valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular assumptions about the company’s discount rate and the constant growth rate, as well as the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies, with a number of subjective findings.
(1) There are a large number of investors in the market, and the investment schedules of different investors, the cost of money, opportunity costs, etc., are not consistent, so each investor may have his or her own appreciation of the discount rate, which may lead to a market’s unanimous judgement of the company’s intrinsic value inconsistent with the conclusions we have drawn. For this, we have conducted a sensitivity analysis, but sensitivity analysis does not necessarily provide a comprehensive picture of all investors’ appreciation of the discount rate:
(2) Our assumptions about the company's sustainable growth rate are subjective. We have conducted a sensitivity analysis, but the real situation may fall outside the sensitivity analysis area: (3) The risk of fluctuations in the overall valuation of the market may not be fully taken into account in the relative valuation, i.e., the changes in Beta.
There is also a risk that the industry as a whole will be undervalued, resulting in an undervalued valuation of corporate lateral comparisons. Uncertainties about companies’ future profitability projections stem mainly from two factors: the impact of market interest rate volatility is compounded by the fact that banks themselves adjust their asset liability classes, durations, etc. to market interest rate fluctuations; and the recognition and corresponding allocation of non-performing loans.
Consider that banks themselves have more room for subjective regulation, which may lead to a much different situation from what we assume. With regard to possible deviations from net interest differentials, we have previously conducted a sensitive analysis, and we have taken a cautious assumption of possible deviations in asset quality.
Larger adjustments may have an impact on the company’s operations, with higher equity multipliers and short-term liquidity risks in the future if financial management is inadequate, and a negative impact on the company’s financial data.
Informationdiscussions stockratings, meetingsandrelayeddefinances thebenchmarks: longkonghangsengindex
< - 20%; orthefundamentaloutookof the companyyorsystemisunfordable.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do that, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, gentlemen, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, but I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know, as wellasprofitsmadeasalesultofbuyingandsellingfunduresandoptions. thepricesofiliesmayfluctuateuportown.itmaybecomevallueles.itisasallythotsloswillbeiltiltilredotherthanprofitmadeasalesultofuyandsellingseurities.
The contenthofthisreportsnotrepresentarecommenationofguoseensecurities (hk) anddoesnotconstituuteeforcastony futuresand/oroptions.guosensegurities(hk)maybeeseeringorwillsekinvestbankingorotherbusiness(suchasplacingagents, leadmanager, ponsor, underworldorproprietaryinsuchsegurities)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it.
Publicity, availabilityorusewouldbycontractorytoapplicablelaworregulationorwhochwouldsubjectguosenseturities(hk)andits groupcompaniestoanyregistrationorification.