Non-financial companies: Liu Xiaoning
The revenue from the same drop in the tanker route is short-term pressure on performance, and ng's business contribution has increased: 2025h1, the company Tsang Jixing, during the first half of the year, the vlcc shipping price fluctuated dramatically under the influence of the conflict between Iran and Iraq, compared to the Red Sea bypass in 2024.
Wang Xuewu has a high base, and the average daily earnings from the company ' s main routes have fallen compared to the same period last year: the average daily earnings from the td3c route were $40370 per day, a decrease of about 2 per cent from the same year; the average daily earnings from the tc1 route were $2966 per day, a decrease of about 47 per cent from the same period.
Jang Fung Chul 2) lng plate performance growth is significant: contribution to mother net profit of $424 million, ring increase of 3.16 per cent, same-year increase of opc+ yield is good for vlcc, transport prices are expected to continue to improve: since April, production increases have accelerated successively.
On the supply side, the vlcc fleet ' s ageing and new ship delivery are limited, making it difficult to fill the old ship ' s gap, and increasing its capacity as a result of falling crude oil prices or boosting the demand for crude oil trade.
At the same time, the West’s follow-up sanctions against Russia and Iran are a major potential effect on the oil tanker market. If the West imposed more severe sanctions on Iran’s oil trade, it would either benefit the crude oil oil market.
The CSRC has agreed to an additional application, issued by the Commission in Remand for the Consent to Issue Stock Registers to Certain Objects (Certificate Licence No. [2025]1703). The plan for this increase raises not more than $8 billion for the construction of six vlcc, two lng and three aframax.
The Maritime Transport Group has committed to purchase 50 per cent of the total share of this issuea. Conflict, environmental protection and energy-saving emission reductions have fallen short of expectations.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.