Cobalt industry (603799): Resources + Smelting + New Energy Trinity, Cobalt carrier, Cobalt industry
Cobalt leader of the whole industry chain layout: the company is working on the whole industry chain layout of “upstream resources in the Congo, Indonesia, China, China, a global market for cobalt, copper non-ferrous metals, and cobalt”, which forms the basis for the integration of the three main business lines: resource, color, new energy.
High-tech enterprises that are deeply processed in new materials, which are the owners of the products, have a significant cost advantage in the pattern of positive materials for lithium ion batteries, high temperature from aerospace and development. The company is China’s largest producer of cobalt products, currently owns 39,000 metals.
Cobalt alloys, rigid alloys, pigments, magnetic materials, rubber tons of cobalt salt production, accounting for 28.6 per cent of the total national supply, are in absolute leadership positions, such as glue and petrochemical catalysts.
Controlling mining resources and securing the supply of low-cost raw materials: the company has shares in the Congo in two sub-divisions, Mikas and cdm, and four mines, controlling a total of 70.4 million tons of cobalt and 58.39 million tons of copper. The Congolese operational plate is currently equipped with 21,400 tons of annual cobalt production capacity and effectively guarantees the supply of raw materials for the company ' s cobalt-carriage products in the country.
A stable and low-cost mining pipeline, which provides the basis for the transformation of nickel intermediate capacity: the company proposes to build 60,000 tons of hydroxy-nitro-wet smelting projects in Indonesia, 45,000 tons of high-ice nickel and 30,000 tons of high-purity tri-power cell-grade sulphuric acid in the state to safeguard the triple dollar.
The supply of raw materials for ex-drive production provides the basis for the company’s strategic transition to a new energy supplier of lithium. Downstream pre-diversion capacity has been rising year by year, with deep binding of clients: the company’s current total pre-triple drive capacity of 55,000 tons; and, by 2022, the production capacity of pre-triple drivers and positive materials is expected to reach 125,000 tons and 70,000 tons, respectively.
The product has entered the three-star, lig chemistry, catl, Biadi, and posco, among others, in the new energy lithium electricity industry, which is known globally for its close supply and demand balance, with a high probability of a bottom-up recovery in cobalt prices: in 2020, the cobalt supply was affected by the cut-off of mutanda, the overall supply was reduced, and the demand was affected by public health events.
In the event of a retreat, cobalt use in the consumer electronic and power cell sector will return to growth and the demand side as a whole will recover significantly; whereas supply end increment will be limited and supply will grow less rapidly than demand. Supply and demand will improve on a marginal basis, and cobalt prices will return to the bottom or at an approximate rate.
The recovery, and the valuation premium on the company’s leader in the cobalt industry, maintains a “strongly recommended” rating. Production is not as fast as expected: political and policy risks in the resource country.
Cobalt Industry (603799): Resource+Smelting+New Energy Trinity, Cobalt Carrier Building Enghing Securities Depth Report (603799): Resource+Smelting+New Energy Trinity, Cobalt Carrier
1. Resource + Color + Cobalt Leader of the Synergy Development of the New Energy Integration: Corporate 1.1 Development: Together, both internally and externally, has been expanding the business version of Zhejiang China-Friend Cobalt Industry Cobalt Co. Ltd., formerly known as Zhejiang-Friends Cobalt Nickel Materials Ltd., which was placed on the market in January 2015 (code:
After more than a decade of development, through internal expansion and external acquisitions, the company completed the spatial deployment of “upstream resources in Africa and Indonesia, manufacturing in China and downstream markets around the world”, creating a production pattern for integrated and synergistic development of the three main business sectors of resources, colorful and new energy. The company's main business activities were research and development, production and marketing of products such as cobalt, copper, nickel, trinity drivers, etc., resulting in cobalt-based, copper nickel-based nickel.
So far, the company is China’s largest producer of cobalt products, and the country’s lithium pre-mortality product, figure 1: The development of the Chinese-American Cobalt industry. 1.2 Large shareholders hold a more stable shareholding and have a large number of subsidiaries.
The shareholders in the holdings are Dasan Private Holdings Limited (22.85%) and Zhejiang China Friends Holdings Group (17.99%), which together hold 40.84% of the shares, with little change over the years; the actual control of the ownership of Xie Wei-Tung and Chen She Wah, both of which are equity pledges, which, according to the most recent data in China, currently amount to 28,733 million shares, or 25.18% of the total stock stock stock; the Montagnards.
A total of 287.2 million shares, representing 63.19 per cent of their holdings, were pledged by Man and China Friends Holdings, with 38 holding or participating subsidiaries, of which 14 were first-tier subsidiaries, 19 second-tier subsidiaries, 4 third-tier subsidiaries, and 1 fourth-tier companies. The major subsidiaries were Rough Cobalt Nickel (production and sale of Cobalt Tetraoxide and Cobalt Oxide), and the State of New Energy (pre-production and sale of Cobalt Triple).
Cdm (production and sale of copper and copper) and so on.
Figure 2: The top ten shareholders of the company (as of the end of March 2020) 1.3 company strategic planning: shift to leaders in the new energy materials industry. Future companies will shift from leaders in the cobalt industry to leaders in the new energy materials industry in the global lithium company.
Central to the development of the lithium-based new energy materials industry, the strategic shift towards “up-and-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up, middle-up-up capacity” has evolved from a “two-to-five” leader in the cobalt industry to a “two-new, three-to-one” leader in the world's new lithium-based energy materials. The company's future business structure will be dominated by cobalt smelting, to the cobalt, nickel, trinity-up-up, and solids and copper.
The Nihua Nicocococo, Rukuni ' s 30,000 tons of copper electricity, and the construction of several projects in the country continue to progress steadily, with the aim of reaching a successful conclusion for the 13th Five-Year Period.
Figure 4: The company's 13th Five-Year Strategic Plan enters the year of receipt 2. Corporate operations: top-down resources, middle-capacity, bottom-up markets, overview 2.1: construction of the whole industry chain layout
The company’s main business is the manufacture of new energy lithium electric and cobalt new material products, as well as the selection of mineral resources for cobalt, copper non-ferrous metals and the processing of coloured smelting operations. The company currently dominates the products for the 3c consumer electronics sector, the cobalt salt, such as sulphuric acid, for new energy vehicles, and the electrolysis of cobalt products for rigid alloys: copper, three-dollar pre-discharges and small quantities of nickel are also the current main product.
Ten thousand tons of smelting copper production capacity; a total of 55,000 tons of manufacturing capacity (452,000 tons of equity capacity) is currently being produced by the three-dollar pre-drivers, including 35,000 tons of fully-owned subsidiaries and 20,000 tons of co-financing subsidiaries (51% interest); and 10,000 tons of nickel is produced. In terms of self-supporting production capacity, the crude hydroxide production capacity is 214,000 tons/year (cdm+mikas) as raw material for companies to produce cobalt products.
Figure 5: Corporate investment in the whole industry chain layout
The corporate resource plate is mainly concerned with the extraction, selection and initial processing of non-ferrous metals such as cobalt, nickel and copper, with cobalt concentrated in the African Congolese subsidiary.
cdm and mikas, the main products of which are rough helium oxide (smelting), copper (cdm smelting) and copper (wet smelting). In the supply of raw materials, a model has been developed that is supported by its own mines and complemented by local miners in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Through more than a decade of African resource development, the company established a system of pooling, selection, and integration of resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo to provide low-cost competitive advantages for domestic manufacturing platforms and secure and stable cobalt raw materials. The company gradually launched nickel resource development to provide stable nickel raw materials for domestic trio drive production.
The 60,000-ton rough hydroxide cobalt-wet smelting project and the proposed 45,000-year high-ice nickel project in 2020. At the same time, the company has laid out the Congolese lithium mineral resources. 2.2.1 Congolese cobalt copper: cdm+mikas form a resource guarantee.
The company owns four mineral shares in the Congo, and the subsidiary mikas and Pe527 projects control a total of 70.4 million tons of cobalt and 58.39 million tons of copper reserves; the two companies control resources mainly combustible with cobalt copper, which is rich in reserves located in Kolwezi, Likasi, and others, in the province of Katanga in the south of the country. The Congolese operational plate currently has an annual capacity of 21,400 tons of cobalt and + 96,000 tons of copper/electric copper, which effectively guarantees the origin of the country's middle- and middle-scale cobalt products.
Mikas: The company owns 100% of the shares of Mikas and controls the reserves of 1.63 million tons of cobalt and 2202 million tons of copper. Mikas owns the kambove tailings and shonkole mines, of which the Kambove tailings plant has 4,000 tons/day of mineral selection capacity, and the annual design product, ton of cobalt + 15,000 tons of copper, was tested in April 2019. According to the company's latest announcement, Mikas currently has 7,000 tons of cobalm.
cdm: The company owns 100% of Cdm, and raised 1,432 million yuan in 2016 for the acquisition and development of the cdm pe527 Cobalt mining area.
The main products of the project are copper cobalt concentrates and anti-smelting fluids (including copper). With the completion of the second phase of the 30,000 tons of copper power project in the second half of 2019, cdm currently has 144,000 tons of cobalt + 66,000.
Figure 8: Cdm Main Production Process Figure 9: Mikas Main Production Process 2.2.2 Indonesian Nickel: Prospective capacity expected to produce 60,000 tonnes hydroxide + 45,000 tonnes of high-ice nickel
Indonesia is one of the world’s richest nickel-rich countries, with Ni’s nickel ore and concentrate imports accounting for 42.54% of the country’s total imports. Indonesia’s new mining law prohibits all exports of nickel from the Indonesian government as of 1 January 2020.
Good and solid corporate industrial chain layout: At the same time, production costs will be reduced and cost competitive advantages constructed by smelting nickel in close proximity. Indonesia’s 60,000-ton joint venture for nickel hydroxide: the project is located in the morowali industrial park, with a total proposed investment of US$ 1.28 billion, with the donor financing being phased out with its own funds or other financing modalities, with the Chinese-friend cobalt industry accounting for 57% of the shares through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Cao Ying Hua, and the Volontist Holdings (Lomak S.A.),
In terms of raw materials, the company, through its affiliated Indonesian Mining Corporation, guaranteed priority for the supply of nickel from red earth. In terms of end-use sales, a package structure of “59% + 10% + microsource 31%” was adopted. The Huoyan Cobalt (Indonesia) wet-law project used the most advanced third-generation high-pressure acid leaching process in the world to extract hydrogen from red soil mines.
Cobalt oxide, which has multiple advantages, such as low-cost and green environment. The nickel project has a construction cycle of about two years and is expected to reach production in 2022. The project was officially launched in March 2020, with a planned capacity of 60,000 tons of nickel hydroxide + 7,000 tons of cobalt.
The nickel industry Indonesia Ltd. (70% of shares) invests $3.663 billion in high-ice nickel projects at the Dube industrial park in Indonesia. The project deals annually with nickel content, with an internal rate of return (after taxes) of 18.80% and a post-tax investment recovery period of 6.78 years.
Figure 10: Stockholding and Subscribe Structure of the Redscopic Nickel Hydrometallurgical Project in Indonesia, Figure 11: Proposed funding for the construction of 45,000 tonnes/year high ice nickel project
2.2.3 Lithium : Share avz, a solid step in the company’s participation in potential world-class lithium avz, a new energy industry chain. In August 2017, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, HWAI (Hong Kong), was limited to acquiring an additional equity transfer of $186 million shares in avz, representing 11.2 per cent of the total stock of the vz after the completion of the current increase.
60% interest in the manono project. The manono project has a high potential for prospecting. The exploration rights project covers 188 square kilometres, located in the province of Katanga, Congo, 500 kilometres north of Lubumbashi, the capital of Katanga. The mining area was mined between 1919 and 1982 and was dominated by cassiterite, which was subsequently the result of low tin prices.
According to data from avz, the region is dominated by manono and kitlolo regions, where companies have detected lithium resources of 800 metres in length, 200 metres in depth, and lithium oxides of more than 1.5% in size and grade, all of which belong to world-class hard-stone lithium mines. According to Roskillo, the Manono project is designed to produce 10 million tons per year and will produce 300,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year.
The company’s colour-smelting smelting plates are mainly engaged in deep processing of new cobalt-based material products, concentrated in the factories of its subsidiaries, Hua Yu and Tsui-su, the main products of cobalt salt, such as cobalt oxide and cobalt sulphate, electric copper, and nickel sulphate. Cobalt raw materials are mainly from international mining companies, large companies, and large companies.
The coloured business plate plays an important role in the integrated industrial structure. It consolidates the global market share of corporate cobalt salt products.
At the same time, raw materials are provided for new energy plates downstream to ensure a stable and low-cost supply of raw materials for new energy materials, such as pre-drivers and positive materials. Nickel sulphate production can be upgraded to contribute to further down-stream pre-drive production.
The cost of nickel sulfate is one of the major raw materials of the three-dollar pre-drivers. The cost of nickel sulfate in high nickel ncm 811 can be more than 60%. After the completion of the project, the capacity of the company to produce nickel sulfate in the middle of the company will be significantly increased, with a significant increase in the self-sufficiency of the raw material at the back end of the project. The cost of the pre-diversion process will be further reduced and the level of profitability will increase significantly.
According to the plan, in 2022, the annual production capacity of the company is expected to reach the size of 39,000 tons of cobalt + 40,000 tons of nickel + 15,000 tons of copper.
The company’s new energy material plate, which deals mainly with the lithium orode material trinity drive and the trinity orthodox material product. The main subsidiaries include: 1) the trinity drive: the state of New Energy, the new energy source of Huaihai, the company Huatsupo, which is a joint venture with Posco, and the company Joaquin, which is a joint venture with lig chemistry; 2) the trinity orthodoxy material: the company Puhua, which is a joint venture with posco, and the company of lig chemistry, which is a joint venture with lig chemistry.
According to the company ' s disclosure of production lines, the current pre-trio capacity is about 55,000 tons: it is expected to reach 125,000 tons and 70,000 tons (both at 100% equity caliber) by 2022. According to the Ministry ' s plan, the company ' s fully-owned pre-removement capacity will increase to more than 150,000 tons/year over the next three years, and the joint-venture pre-removement capacity will increase to 150,000 tons/year.
The core product has entered the global supply chain for the new energy lithium industry, such as the three stars sdi, lg chemistry, catl, Bia di, and posco. The products of the fully-owned subsidiary China Sea ' s new energy source are mainly destined for posco: China.
The Kim pre-triple drive project is intended mainly for the production of positive materials by the downstream music company, which sells mainly to the lg chemical cell industry, Korea and Poland's subsidiaries for the production of new energy motor batteries: the Hua-Yo-Poo pre-triple drive project provides mainly for the production of positive materials by the lower-sipura-hwa project, and after the production of Puhua, sells them to lig chemistry and eventually sells them to Europe's major new energy car companies.
Figure 16: Companies setting up joint ventures to in-depthly bind downstream clients to drive operations before 2.4.1: Self-build plus joint ventures.
The company plans to invest $1.530 billion in a new 50,000-ton high nickel pre-drive project in China's new energy source, based on a non-public release plan in May 2020, for a two-year construction period. The project products include 25,000 tons of ncm8; 1.25 million tons of ncm9; and 1.25 million tons of ncma.
New energy in Huaihai: a fully-owned subsidiary planning for a 40,000-ton pre-removement project, one of which will be in production in September 2019, and a second 20,000 tons expected to be in 2020. It is worth mentioning that, on the basis of the 2019 supply mou, the new energy and the posco in Huaihai will be in 2020.
In March of that year, a long-term supply contract totalling approximately 763 million tons was signed, effectively safeguarding the digestion of future production capacity. Joaquin: 51 per cent of China's new energy holdings, and 49 per cent of its chemical holdings. The project was planned to produce 40,000 tons per year, with the first 20,000 tons already in operation in 2019, with the client being a fun-friend company (joint venture with lg);
In November of this year, we entered the decomposition phase.
2.4.2 Positive material operations: the joint venture model led to the gradual release of productive capacity starting in 2020. Poe: 40 per cent of China's new energy holdings, 60 per cent of its capital holdings, 30,000 tons of project planning/annual positive materials, 0.5 million tons of product and production line certification in one phase in November 2019, with 4 m changes currently under way;
Friends of Love Company: 49 per cent of HWAYOW ' s new energy holdings, 51 per cent of LG ' s chemical holdings, project production of 40,000 tonnes/yearly positive materials, which has now been completed with the construction of 20,000 tonnes of capacity in the previous period, starting with the commissioning phase in December 2019. Table 4: Positive material capacity (in tons)
2.5 Overall business performance: Cobalt price rises to double-edged performance, multi-business layouts contribute to smoothing volatility. Many of the company’s business indicators in the history of the company are highly positive in relation to the price of cobalt products. From the point of view of revenue collection and Maori structure, cobalt products have been a major contributor to the company’s performance, and the ratio of revenue to Maori remained almost 60 per cent until 2018. In 2019, the national average of cobalt fell by 48.1 per cent (in the Yangtze cobalt).
In 2019, sales of copper increased by 75.83% to 6.664 million tons on a year-on-year basis, and by 67.2% to $2,633 million on a year-on-year basis; and by $855 million on a plate.
While the overall Māori share reached 40.6%, despite a slight decline in the same value of copper in 2019, it benefited from an increase in the production of self-produced copper, and a relatively low volatility in corporate Māori relative to the Māori industry. Horizontally, the harsh cobalt industry and the Luoyang mollusk industry are relatively low, although the Māori ratio of companies has been relatively low since 2015 (mainly due to the company’s pre-trillion drive and the relatively high share of low Māori businesses, such as trade), the decline in cobalt prices has been clear during the decline cycle.
With the acceleration of the company’s industrial chain layout and the gradual recovery of cobalt prices in the future, the company’s profitability is resilient. This is reflected mainly in: 1) further increases in the back-up self-sufficiency rate and effective cost reductions: 2) recovery in cobalt prices and increase in the product’s Māori ratio; 3) stock decline is expected to be reversed.
Regular gains and losses increase current profits. Figure 17: Corporate revenue and the same rate of growth (2015-2019) Sources of financial prosperity in the East
3. Cobalt industry: gradual improvement in oversupply patterns, prices or rising cycles
3.1 Supply: Recalcitrant capacity is evident; the remaining additional capacity is limited with a regional concentration of global cobalt reserves, dominated by the Democratic Republic of the Congo, divided by three countries, Australia and Cuba, with 84 per cent of the top seven countries in total. Global mineral production in 2019 was about 140,000 metric tons, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo ranked first (72 per cent). Global cobalt supply is largely concentrated.
In the hands of large mining companies such as the Capable, Tenke, Eurasia Resources, and the Freshwater Valley, Kareen is the world’s largest cobalt producer, which produced 463,000 tons of cobalt in 2019, accounting for about 30% of the world’s total production. Most cobalt resources are found in copper- and nickel-linked mineral patterns, with a more pronounced passive increase/decrease.
3.1.2 Caronium: mutanda shutdown + long-term lockdown of new supplies and stocks for more than two years, with a significant reduction in overall capacity. In August 2019, Glencore indicated that the mutanda mine would be phased out by the end of the year, with maintenance repairs to be carried out in 2020-2021, and that Mutanda had been advanced in December of the same year due to sulfur sulphate bloating banks.
(b) The main cobalt products have been locked up for long periods and stocks are expected to be deactivated, with no apparent disturbance to the market's cobalt supply. According to the Katanga announcement, the production of the main cobalt products will continue.
The cumulative inventory of the 2018-2019 Kcc project totals approximately 16.6 million tons (in the form of cobalt hydroxide), mainly due to insufficient uranium content and drying capacity, which affects current sales and exports. From May 2019 to date, the company has signed a five-year long list with Grimes, Kiski, Samsungsdi for the total purchase of approximately 112,000 tons of cobalt hydroxide products. In addition, the company has signed or signed a long-term supply agreement with Jumico, Boma, Tesla.
From 2020-2022, Greenme +ski + Samsung has been locked in over 2140,000 tonnes per year, accounting for nearly 70% of total production capacity; and given that there are other procurement clients, current production has been largely absorbed in a single way. The glorification is expected to lead to the degeneration of historical stocks while ensuring a balance of production and sales, and prior stocks are less likely to enter the market and not to disturb prices.
Figure 27: Capable of producing up-to-date guidance Figure 28: Capable of producing future cobalt (2020-2025) Figure 29: Comfortable of approximately 166,000 tonnes of cobalt in the katanga inventory under the flag of Carnamel
Figure 30: Colony cobalt products have been singled out by multiple customers for a limited overall increase in the supply of Cobalt and Cobalt over the next three years. The increase in Cobalt supply in 2020-2022 is mainly due to the resumption of Capable Katanga, Eurasia resources
In 2019, cobalt prices fell and mining management by the Congolese government’s rivals fell.
The increase has led to a significant contraction in artisanal mining, which is expected to be around 12,000 tons a year. As the demand for the cobalt supply chain from downstream terminal operators has become more stringent, so has the narrowness of artisanal mining survival space, which is expected to remain at around 10,000 tons over the next two years, a significant contraction.
The core demand for cobalt has been transferred from traditional areas (high temperature/hard alloys) to lithium batteries (consumption of electronic/power cells).
About 60% of cobalt is used in high temperatures and hard alloys, and by 2019 lithium batteries accounted for 67% of total demand, with 50% of the electron consumed and 17% of the power cell consumed. We believe that the largest increase in future cobalt demand is in the power cell sector, where cobalt is expected to account for the total demand in 2022.
During the 5g switch cycle, the increase in the number and capacity of batteries will significantly boost the demand for lithium in the consumer electronics sector: 15g mobile phone high performance requirements will bring single-load power to more than 4500mah: 2) 5g new machine-type functions stimulate consumer demand for early change. Public health events affect short-term purchase demand, and 5g penetration has not changed.
The volume of shipments was 121 million, a decline of 16.0 per cent in the same year, with 5g mobile phones totalling 46.084,000; 5g mobile phones delivered 47.90 per cent of smart hands in May alone, and re-innovating 47.90 per cent. idc projects that the total number of smartphones worldwide will reach 1.2 billion in 2020, a decline of 11.9 per cent in the same year.
3.2.2 Power Batteries: Increase in volume to offset the decline in cobalt use in single bodies The policy of increasing the number of new energy automobiles in the world has led to the introduction of a new wave cycle in the world ' s new energy automobile industry. Based on this, our Ministry of Industry and Communications ' s comments on the New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan (2021-2035) have sought to reach around 25 per cent of new car sales by 2025.
In addition, a number of countries in Europe have introduced tax incentives and subsidies, and Germany plans to increase its new energy vehicle subsidies by up to 50% in 2021-2025, with the electricization of overseas markets officially opened in the first half of the year. Despite the impact of the epidemic on short-term demand, long-cycle trends have not been broken.
There are about 301.8/428.1.5379 million vehicles sold: we discount them on a pessimistic basis, at 250/345/4485 million. The three-dollar battery loads have increased significantly in the East. Long-duration requirements have led to higher demands on battery energy density, and the three-dollar system will become the mainstream in the future.
We believe that the future phosphorus and trinity systems will differ in applications in the future, and that the trinity ratio will remain at around 70%. Based on the above assumptions about the volume of new energy cars, the global trinity load is expected to reach 192.4gwhh in 2020, in 2022. The high nickel trend limits the use of cobalt in single bodies. In the current trinity technology path, the trend is gradually being established.
High nickel (811+nca) accounts for about 28% of triple batteries and 44% in 2025. Trends suggest that the single-body ratio of cobalt will gradually approach 10% (in molecular terms) by about 20% at present.
Table 7: Cobalt Requirements Dismantling in Power Batteries Sources of Eastern Finance and Leapery Cobalt Industry (603799): Resource+Smelting+New Energy Triple, Cobalt Industry Carrier
3.3 Supply and demand patterns: excess patterns eased, with a tight balance in 2022 exceeding demand growth. For a long period of time, cobalt prices are now at the bottom of history. In 2020, supply ends were affected by mutanda shutdowns, with overall supply shrinking; demand ends were hit by a new coronary epidemic that was weak.
We expect that the overall supply and demand will be in a tight balance from 2022. The East’s financial and intellectual boom will begin.
4. Profit forecasting and valuation 4.1 Key assumptions and profit predictions 4.1 Copper products will contribute to robust performance growth. Companies will increase their capacity to produce copper while increasing their capacity to produce cobalt products, achieving production rates in the next three years.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: The Cobalt Industry of China (603799): Resource + Refinement + New Energy Trinity, Cobalt Industry Carrier, which has a strong impact on the company ' s performance, we have conducted a sensitivity analysis of the company ' s performance in 2020 with regard to the price of cobalt. The results are as follows:
Among companies of the same type, we have chosen the cold cobalt industry, the Luoyang moly industry, and the Greenmill industry as the benchmark. Although the current Chinese-American cobalt industry has a relatively high level of valuation, its valuation premium is reasonable, given its inter-occupational dominance in the production capacity of cobalt products and future positive performance growth.
The Chinese-American cobalt industry needs a sustained recovery in its pattern of improvement, and the company is expected to benefit in depth from the high growth in the new energy automobile industry; 2) the company’s leadership position in the domestic cobalt industry gives it a certain value premium.
Reduction in metal prices; demand for cobalt less than expected; development of new energy vehicles less than expected; implementation of the project less than expected; politics and politics of the resource countries; financial and intellectual growth in the east; Cobalt industry (603799): resource + smelting + new energy, building a cobalt carrier
The Chinese Stock Exchange Award 2012 is the top ten prizes (seventh place).
Longevity 2012 “China Securities Industry Burt Award” Industry Research Award Top 10 (eighth place). 2013 Real Estate Industry Study “Golden Cow Ho-hung Qinghua University Master of Materials Science and Engineering, Beijing University of Science and Technology Bachelor of Materials Studies. 3 years of securities experience, joined East Hing Securities Research in 2019.
Research assistant on the non-ferrous metals industry.
Master of Science in Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom. Ten years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment and team management. He was an investment manager for the Eung Fong Asset Management Programme, general manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Department, and head of the non-ferrous metal, options and quantification strategy team.
Kim's silver and multimedia bronze prizes for futures products: he won three prizes for marketing bean futures on the Dalian commodity exchange, and China's share in the bean bean bean beads is in the bells. He's his research opinion for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, and the Economic Reference Paper, Futures Weather. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, is not going to be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Chinese Friends Cobalt Industry (603799): Resources + Smelting + New Energy Trinity, Building Cobalt Aviation Carriers, does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.