Performance is growing faster than expected, future growth is determined, long spring is new (000661.sz) is tracked (000661)
Of this, in the fourth quarter of 2017, the company earned 1,455 million yuan, an increase of 106.20 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was $175 million, an increase of 66.12 per cent over the same period; and the non-return to the mother was achieved.
In 2017, the company’s pharmaceutical business increased at an overall rate of $3.454 billion, compared with growth of +48.95 per cent, and the Maori rate by 2.15 pp. In terms of subsidiary splitting, the gold racing pharmaceutical industry now receives $2,084 million (+51.09 per cent) and net profit of $686 million (+38.3 per cent), the main one.
The increase in the number of hospital developments, the number of new patients and the length of drug use was due to the company ' s continued increase in growth hormone market coverage; 100-gram organisms received $735 million (+112.66 per cent) and a net profit of 125 million (+68.42 per cent), mainly from vaccine manufacturers.
In addition, real estate generated $598 million (+6.49 per cent) and a net gain of $92 million (+11.87 per cent) and administrative costs increased by 27.93 per cent over the year in terms of the cost of the period from single to multi-project sales.
Sales costs increased by 65.16 per cent over the same period, due on the one hand to the expansion of sales teams and increased sales of inputs in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry and, on the other hand, to the high rate of vaccinations; financial costs decreased by 50.21 per cent over the same period, mainly due to company purchases of property items, resulting in lower interest income on current deposits during the reporting period; and
Revenue management is accounted for as a result of the return on investments; an increase of 172.06 per cent in inventory over the same period, resulting mainly from assets such as land invested by partners in cooperative projects and increased development costs; and an increase of 23.80 per cent in operating cash flows over the same period, mainly from the sale of pharmaceutical products during the reporting period
1.2017-12-14 Long Spring High Event Review: Investing in Zeus Life, with heavy weight on the layout, Pneumocococcal Combination with Vaccines 2.2017-10-24 Long Spring High 3 Quarterly Review: The Medical Service has increased its speed.
3.2017-09-06 Long Spring High Event Review: Share in US Rani, Car Bit Growth Hormone Oral Medicines Technology 4.2017-08-18 High Spring High Six-Year Review: Full Speeding of Medical Operations, I
5.2017-06-14 Long Spring High Event Review: Add new specifications for growth hormones and adaptation 2. Our analysis and judgment
As a domestic growth hormone leader, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry has the full advantage of having the most product lines, the fastest new adaptive growth, and the strongest end-control capabilities. In 2017, the company achieved 2,084 million yuan (+51.09%) in revenue, with millions of dollars (+38.3%) by agent, and we believe that the net profit increase is lower than the net profit increase in revenue and operating profits, mainly due to increased external donations from companies.
The combined impact was about 30 million as a result of higher tax rates and reduced government subsidies. At the same time, according to pdb, corporate growth hormones were sold in sample hospitals at $218 million (+43.7 per cent) in the third quarter of 2017, with a municipal share of about 65 per cent and market dominance at further speed in 2017, mainly due to: (1) continued decline in distribution channels and increased expansion.
The company continues to optimize its marketing model and expand its sales team, and, on the basis of the first-line city coverage in 2016, has continued to increase its coverage of local and county-level municipalities in the developed regions, the number of hospital developments and the number of new patients entering the group. (2) Longer use of medicines for children and consolidation of the stock market.
According to the National Statistical Office, the growth of health-care cpi has been increasing steadily since 2015, at a rate of 6% in 2017. In the larger context of rising drug consumption, the consumer-dependent market, represented by high management of children, has continued to warm.
Figure 1. Price sales and acceleration of growth hormones of the various agent types in the sample hospital, Figure 2.2017 - Competition patterns in the domestic growth hormone market, January-September
In addition, during the reporting period, the company undertook a series of outreach and layouts around the growth hormone business: (1) the new specifications and the new adaptive expansion are moving rapidly: a new 12 iu specification for the powder needle, water pin type pw syndrome and chronic renal disease (ckd) adaptations were admitted to the ii clinical phase and no clinical trials were introduced due to noonan syndrome and shox genetic defects
The company is mainly involved in the development of biopharmaceutical oral drug delivery techniques, which are highly favoured by the giants Novartis, Aslikon, and Googleventure. The company will receive oral growth hormone assessments and priority subscriptions.
Beds and provincial tenders are well under way, laying the foundation for product release. Figure 4. Long-acting growth hormones are priced in some provinces and cities, and we believe that corporate growth hormones will continue to grow at a high rate in the future.
We believe that corporate growth in long hormones will continue at a high rate: (1) the domestic growth hormone market has a huge space for expansion. There are currently about 7 million cases of short-term disorders in the treatment window, of which the growth hormone deficit (hd) is more than 2.8 million, while the ghd cures it.
The treatment rate is only about 4%, and the size of the national market in 2017 is about 3 billion yuan. If only ghd adaptation is considered and long-acting patterns are not considered, it is assumed that future towns and villages will have 20%, 10%, water needles and needles will have a ratio of 4:6 and 1:9, respectively, and conservative estimates of the size of our growth hormone treatment ghd market are at least 11 billion yuan. (2) in the short term
The company’s share of the water needle market is difficult to capture by competitors. Given the large space available in the domestic market, households are expected to grow together.
The company is expected to have a limited impact, given the limited capacity of foreign companies to promote the product in the country and the high price of the product; (3) the long-acting clinical phase of the long-acting iv is in the process of being released and the product is in the process of being released. The long-acting iv clinical trial was completed at the end of August and is now in progress.
During the statistical analysis phase, the iv results will provide a solid foundation for follow-up academic promotion of products and the march to the European and American markets, with sustained performance elasticity. (4) The sales team will be continuously expanded to expand market coverage. The company will continue to expand the marketing team to expand market coverage and explore the development of a fully fledged model of child growth and development. (5) Growth hormones are often out of the hospital.
The sales pattern of Kinsey growth hormones is usually for patients who, at the beginning of the tri-a hospital, confirm the use of bio-Long hormones and then, by prescription, go to the children’s hospital or to the clinic at the hospital, free of the strict hospital-controlled ratio. (ii) Reorganizing human ovarian hormones are still in the early stages of development, and there is a great prospect of import substitution.
Domestic reorganizers continue to dominate the market for imported products, and there is a great prospect of substitution for corporate imports. We estimate that corporate reorganizers in 2017 generated about $45 million in ovarian sales. Eggsterol is the dominant drug in the domestic assisted reproduction sector, with reorganizing human ovarian hormones having high technical barriers, high quality control stability, low pollution risk, and poor conditions compared to urea products.
The market for ovarians in the country is now dominated by imported products, the company’s product is the country’s first province and municipality, and the winning price is slightly lower than the imported product. The sample hospital data show that in January-September 2017, the company’s reorganizers promoted the sale of ovarians to $13.18 million, an increase of 22% compared to the previous increase, which is higher than the Mercerino product.
The ovarian market is concentrated in specialist assisted reproductive hospitals, as well as on the issue of medical prescriptions in the short term, and corporate market expansion faces a fixed resistance, but it is expected to replicate the successful models of growth hormone import substitution in the future and capture the share of the domestic market.
Figure 6. Progress in the reorganisation of the company ' s bid for ovarian hormones (iii) vaccine performance is higher than expected and subsequent developments will continue to be better 100 g of biological performance, mainly as a result of an increase in vaccine delivery and product price increases.
The vaccine has now been licensed in India, Nigeria, and has been exported to India. During the reporting period, the company achieved $735 million, an increase of 112.6 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of low turnover and higher delivery of the vaccine, and slightly more than 5 million doses of the vaccine were sold during the reporting period, an increase of about 5 per cent over the same period.
This represents an increase of 68.42%, and the net gain less than the increase in income is mainly due to the full reduction in the price of the investments of the Dutch company Mucosis and the increase in the cost of sales. Meanwhile, according to the Central Inspection Institute, in 2017, 4.8790 million bottles were issued, an increase of 13.5%; the fourth quarter saw the issuance of 1,488,000 bottles, an increase of 75.5%.
Figure 7.2017 Compared with the issuance of 100 grams of phoenix vaccine in 2016 (million bottles) The rabies vaccine process has continued to decline, with a steady increase in the next half of the year. The stable and magnifying effect of the phoenix seedling process has been significant since the first 18-month period was passed in June 2017.
In December 2017, the company announced that it was planning to invest a total of $290 million in wildlife, holding 40% and 10% of the shares, respectively, for more pneumococcals.
Sugar combines the development and industrialization of vaccines and their derivatives. Pneumonia combines the vaccine as a global heavyweight, with $5,718 million in 2016 for Pfizer products. In recent years, because of the long-term supply and supply of pneumonia vaccine for young children, there has been a large unmet demand in the country and a large market outlook.
For 13 years in Pfizer, he worked as a senior director of the Vaccine Research and Development Centre, and was good at new vaccine research and development. Although he was behind the country's first-tier team of research and development on pneumonia, we thought that the company had a strong research and development background.
We believe that the company’s vaccine business will enter a new stage of development: (1) The vaccine continues to open international markets, and it is not yet expected to accelerate its release. The company’s vaccine has been registered in India, Nigeria, and has been approved by Indonesia in August.
The approval letter is about to complete Indonesia’s registration. Registration is also under way in Guatemala, Bangladesh, Turkey, Thailand, etc., and further release is expected to take place in the future through sustained expansion of the international market; (2) the rabies vaccine process has stabilized in August and is expected to be lost in 2018.
Quarterly batch issuances continue to speed up and the market is expected to recover gradually, with a profit expected in 2018; (iii) production of sufficient quantities of products required for the iii phase of clinical trials, as well as advance medical reports from the Middle Court; and (iv) Nose flu vaccine is scheduled to complete the iii phase of clinical trials, which will fill the nose if successfully placed on the market
(iv) The Chinese pharmaceutical industry has increased its end-of-pipe efforts and improved its performance. The Chinese medicine industry has continued to expand its end-of-term market efforts and has continued to perform well.
652 million yuan, representing an increase of 9.93 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $34 million, representing an increase of 19.02 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the strengthening of the marketing workforce and the construction and improvement of the marketing network layout. During the reporting period, the company has made initial progress in synchronizing the local end-market and the development of the otc market.
The project to standardize Chinese medicine has been developed, and the pseudo-paragus soap gq has been evaluated on major new drug creation topics in the country and has been prioritized for 2017; the clinical study of the iii of the ecclesiastical capricorn has been completed and is in the process of collating and collating case reports; and the development of large varieties of silver-polar ecstasy is well under way, with an increase in the adaptive ii-stage clinical phase.
Research has started 10 centres. (v) Production ladders are rich, and research and development of heavy loads is progressing well, at a rate of $1 billion, an increase of 31.76 per cent. Research and development workers, 520, are almost the same as last year.
Adaptive research and development went well, with some heavy-pound products progressing as follows: cde supplementation notice received in August 2017 for Acena Pollard; research and experiments are actively under way; traprilín microball is in its i-clinic phase; Orthopaedic microball is about to begin its clinical work; Kim Dok is in its i-clinic phase; growth hormone water needle extension ckd, pw induction
Accompanied by developmental disorders in children, clinical research is about to begin; the pseudo-soaped gq is about to start a ii phase of clinical practice. Ocupuncture microballs are a large variety of potential, and clinical trials have been approved in Kinsi only in the country, and the market is very promising.
It has a similar effect to natural internal growth inhibitors. It has a strong and lasting effect, mainly in the treatment of emergency digestive ulcers and haemorrhaging, heavy acute pancreatic inflammation, secretions in the digestive system, esophagus, arterial hemorrhage, tremors, tremors, and limb fertilization.
According to the Novartis Annual Report, in 2016, otrillium in Novartis (including microballs) received $1.646 billion and sales stabilized. According to statistics, the country’s market for arcupine (including microballs) was dominated by Novartis. At present, only the gold race has been approved.
We believe that companies have a technical advantage in long-acting agent-type research and development, and have experience in import substitution, and that if Otricorn is successfully marketed, it is likely to capture the market share of imported products. The trauphryn logo is growing steadily worldwide, has not yet been marketed domestically, and competition is better.
The 10 platinums of industrial synthesis are similar to the natural hormones that release hormones. They are used mainly to treat prostate cancer, endomemism, and membrane, and can also be used for in vitro fertilisation. The trapririn microglobin injector developed and marketed by ipsen, the Prilin long-activant model, has been growing steadily since it was listed, with $340 million in 2016.
The long-acting product is not yet on the domestic market, and the market is still dominated by imported products. The country’s green leaf pharmaceutical industry, the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry, and the Leather Group have started research and development on the traupling microballs, in which the gold race and the green leaf are moving faster, clinical trials have been approved in March 17 and November 16, respectively, and RIJ has been declared clinically.
The company is the domestic leader of biopharmaceuticals, and we believe that growth hormone performance will continue to grow at a high rate: as consumption rises and people focus on height management, the growth hormone market will grow in the future. The company has a product line in the field of growth hormones.
The full range of advantages, such as the most complete, end-capable, the fastest-growing, technologically advanced, and positive layout of new delivery technologies. By agent type, the needles help to consolidate competitive advantages; the water needle research and development for new adaptive conditions is fast-tracked and is expected to be consistently released; the long-acting agent is the monoscaze type, and the iv phase of clinical completion and expansion of distribution channels will contribute to high performance growth.
The vaccine business is about to enter a new phase: water, pox vaccines are opening up the international market, rabies vaccines will be lost through process modification and agent-type upgrading. Medium medicine performance is expected to overcome the negative effects of industrial policies by opening the end market and increasing steadily. The company’s real estate business will also remain flat.
Long-acting growth hormone iv clinical failure, restructuring of human ovarian hormone market failure, vaccine safety risks and policy risks, and research and development of new medicines have fallen short of expectations.