The price of potassium fertilizer and lithium salt in the Tibetan mining industry (000408.sz) has risen substantially, with a focus on promoting the Meme missalt lake lithium project. The company issued a three-monthly report in 2022: $5.713 billion in revenues in the first three quarters, compared with +172.11 per cent in the previous three quarters;
Realization of a net return to the mother of $4,166 million, or +40,489 per cent; and data on production and sales of $4,171 million net deduction from the non-return to the mother of 8.088 million tons of potassium chloride produced by the company in the previous three quarters, with a volume of 6,195 million sold. The effects of the dry climate could not fertilize the crop; the high prices of potassium fertilizer in the pre-period 2 affected some downstream demand;
The city is expected to recover rapidly as spring season fertilizer approaches. Moreover, the region has a longer period of outbreak control, but the company is actively responding to the needs of the lithium carbonate market, the sales of lithium carbonate are largely stable, and the sales price of lithium carbonate has risen steadily.
Business plan: Production and sale of more than 1 million tons of potassium chloride and more than 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate in batteries throughout the year, and based on current production and sales data, the company is on track to achieve the year-round target. Focused on the promotion of the Meme Missaline Lake Lithium project, with a strong prospective resource reserve: October 2021 through the company
The Tibetan Youth Foundation, which is a major limited partner, acquired 51% of the shares in the Tibet Alimazzo mine, the Mammy missalt, the Lithium Lithium Lithium Dithium Carbonate (LOC) volume discounted by 2.18 million tons, and the average grade chlorinated lithium 5,645 mg/1. According to the completed project for the development and utilization of the Almega missalt Lake, the Mamico mine master plan produces 100,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year.
Projects (after 2024) have been increased to 100,000 tons per year. The company’s three-quarters report highlights the progress of the Meme Mistake Salt Lake project, which can be built upon the adoption of the relevant report or programme review and the acquisition of a paper-based mining licence. In addition, the company also has prospecting rights in the country for the three salt lakes project, as well as indirect ownership.
In Argentina, ultra’s shares in the Lithium Salt Lake Lagunaverde project, the four Salt Lake projects are expected to open the company’s medium- and long-term growth space as a prospective resource reserve. Potassium fat and lithium salt prices are in high swings, and future production capacity at lithium resources is expected to open the company.
Medium- and long-term growth space, for the first time covered, with a “buy-in” rating. Net return to the mother of $4.166 billion and net return to the mother of $1,769 million by 2203 in the first three quarters.
Mother net profit of $4.166 billion, or +404.89 per cent; net profit of $4.171 billion, or €4.17 billion, for non-mortality, for sales data: company production of 808.8 million tons of potassium chloride in the previous three quarters, and sales of 61.950 million tons, of which q3 has lower sales data, and we believe that it is mainly affected by the dry climate in part 1
Fertilizing crops; the high prices of potassium fertilizer in the first half of the period affected some of the downstream demand; and the subsequent city expected a rapid recovery in sales of potassium q4 chloride as spring seasons approached. The company was also able to produce 38,894 tons of lithium carbonate in the previous three quarters, of which q3 was active in collaboration with the company, despite the longer epidemiological management time available in the Qing Haegargi region.
The annual report gives an annual business plan for 2022: production and sale of more than 1 million tons of potassium chloride, batteries and more than 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate class, and based on current production and sales data, the company is on track to meet the year-round target.
The company’s core business is the production and sale of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, with a licence to mine potassium salt in the area of 724.35 square kilometres east of the Zalkhan Salt Lake railway. In addition, the company is the second largest shareholder in the Tibet Dragon Copper Company Ltd., with a stake of 30.78 per cent, and a major shareholder, the Purple Gold Mining Company, which cooperates in the development of the Tibetan Dragon Exorcised Copper Mine.
In October 2021, the company acquired 51% of the shares in the Tibet Alimazzo mine through the company’s main limited partner, the Jiangsu Tibetan New Energy Industry Fund (the limited partnership), the Tami misdirection of 2.18 million tons of lithium carbonate, the average grade of lithium chlorination of 5,645 mg/l. According to the draft, the amount of lithium salt lake resources was reduced by 21.8 million tons of lithium carbonate.
The project for the development and utilization of the Meme Misa Lake, which utilizes the resources of the Memico Salt Lake, the Memico Mining Master Plan produces 100,000 tons of carbon per year, and the first phase of the project (2022-2024), which builds 50,000 tons in size until conditions are ripe for further investment: since the outbreak in Tibet on 10 August 2022, when silent control was implemented, the project has been under way.
To date, the Mineral Resources Development and Utilization Programme has been evaluated in the evaluation of land rights trading and storage in the Ministry of Natural Resources of the Tibet Autonomous Region and has obtained a formal evaluation opinion, resulting in the adoption of the development programme in principle;
Documents reviewed by experts of the Tibet Autonomous Region Mining Association and obtained through expert review; the next step will be to accelerate the promotion of the programme for the conservation of the geological environment and the rehabilitation of the land trade in mines, the plan for the construction of green mines, the programme for the conservation of water and water in mines, the report on the validation of water resources, the report on the pre-assessment of the safety of mines, and the report on the pre-assessment of the report on the conservation of energy in open mines.
The project will be ready for construction once the report or programme evaluation has been completed and a paper version of the mining rights has been obtained.
In 2021, the company acquired, through equity acquisitions, a pre-screening of prospecting rights for the potassium salt mine in Alpine Hill, Qinghai Province, with an area of 675.61 square kilometres; the deep halogenated potassium salt-eastern section of the Little Liangshan - Great Wind Mountain Area, with an area of 516.59 square kilometres, was surveyed; and the company added
The exploration rights of the salt mines of the Grand Wave Beach Black North, obtained through a public auction in 2017, were thoroughly examined, with an area of 492.56 square kilometres surveyed, and the company had a combined area of 1,684.76 square kilometres of prospecting rights in Salt Lake. Progress in the field mapping and the preparation of storage reports for the three prospecting rights projects was also detailed in the company ' s three quarterly reports.
In June of this year, the company signed a final agreement with ultra for the development of the Lithium of the Lagunaverde Salt Lake, where the company will eventually acquire the project.
Development of the right to operate. With the four salt lakes project as a long-term corporate resource reserve, it is expected that our profit projections will open up to the company in the medium and long term on the following assumptions:
The liquid potassium fertilizer and salt lake lithium production companies benefit from high rates of potassium fertilizer and lithium salt prices and are expected to open up long-term growth space in the company in the future in the end-of-life layout of lithium resources, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject