This agreement will be valid until 2030.
On 31 December, the agreement agreed to establish long-term close cooperation between the company and Yonsen Technologies in areas such as upstream nickel and cobalt resource development, pre-discharge technology development, and supply and sale of pre-discharged products. • Mutually beneficial co-winning with marketing channels, the former market share is expected to increase and become increasingly competitive
This strategic cooperation agreement highlights the fact that one company provides competitive pre-drilling fees and preferential nickel to Yonjitsu; and that during the period of the agreement, Yonkhent acquired no less than 180,000 tons of pre-drivers and provided the company with a competitive advantage in the original pricing of the metal and its previous methods of pricing it.
The purchase volume is expected to reach 415,000 tons, compared with the firm’s 300-degree trend. One aspect of the agreement is expected to contribute to an increase in the pre-triple drive-market share of company sales of pre-2021h1 drives.
With a volume of 29,000 tons, the company is expected to supply at least 45,000 tons of pre-discharges per year, estimated on the basis of a four-year purchase volume of 180,000 tons, and the company is expected to increase its sales significantly; on the other hand, it is expected that the company will continuously optimize production efficiency, reduce production costs and achieve competitive pre-discharge processing fees.
• In-depth technical cooperation to enhance the competitiveness of the positive materials industry, and the guaranteed cost advantage of the Indonesian nickel project.
In addition, the company is actively promoting the annual production of several tons of wet nickel projects in Indonesia, and the 45,000 tons of fire-based high-ice nickel project is expected to be completed by the end of the year. As the project moves towards production, the self-sufficiency of the company’s nickel resources is expected to increase.
In the context of the rapid development of the new global energy sector, companies are active in controlling resources and laying down the positive material chain, and we expect the company’s revenues to be 2021-2023, respectively.
This report is presented independently and objectively using information on legal compliance. The data and information used in the present report are based on publicly available information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.