The three-quarterly report's over-expected core projects have been moving forward steadily – the Chinese friend cobalt industry (603799.sh) has performed at an all-time high in the three quarters. The company achieved $8.502 billion in operating revenue in the third quarter of 2021.
During the reporting period, copper and cobalt prices were relatively stable and were in a state of staged and high-level corporate performance fundamentals; 2. During the reporting period, pre-vector material and positive material received a full-cost increase in dividends; 3. Bamo technology was incorporated into a combined resource, nickel project, which is about to reach the harvest period.
In December, four production lines will be fully in the production commissioning phase, and they are expected to make a profit next year. The tons of wet technology project is expected to be completed by June 2023.
In the previous three quarters, 46,000 tons of ex-vessel production was sold, taking into account that the company had 55,000 tons of production capacity, 410,000 tons of self-generated capacity were measured on a quarterly basis, and another 0.5 million tons of production and sales were contributed by joint ventures, which accelerated the release of the production capacity compared to the reported data (02,000 tons).
In the first three quarters, BAM technology delivered about 40,000 tons, benefiting from the structural advantage of BAMCO. Given the company’s current state of full sales, with subsequent pre-drilling and positive material expansion projects steadily advancing, capacity bottlenecks will break out of performance.
Tons/year, 1 million tonnes/year of positive material, with a target of 500,000 tonnes of nickel output unchanged, while working to achieve cobalt and lithium self-control.
Investment proposals: The first three quarters have had a significant positive impact on the Chinese-American cobalt industry, considering that the Chinese-American cobalt industry is about to develop into an integrated giant.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The individual’s investment proposal, whether written or oral, is invalid in any form to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities.
Any investment decision made by the investor on the basis of the offer or bid for the securities is irrelevant to the company and to the author.