Overall performance meets expectations, emerging business continues to push for opening up future growth space \triangleright revenues of $1,206 million, an increase of 16.77 per cent over the same period, and net return to the mother $399 million, an increase over the same period
30.16 per cent of the net profit on realization of deductions is RMB 363 million, an increase of 30.78 per cent. In the q4 quarter, operating income was RMB 316 million, an increase of 18.56 per cent, a rise of 1.21 per cent, a gain of RMB 122 million, an increase of 30.23 per cent and a growth of 16.77 per cent.
Performance met expectations, the market landscape remained high downstream, and \triangleright contribution to performance from the \triangleright project: in 2022, companies actively coordinated logistics and production against a backdrop of dramatic changes in the epidemiological situation.
The steady delivery of guaranteed orders, coupled with intensive management, continued search for efficiency gains, business in 2022 The market climate remained unchanged, relying on downstream clients to accelerate the deployment of high-end modules such as 200g/400g, which led to a steady growth in demand for products from the company's multi-lightware product lines.
Ma Tian and the high-speed light engine construction project at the data centre are dedicated to vertical integration with both active and passive light s0105211003
The project has now achieved a one-stop integration solution for the development of a photovoltaic engine, and now, halfway through the first half of the year, the sale is predominantly in United States dollars, benefiting from the exchange rate of the United States dollar, Marja Wei.
Increased profits also have a positive impact on corporate profits. Focusing on laser radar operations, waiting for downstream demand: the company relies on existing mature optical devices to develop \triangleright
The station, with its own professional accumulation in a variety of fields, such as basic materials and components, optical design, and integrated envelopes, can provide the agreed lightware product for the laser radar plant, which meets the performance requirements, with a fast-scale 1.
According to the company announcement, the company is currently evaluating the progress of lightware products for laser radar manufacturers: performance meets expectations, demand & engine load structure 2. Fibre communications (300394.sz) reported in mid-2022:
Model delivery and more customer imports, and the company's full cooperation with its clients to improve production and secure delivery. We believe that high-intensity support performance is growing robustly, and that the emerging field is gaining momentum, and with the continued spread of demand downstream from laser radar, it is hoped that the company's second-growth curve will be constructed and further hit.
3. Mobil Communications (300394.sz) for the semi-annual year 2022
\triangleright: Performance meets expectations, needs in a wide range of areas, needs of related clients. According to company announcements, the current overseas construction is progressing steadily as planned, with 2023 projected
Telecom (300394.sz) will become operational in the first quarter of 2022.
Investment proposal: Taking into account the delay in the completion of the corporate announcement project, we adjust the profit margin \triangleright to build a double profit by 2022/04/27
Multiplier: 28x/21x/17x. The company provides a one-stop solution as a scarce platform-type optical device in the country with strong performance resilience, high-speed light engine power to build second-growth players, a strong source-based business, well-known platform attributes for synergies between source- and source-based business, emerging business.
Curves - 2022/04/20 High-speed light engine and laser radar operations continue to advance, and companies grow up with full momentum. Maintenance of the `recommended' rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.