Net profits increased by 31% over the same period, and innovation continued at +30.16%. From a single quarter, 2204 companies achieved operating income of $316 million, or +18.60% over the same quarter; net return to mothers of $122 million, or +31.18% over the same period.
Business efficiency has contributed to higher profitability. The global data centre market maintained a fast-growing belt in 2022, moving the demand for upstream optical devices in the industrial chain, the company as the leading producer of the optical device, and fully benefiting from it.
Industry growth, in addition to the high-speed light lead for 5 g and data centres, which the company is building with funds to achieve production, generating some of the production of source devices, industry growth and new company industries
In terms of business management, the company managed in depth in 2022, with continuous efficiency gains and management efficiency gains, and eventually reflected a marked increase in the net profit ratio of the mother to the income to the income. In addition, sales from the company were sold in dollars.
The light engine project has opened up its production delivery, and the subsequent business has accelerated. The company’s high-speed light engine construction project of 2022 has successfully achieved small-volume delivery and synchronized preparations for phase two expansion of production capacity.
The boost is expected to boost the company ' s sourceware operations to achieve a significant increase in the unit price of the product through the integration of various types of light devices, such as precision microoptic components, precision mechanical components, on the basis of photochip envelopes; and, on the other hand, high-speed light engines, which are now 400g and 800g in the light module.
The new forms of containment that have emerged in the era of higher speeds, the demand of the industry is on the rise, and the build-up of the company’s production capacity is releasing and the volume of goods released can be raised.
System certification to meet the long-term needs of laser radar operations and to establish a system for researching and marketing the world-to-the-end flow of telecommunications (300394.sz) -- a synchronized increase in revenues and profits, a new business in a planned and efficient connection mechanism to advance the science and effectiveness of business processes in order to respond quickly to market changes
Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) - Rare light platform manufacturers, entering into brand new and customer requirements. Meanwhile, the subsidiary Arctic Photovoltaics has set up a laser radar device development centre to speed up the speed of Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) - Li Do is under pressure to maintain a robust, high-speed light engine.
Laser radar operations were followed up. “Future communications (300394.sz) - market climate recovery, new product volumes and new markets” Investment proposals: lower profit forecasts, maintenance of a “buy-in” rating.
Taking into account the firm growth in market demand and the volume of light engine operations that companies are expected to benefit from, and in areas such as cross-border expansion of laser radar, the “buy-in” rating is maintained in view of the company's growth potential.
Figure 2: Mobil's single-season operating income and increase (in millions, per cent) Figure 3: Mobil's net profit and increase (in millions, per cent) Figure 4: Mobil's single-season net profit and increase (in millions, per cent)
Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate changes in filiation single quarter Figure 6: Three cost changes in filiation single quarter Figure 7: Filiation communications cash flow situation (million yuan)
Figure 8: Fertilized communications inventory and quarterly changes (millions of dollars) Long and light engine operations and cross-border outreach in areas such as laser radar to see the growth potential of the company and maintain the author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author