The first-time coverage of the SWIFT technology (300124.sz) The continued increase in profitability, the acceleration of operations such as robotics, the SWIFT technology (300124.sz)
The industry has stagnated and general automation has led to growth. 25h1 manufacturing investment/industrial automation markets are equal to +7.5%/1%, and the oem market, such as lithium, is better than the project market.
: Zengtao_yj@chinastock.com.cn Clients push up the market rate and add a fixed point to support the future. 25h1 ideal/broad-broad-breathing client model e.g. :lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn
This resulted in a 49 per cent increase in corporate business, 25h1 times the share of the motor control in 10.1 per cent, with third-party suppliers standing steady; a 7.1 per cent share of the total power drive, with a mixed trend of over-achieving orders targeted; and 11.3 per cent of the fixed load. The company added 5 offshore fixed-point projects, with 30+ items in the country.
: duanshangchang_yj@chinastock.com.cn
The growth in profitability has continued since the end of the 24th century.
□: Pengxingjia_yj@chinastock.com.cn section, planetary roller staves have been sampled and a straight line executor developed; 2) iTechnastic platform architecture is located; 3) digitized smart energy solutions are built with 50gw capacity at Xian plant; 4) inocube
Platformfos products achieved quantitative orders and Fems products achieved substantive performance breakthroughs. catalog I, 25h1 performances met expectations
(i) Recovery and profitability The industry has stagnated and general automation has led to growth. 25h1 domestic manufacturing pmi hovers over the glory line but continues to add policy codes. Equipment upgrades and digital transformations have led to capex cooling and repair, manufacturing investment/industrial automation markets have increased by +7.5 per cent per cent, and lithium.
The market for electronics is better than the project market. Companies are leading the 17% growth in business revenue through measures such as continuous enhancement of marketing networks, with the domestic market share common server systems/low-pressure transformers/small plc/medium-sized plc/industrial robotic/scara machines.
The client vehicle-type release increased the company's business by 49 per cent, the market share of the booster company continued to rise, with 25h1 flying the electric motor controller's share 10.1 per cent and third-party suppliers remaining steady; the total share of electric powering 7.1 per cent was fourth, the multiplicity trend was set to exceed the order target; the fixed load was 11.3 per cent dragon II; and the share of the obc was 5.1 per cent seventh.
30+ projects, diversification of customer structures/product types, successful progress of the company ' s Sioux factory, first prototype of the Hungarian factory, downline, with high growth expected throughout the year and a steady 30% growth rate for the future. Elevators/tracking are actively looking for additional quantities.
The company is actively engaged in steady growth expectations through stock excavation/upgrading, emerging markets, and promotion of pilot projects. New strategic business such as robots accelerates. 1) The development phase of products such as low-pressure high-power drivers, unboxed rectangular power generators and joints sets of human robots, and the planetary roller staves have been sampled and a straight-line implementer developed; and 2) the iTechnology platform architecture is located ifg;
3) Investing in building the capacity of an integrated energy solution for domestic industry and industry, with new storage capacity of 50 gw; 4) digital nocube platform forfos products that have already achieved quantitative orders and substantial breakthroughs in fems products. By region, the company ' s 25h1 overseas business accounted for 6.4% compared to +39pcts, with about $600 million in electricity associated with new energy vehicles.
The ladder is about $400 million and industrial automation about $300 million. Figure 3: 25h1 company revenue splits by product classification. 25q2 Māori rate drops. 25h1 company sells 30.2% Māori, corresponding to +31.8 pcts, new energy class/general automatic.
By contrast, the overall Māori rate has been structurally reduced, while the scale effect of the Māori rate has become apparent as a result of strong market competition for new energy-type products, with down-cost rates. The cost for the 25h1 company period was 16.7 per cent, compared to 2.0 pcts, with sales, ring ratios - 2.1 pcts. The advantages of the company’s size effect have continued to be reflected, while the cost rate has fallen during the period under exchange gains and losses.
The company’s net return profits have increased faster than the recovery rate, and the profits have recovered. In the first half of 2025, the company achieved a net return profit of 29.7 per cent.
Mainly in 24 years, long-term term deposits and closed structural deposits were purchased to improve the efficiency of the use of funds. Corporate liquidity ratio/quick ratio was second, 0.7, 0.3, business efficiency industry leads. 25q2 net operating cash flow was re-innovated. 2025h1 net operating cash flow was 3.02 billion yuan, of which 2025h1 was net operating cash flow.
q2 billion yuan, a record high. Cash paid for fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets was used as a reference for “capital expenditure”, with corporate capital spending of $1.33 billion in the first half of 25 years, and the intensity of expansion was historically high. (v) Dupont analysis
Figure 39: Company 25h1 (black) compared to the analysis of du Pont 24h1 (blue) analysis splits II. Global industrial automation poles, technological growth continues to lead to global industrial automation, bold start-up of new energy cars, etc. The company was founded in 2003 and was first involved in the frequency transformer industry.
In 2010, the market for low-voltage transformers ranked second among national product brands, with integration and proprietary products being the first or the lead industry in a number of subsectors and successfully listed on the Shenzhen entrepreneurship board. In 2016, companies boldly deployed new energy automobiles, forming four pillars of operations: general automation, elevators, new energy vehicles, and others.
Orbital transport. In 2019, the company fully deployed its industrial software, creating a lot solution platform for cloud-based issues. From 2020, the company continued to upgrade its product performance, develop new technologies, develop more integrated elevator tractors in 2021, launch high-pressure transformers in 2022 for the metallurgical, oil, paper, etc., and independently developed the first global vplus-pin in 2024.
Industrial flat-line generators. In the first half of 2025, the share of the company ' s new energy passenger motor control products in the Chinese market was about 10.1 per cent, ranked second (first in the ranking of Biadi) and first among third-party suppliers; new energy vehicles, combined electric motors, fixed loads, and obc products were in the forefront of the industry.
Figure 40: Corporate development journeys Corporate business is extensive and product matrices are rich. The company focuses on automation, digitization and intelligence in the industrial field, forming four pillars of business layout — general automation, elevators, new energy vehicles and orbital transport, product coverage industrial automation, energy, industry
Robots, smart lifts, industrial Internet, new energy vehicles, and orbital transport. New energy vehicle solutions include electric power, power control, power, total power, four parts, new energy commercial vehicle solutions including microsurfaces, passenger cars, light cards, heavy cards, high power density, high flexibility, high security, etc.
The company’s management is mostly master’s, doctoral, and graduates from top schools across the country, with a wealth of expertise and professional experience. In 2016, the chairman of the board explored new opportunities in the area of new energy vehicles and made bold attempts, with a unique vision.
The company requires the research and development team to be close to the market, to be on the front line, to insist on high-level investment in research and development, and to invest 3,147 million yuan in research and development in 2024, with more than 20,000 employees, specialized in core platform technology research, applied technology research, and product development.
The company's main business projections for the future are as follows:
We give 25 years of competition to firms, taking into account business developments and future strategies. If competition in the industry increases further, the acquisition of market shares by firms through price reductions leads to a new round of price wars, the performance of firms in the industry will be further pressurized and corporate profits will be further undermined.
2. The changing global trade situation, the rise in Chinese and United States tariff barriers to global trade markets, the risk that the growth of restrictive policies against Chinese spare parts, raw materials, and so forth will hinder companies’ strategy of going out to sea.3 The risk of rising prices of raw materials.
China’s Galaxy securities cgs have personally committed themselves to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects their research views.
This report has been made available to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.