Chinese medicine (000963), pharmaceutical biology, high-quality white horse innovation, future medical and aesthetic business, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Recommended logic: 1) The pharmaceutical industry: the risk of simulating the collection of pharmaceutical stocks has gradually been cleared and overall policy-level pressures have continued to be released in 2019-2021: the three core areas of innovative tubes focus on neoplasms, endocrine, and self-exclusion, innovation transitions have shown results, and as of 2023h1 are stored in the development of innovative medicines and bio-like drugs project 51; 2)
Medical beauty plates: Medical beauty international layout champions. The plates are expected to catch harvests. As of 2023h1, there are 36 pieces of “no-and-micro” medical high-end products: 3) industrial micro-organisms: more than 40 years of deep cultivation of synthetic biology, exploring new opportunities for the industrial micro-organisms market, and building a second-growth curve for the pharmaceutical industry.
• The pharmaceutical industry: stock pressure is gradually cleared and innovation transitions continue to be added. 1) Stock varieties: prior to the "4+7" collection in 2019, Acapo sugar was accidentally lost, 100% of capsules were saved in 2020, zolconium, geo-westerine was included in the collection, etc., most of the company's core varieties have now been collected, no price reductions have been made.
Over the past few years, the stock of products and the pressure of products that have not been involved in collecting them have gradually been cleared up: 2) Innovative varieties: Focus on neoplasms, endocrine, self-exemption from the three core treatment areas, Lilalupe, ephemeral capsules, Agretin, etc. New products that drive the growth of industrial plates, and the Melvatini, imgn853, qx001s, etc.
2023h1 has been stored in project 51 for the development of innovative medicines and bio-like drugs, and the transformation of innovation has borne fruit. The company has 36 pieces of inventive + micromedical high-end products, of which 24 are already on the market, 12 are in the development of global innovation products, within the country: Eyonse's high-speed release and equipment-type products are ready to be released; overseas: the company acquires sinclair
The integration began with a combined return of £76.29 million (approximately £670 million, +26.1 per cent) and £12.6 million in ebitda, which is expected to continue to contribute to greater profit elasticity. Industrial microorganisms: 40 years of deep-cultivation synthetic biology, building a second-growth curve in the pharmaceutical industry.
As a core research and development innovation platform, biology has continued to implement an industrial microbiology development strategy, with the completion of an overall layout in the fields of innovative drugs (xrna&adc drugs), pharmaceutical ingredients, intermediates, health and medical materials.
We believe that industrial micro-organisms are expected to become a second-growth curve in the company’s pharmaceutical manufacturing portfolio. • Profit predictions and investment proposals. The company’s pharmaceutical, industrial micro-organisms, medical beauty, pharmaceutical business collections are expected to increase risk in 2024; the risk of price reductions for generic pharmaceutical varieties being higher than expected; and the risk of overseas operations and exchange rate fluctuations.
Risks: Policy risks in the medical beauty industry and the risk of medical accidents, etc..1 The pharmaceutical industry has undergone a transformation of innovation, medicine and industrial micro-organisms have become a business model for the pharmaceutical industry as a whole.
Since then, the company has been working on a strategy of “innovation transformation” in tandem with that of the medical industry, which is now dominated by the pharmaceutical industry, along with a business model of pharmaceutical commerce, medical industry and industrial micro-organisms, combining pharmaceutical research and development, production and distribution.
Figure 1: The history and future planning of medical development in China’s east, in 1998-2018, the company built two 100% capsules of over 2 billion heavyweight products ( artificial fermented winter weed powder) and Kabupin (Akapo syrup) and seven pastes, mainly based on the development of generic drugs.
Billion varieties have built good branding effects and strong market bases in the areas of chronic renal disease, transplant immunization, endocrine, digestive systems; after 2018, in the face of the unexpected loss of Acapo sugar harvesting and the industrial changes brought about by it, companies have been actively engaged in new research and development, focusing on the three core areas of treatment of tumours, endocrines and self-immunisation, through product co-development and equity investment, etc.
In addition, companies are transforming the era of innovation in industrial micro-organisms, medicine and beauty, and traditional white horses. Speeding up the transition to global medicine and beauty.
In the field, which began with the acquisition of the UK ' s Sinclair as a fully-owned subsidiary and the acquisition of its core product, young girls ' needle llansé and silhouette, the company ' s global medical and aesthetic operations now hold 36 items in the field of inventive + micromedical and aesthetics, of which 22 are marketed, both within and outside the country, in the development of 14 global innovation products, and in the product portfolio coverage section.
In 2012-2019, the company’s main business was robust, influenced by heavy-pound product tags, guaranteed price reductions, and disruptions, and the pharmaceutical industry’s harvest fell sharply.
After 2021, business income began to recover, with business income rising by 12% over the year, net profit for the mother, and 7% over the same year.
Profits are expected to return to a high rate of growth. Companies are operating more efficiently: the net asset rate of return (roe) has remained at around 14% overall, and the level of Eastroe in Central America has remained at over 20%, with a constant lead in the domestic pharmaceutical industry average.
High-level, service-capable logistics distribution systems, scale of sales and market share are at the forefront of Zhejiang province, risk from the collection of 2023h1 medical varieties is gradually being identified, incremental varieties are beginning to grow, 100% of the capsules, Acarbo syrup, sodium thorium, and whether core species such as McCorn esters are emerging from the epidemic, as well as from the combined effects, and release is being restored: the new species Lilalu.
As the pressure on the product in question gradually released, 2023h1 gross revenues for the pharmaceutical industry rose by 2.3% over the year, and the Māori rate rose to 81.2%; medical and aesthetic operations: the corporate medical and beauty industry focused on facial development, production and marketing of state-of-the-art products and instruments in the field of micro-record and skin management; and rapid deployment through mergers and acquisitions and strategic collaboration.
2023H1 Medical and US Board Overseas Market expansion and sales continued to improve, with a combined operating income of £76.29 million (approximately £669 million, +26.1 per cent) from Sinclair, a fully-owned subsidiary operating as a hub for the domestic medical and beauty section, which achieved business income of €522 million (+90.1 per cent), the continuous release of the core products of adolescent girls with needles, and an increase in the Māori rate of medical and US operations.
The company has a stable equity structure, with shareholders in large groups in China holding 41.8 per cent of the shares; the second largest shareholder is Hangzhou Hua East Pharmaceuticals Group holding 16.4 per cent of the shares, and the company achieves a full-industry distribution of medicines through holding or participating enterprises, with a focus on expanding Medical Science and Technology Limited, which acquires exclusive distribution rights for core products; acquires 20.6 per cent of the shares of the Quaker Bios and is working on a merger of the product.
Development and commercialization agreements; replenishment of a new generation of high-macro-adc drug research and development companies, Nolin, with 4.5 per cent of its shareholding; acquisition of full shares of global energy-sourced medical art equipment, viora; 35 per cent of Germany ' s Heidelbergpharma Public Department, with exclusive licensing of core products in China, Korea, Singapore, etc.
2 The pharmaceutical industry: stock pressure is gradually cleared, innovation is continuously added by 2.1 stock species: leaping out of muddy quagmires, gathering pressure gradually dissipating Acapose in September 2019 in the "4+7" collection, and in 2020 100% cap medical insurance.
With the transformation of innovation, industrial micro-organisms, and the proliferation of medical plates, companies are expected to continue to operate well.
Most of the company's varieties have now been the subject of intensive collection or health-care negotiations. In 2022, the Mid-Pharma Alliance was purchased in Mid-American East China.
According to the number of adaptive, over-judged manufacturers, although some species are at risk, the overall policy end has gradually released pressure on the harvest in 2019-2021, and corporate pharmaceutical block revenues are expected to grow steadily over the next few years as stock varieties are stable and new ones continue to be marketed.
2.2 Innovative Varieties: Breaking down, sustaining the innovation shift Corporate innovation R & D pipelines focus on the three core treatment areas of neoplasm, endocrine, and self-exclusion, working in depth and strategic collaboration with advanced pharmaceutical companies, both domestic and foreign, to build a global Chinese medicine research and development biosphere, including through product co-development and equity investment.
In 2022, the company ' s product line began to harvest, with new products such as lirrulus, puerperium capsules, Agretin, etc. driving industry growth, followed by a variety of varieties such as Mawaltini, imgn853, qx001s. As of 2023h1, there were 82 research projects in the company, of which there were 51 innovative products and bio-like drugs, and 2023h1 pharmaceutical industry research and development projects.
2.2.1 Endocrine: sugar is a core feature of the whole landscape, strengthens the core advantages of adaptive conditions, strengthens international cooperation, focuses on the research front, and creates a whole line in the field of diabetes. Sugar is a core strength of the company and possesses it.
A strong marketing channel and a high-quality marketing team. In addition to core replicas such as Acapo Sugar, Caglia Net, multi-line layouts are developing products that cover traditional oral sugar pills, dpp-4 inhibitors, sglt-2 inhibitors, glp-1 single-drugs, multi-target drugs, and insulin and their likes.
In December 2022, the 2023 edition of the International Authority Guide to Diabetes was released. The new version of the ADI Diabetes Diabetes Diabetes Treatment Standard was clearly adapted to the chart of the Diabetes 2 drug treatments.
For the risk of type 2 diabetes patients, drugs should have as their primary objective the reduction of heart and kidney disorders: second, the new version of the drug treatment route has very finely defined the reduction or maintenance of blood sugar and body weight targets for type 2 diabetes patients: for blood sugar management. The new guide specifically lists highly efficient, efficient and effective drugs for sugar reduction: for weight management, except for the setting of one.
The physical weight management goal also emphasizes evidence-based structural weight management projects based on lifestyle interventions, and sugar treatment programmes should consider strategies to support the weight management goal.
(1) dpp-4 inhibitor dpp-4 is still being imported into the country, with a high level of competition for generic drugs. dpp-4 is a new sugar-relief drug based on intestinal insulin machines that increases insulin samples-1 (glp-1), gip and insulin by disrupting dpp-4 enzymes.
Dpp-4 inhibitors have been clinically used overseas for longer periods, starting with 2017 in the country as part of national health insurance. In recent years, with the expiry of patents on the dual formulations of dpp-4 inhibitors [Vigretin (2019), Sha Greenin (2021), Sigretin (2022), Ligretine (2023)] and the successive expiry of patents on the compound formulations,
As a model of competition among pharmaceutical companies, dpp-4 inhibitors are expected to continue to raise their market share by replacing traditional sugar-reducing drugs. Agretin: In 2021, Wudong Medicines was authorized by Wudang to be responsible for the promotion of the Chinese market in Agretin, and the patent will expire in 2024.
Global market sales in Agretin in 2021 were estimated at around $700 million (in 2021 alone, Merchatón Sigretin was sold at $3.32 billion). According to domestic data, in 2022, the Chinese sample hospital in Agretinpdb was sold at about $80 million, and the domestic market still had great potential.
Biggest, the creation of a stable distribution channel and a high-quality marketing team by 2024 will pre-empt Chinese medicine. Sigletin: the original Sigretine + 2-A dual-agent manufacturer, Mossadon, was approved for listing in 2007 for fda, and China was approved in 2012 for a product called Genoda, which is still poorly controlled or in the process of treating blood sugar via a two-carat single drug.
Two diabetic type 2 patients treated jointly: Sigletin's unilateral formulation, also developed by Mercerton, was marketed in 2006 and has now been approved in more than 80 countries around the world. Mercer Eastegrétine and Sigletine + 2-A are the best-selling products in the field of dpp-4 inhibitors, and global sales have remained stable for a long time, with constant pricing in 2019-2020.
Pressure and regional demand in the United States have declined slightly in sales. Domestic sales have increased in an outbreak after 2015. Domestic sample hospitals sold more than $190 million a year, their original patent expired in July 2022, and Chinese medicine will continue to boost (2) glp-1 receptor agonists.
The insulin receptor agonizer-1 (glucagon-likepeptide-1, glp-1) is one of the new drop sugar drugs that have been marketed in recent years. glp-1 is a multipolymer hormone that is glycerine glycerine-discharged by the intestinal tract after food stimulation, which stimulates β cell insulin insulin. Receptive agonists can perform the same biological function as natural glp-1 while avoiding degradation and thus prolonging it.
Time. The glp-1 receptor agonizers are currently on the market, mainly Essena, Lilalupe, Essena long-acting formulations, Dora sugar, Lisna, Benalu, polyethylene diol Losena, which can be divided into short- and long-lived glp-1 receptor agonists depending on the duration of the action. Short-acting glp-1 receptor agonists require multiple skin injections over the course of a day and long-acting glp-1 receptor agonizers.
At present, 10 glp-1r agonists, used separately, are on the market, mainly for diabetes and fat. Two of these are from China, and are polyethylene-loxenaside and Jen of the Hauser Pharmacy.
Beinaglutide, a biologist, was listed domestically in 2019 and 2016 respectively. Table 4: Glp-1ra (up to 2023q1) Nord and Nord Annual Report, a global listing, shows that Glp-1 operations earned DKK 83,371 million in 2022, an increase of 56 per cent over the same period.
The market in China has expanded faster, with 132% growth in 2022. Lilaruphin is the current dominant glp-1 receptor in China, with Noor and Nord being the original research firm, whose diabetes is adapted to diabetes.
Approved by ema in 2009, approved by fda in 2010 (good name: victoza), approved by nmpa in 2011 (business name: Nokón ); approved by fda in 2014 and approved by ema in 2015 (good name: saxenda). According to Nord and Nord, 2022, Victoza / 2022 global sales
DKr 12.32 billion (approximately RMB 12.33 billion), of which the Chinese market (including mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan) is the annual Dora Lu Ping anti-Nono and Nodli La Rubone, while the Smegrupine injector is the third-largest product in the global glp-1 receptor agonist market.
Sales rose in an outbreak, with domestic pdb sample hospital data showing that Lilalupi injectable fluids in the glp-1 category in 2021 accounted for 71.6% of the sales income and occupied an absolute monopoly position in the Chinese glp-1 market. The Lilaru diabetics adaptation declared by the Chinese-American East China was marketed in March 2023, and obesity or overweight adaptive disorders were introduced in June 2023.
Semaglutide, also translated into Somalutide, is a second-generation glp-1 analogue developed by Nord and Nord, with long-acting glp-1-week formulations. In December 2017, fda approved the market for Smeglugium injection fluids. The global sales of Smeg Rudd have been growing at a high rate since 2019, and Nord and Nord reported that Noor and Nodsz Megrup were close to taking over in 2022.
51% of the market share, of which ozempic, rybelus, Wegowy contributed $94.3 million, 17.8 million, and $980 million respectively, up to May 2023, when No and Nodglp-1 products accounted for 54% of the global market. The success of the "Theo Pharmacy" was also due to its significant clinical effects, the 53rd European Diabetes Study, 2017.
The results of the study published at the annual conference of the Association (easd2017) show that type 2 diabetic patients received 1.2 million yuan and 470 million yuan per week for sale and that the market space was wide in 2022. As of 2023h1, the Chinese Medicine Department ' s Megroe fluid had completed a clinical phase and reached the end of the equivalency study, and a clinical study had been initiated.
Fortheoral (non-peptide) glp-1ragonistttp273intypy2diabetes. howmuchandwen[c]/diabetol.conf, 53rdannu.meet.eur.assoc. studydiabetes, easd2017.port.2017,60:s51-s52.
hdm1002 (artificial small molecule glp-1r): The company ' s autonomous development of oral small molecule glp-1ra ' s hdm1002 diabetes adaptation product was first approved in May 2023 by the Chinese-American Bind, and the first human test was completed in early June: the application for obese adaptive Chinese ind was submitted in June 2023.
hdm1005 (glp-1r/gipr): glp-1r/gipr dual-target long-acting polythrome agonist, developed autonomously by the company, has entered the research phase of the ind and the project is currently progressing well and is expected to submit its application in early 2024.dd10624 (glp-1r/gcgr/fgf21r): the controlling affiliate, Doyle Biology, is studying.
The multi-agonist dr10624 of the glp-1r/gcgr/fgf21r target finished several incremental doses of obesity in July 2023 in New Zealand for the first case of a clinical trial for drug Mad. The dr10624 application for overweight or obese weight management was approved in July 2023: the diabetic adaptive China dind application was approved in June 2023.
ttp273: In December 2017, Vtv’s global innovative oral molecule glp-1ra. Unique authorization for development, production, and commercialization was obtained from 16 countries and territories. tttp273 was developed.
ttp273 is almost the same as smigrupus for sugar. (3) sglt-2 inhibitor sglt-2 is the dominant drug in the oral sugar market.
A protein promotes the reabsorption of 90% glucose in the kidneys. Sglt2 inhibitors block, reduce reabsorption of glucose in the kidneys, thereby increasing glucose excrete by urinating excess glucose. Sglt2 inhibitors have unique therapeutic effects in the treatment of heart failure and chronic renal disease.
Net (listed) and net (listed) Chinese medicine first-time Chinese medicine first-time Chinese medicine product Chinese medicine is now a health insurance catalogue category B variety. Data from the domestic pdb sample hospital show that the net sales of Chinese medicine second-time Chinese medicine in 2022 amounted to $6.05 million ($3645 in 2021).
Kaglé was the first sglt-2 inhibitor approved by fda. Global sales showed a downward trend in net sales of Kagre between 2016 and 2021; domestic sample hospital sales data showed that Johnson and Johnson had the highest market share in the country ' s calendar years, and that Kaglé was the net winner in the country ' s fourth class of centralized purchases, with prices falling by more than 50%; its domestic sales fell significantly since then.
On 19 January of that year, the company’s diabetic mellitus matrix was optimized by the approval of a four-type generic listing application for the East Capricorn Net in Central America. The global sglt2 inhibitor is now on fire, with only six national generics listed and evaluated and 19 declared highly competitive.
2.2.2 Oncology category: Diffusion profiled multi-drugconjugates. Lutton medicine is active in the field of adc (antibody-drugconjugates, antibodies-pharmaceutical puppets), accelerated R & D and cooperation, in collaboration with leading biotech companies in the country and abroad, special products such as Diffusion profile adc.
Medicines have invested in antibody R & D production companies such as Quakers, adc connectors and mythology, Norrins, incubating the thugs that own the entire product line of the adc toxic material, holding the multi-platform R & D company, Doyle Bios, working with the new global technology company in the adc field, heidelbergpharma, in equity investment and product collaboration to create the monopoly of Chinese medicine.
The adc global R & D biosphere has further upgraded the company's top global R & D technology and clinical registration in the adc field. (1) Mawartoni film, according to the International Agency for Research on Cancer (iarc), 228,000 new cases of lung cancer in the United States of America in 2021, of which not very small.
In 2021, there were 828,000 new cases of lung cancer. Of these, 90 per cent were non-small-cell lung cancers (approximately 745,000). In the mutated genes of non-small-cell lung cancer, egfr mutagenic changes account for a larger proportion of the total mutation.
The egfr of nsclc mutates about 15% of the white population, while the Asian population and China account for up to 50%. The egfr mutagenic chemostatic inhibitor (tki) has significantly prolonged the patient’s survival, and is a first-line standard treatment for ngfr’s late mutation nsclc. egfr-tk1 has evolved through generation, generation, and generation, generation, generation, generation, and generation of egfr-tk1 as a result of three generations of egfr-tk1
In 2022, the number of new Nsclc infections in China is expected to be around 840,000, and the market for non-small-cell lung cancer in China is about 54.3 billion yuan.
(her2) Small molecular inhibitors. McWaldeni co-arranged with the egfr (erbb1) and her2(erbb2) helium, irreversibly repressing the phosphorus stimulant acetase self-acidification, resulting in a erbb signal downturning, and thus inhibiting the growth of the tumor. Mawaldini was included in the breakthrough therapy varieties (late non-small cell lung cancer for the rare mutation of egfr) in May 2023; and
The market is currently divided into three generations of drugs for the egfr-tki target: the first generation has a reversible relationship with the egfr-tk target (primarily the epinephrine 18, 19, 20, 21 mutated lung cancer on the egfr gene), and the second generation with the egfr-tk.
The target is irreversibly combined (sensitive to mutation points such as g719x, l861q and s768i on the egfr gene), and the third-generation drug directly affects t790m and effectively avoids the t790m mutation problems faced by the first two generations.) Based on the evidence that Afateni was approved by the fda for treatment of rare mutation patients in late egfr, Afatoni is recommended for use.
chemotherapy (and anti-vascular therapy) is still the only approved late-stage first-line treatment for egfr’s rare mutation lung cancer. The first-line chemotherapy for late lung cancer can bring only 15 - 57.7% objective mitigation and 4.4 - 8.5 months of non-progressive survival.
The second generation is still recommended for this target, according to the Nsclc Clinical Guide (2022 editions) issued by the Chinese Clinical Oncology Association (csco). At the 2022asco Congress, China’s Medicines published a McWaldone for egfr mutation (s7681, 1661q) and an Egfr mutation.
G719x late Nsclcii open, single-arm, multi-centre clinical trial data with an objective patient mitigation rate (orr) of 85.7%, median no-progress survival (mpfs) of 20.6m, and medium continuous mitigation time (mdor) of 22.15m.
In May 2023, the company was included in the cde breakthrough treatment program. The company introduced the new global drug adc somitudinal anti-injection fluid (commodity name:
According to the data, the number of ovarian cancer cases in China rose from 50,000 in 2015 to 56,000 in 2021, and is expected to reach about 60,000 in 2026. Among female tumours, ovarian cancer is the highest rate of mortality.
chemotherapy is the main means of treatment at present. According to the ovarian malignant tumour diagnosis and treatment guide (2021 edition), the principle of initial treatment before ovarian cancer is “surgery-based, assisted chemotherapy, with emphasis on comprehensive treatment”. Some 82.7 per cent of patients with intermediate and late ovarian cancer have re-emerged, with re-emerging forms of re-emergence of cyst sensitive and platinum resistant.
The platinum-resistant ovarian cancer, coupled with its adaptation to platinum-sensitive tumours, diversified combinations of medications and strong competitive advantages.fr-α (Folic acid receptor alpha) is a combination of folic acids (sugar-based phosphorus fattysterol anchored proteins) coded by folic acid in a cell membranes, with molecules of about 38-40kda.
White. Expressed on the surfaces of various physical tumor cells, e.g. ovarian cancer (76-89%), triple-negative breast cancer (35-68%), uterus membrane cancer (20-50%) and lung cancer (75-90%); fr-α expressed limited in normal tissue. hdm2002, combined with the fara of the tumor cell surface, entered the tumor cells through ingestion effects, and then connected key break to release anti-micromics.
The future is likely to be used for the treatment of multiple physical tumors, which have great market potential. Hdm2002, which received an accelerated approval from fda in November of that year; domesticly, the fr-α target is only one competition for the same drug adc, bat8006 for the Beothai creature, is clinically i. hdm 2002 is leading.
Having reached the primary endpoint of the study, in March 2023, Pre-bla, 2023q3, which was included in the priority review by cde in July 2023. (3) bcma, psmaadc drugs
Two adc products: Target B cell mature antigen (bcma): The world currently has four bcma target adc products, the fastest-growing belenantamabfodotin developed by gsk, to clinical ii.
Belantamabmafodotin failed to achieve the main Pfs endpoint in clinical research on the treatment of polyseveral osteoporomaii.dream-3 study was a head-to-head efficiency test to assess the efficacy of blenrep single drugs compared to a combined low dose of pomdex, where blenrep middle-level pfs were 11.2m and Pomdex 7m.
The main pfs endpoint shows a hazard ratio (hr) of 1.03 (95% c: 0.72,147) and the test results are poor. At present, the Chinese medicine works with heidelberg to target bcmaatac and hdp-101 is the fastest clinically advanced product in the world.
In January 2023, China East Medicine Co. Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of China East Medicine Co. Ltd., announced a cooperative commercialization of its bcmacar-t cell product, zevorcabtageneautoleCel, ct053, in mainland China.
Line products are autocar-t cell products used to treat recurrent/unable multiple osteoporoma. In October 2022, China’s National Drug Control Authority (nmpa) accepted the application of ct053.
The target is an antigen (psma): hdp103 is an adc drug that targets the psma target, and the global view is that the psma target is at an earlier stage, with a total of five items in the adc product. The company partner, heidelberq pharma, is currently conducting a pre-clinical study of the product, which is adapted to transferative degenerative prostate cancer (mcrpc).
2.2.3 Self-exclusion: the layout of the niche product tubes, with significant differential advantages, predicts that the global market for drugs for self-immunised diseases has increased from $97.5 billion in 2016 to $12.6 billion in 2020, and that China ' s market for medicines for its own immuno-related diseases has grown from $1.6 billion in 2016
Growth to $2.5 billion in 2020, expected to reach approximately $24.7 billion by 2030. Figure 26: Global market for drugs for autoimmuno-diseases. Figure 27: Size of market for drugs for China ' s own immuno-diseases
The Chinese medicine seeks win-win co-operation through product authorization, direct ownership, and participation. Multi-line layout, with a focus on non-satisfactory areas in the country, covers various aspects of products such as cardiovascular disease, silver scrap disease, new coronary disease (1) hdm3001 (qx001s)
qx001s is a biosimilar of the original drug Usnibus resistance. According to the 2022 edition of the Guide to the Treatment of Bioagents for Sino-Chinese Silver Scratch Disease, Silver Scratch is a widespread self-immunological disease that affects at least 60 million people around the world, with more than 6.5 million people in China alone.
For systemic treatments such as cyclosultan, mescaline, mescaline, or puva, which should not be answered, forbidden, or intolerant, middle-heavy silver chips in adults. European, U.S., and U.S. approvals include adult filamental and joint-type silver chips, as well as severe filaments of silver chips in children and adolescents between 6 and 17 years of age; and Japanese approvals for adult filamental and joint-type silver chips.
Ussinol research, a major global market share of the United States' strong stelara. Drug-melting cloud data show that in 2021, Ussinone global sales stood at about $9.4 billion, while the Journey Annual Report showed global sales of Stelara in 2021 at about $9.1 billion, or 96.8 per cent, and was also the top ten in 2021 for global drug sales and global sales of antibodies.
Hdm3001 (qx001s) has huge market and application prospects for the future, and is expected to break the monopoly of the original drug in the domestic market. Ussin’s entry into the national health-care catalogue in 2021, with prices down to one-fourth of the original price, is expected to grow in the domestic market.
Early completion of all candidates in grouping in February of the year and achievement of the main end-points of the study, listing applications were obtained in August 2023 (2) hdm3002 (prv-3729) hdm3002 (prv-3729) by the company for the introduction of U.S. proventionbio products for treatment of systemic red.
In the United States of America and Hong Kong, China, where the product sle-adaptation-lla clinical trial is under way, the application was approved by cde in April 2023 for formal admission to the iia mrct test (prevail-2).
In 2020, the number of patients in the global sle rose to 7.796,000 in 2020, of which the prevalence rate in mainland China was about 30-70.10 million, and in 2020 it was about 1,034.9 million. hdm302 is a humanized bi-specific antibodies that target b-cell surface proteins cd 32b and cd79b.
cd32b is a key negative control factor for b cells to ensure that they are resistant to preventing their own immune disease from occurring, and hdm3002 inhibits b-cell function by triggering this inhibitive immune test site loop. hdm3002 has now completed two phase 1 studies on systematic red filament la and lb. Both studies show that Prv-3279 is well-resistible.
And there are no serious adverse events associated with the tests. Prv-3279 does not deplete b cells and shows a continuous association with the circulatory blymphocytes, which has the effect of reducing the protein level of the circulatory haemoglobin.
(3) An exclusive licensing agreement was signed in February 2022 between China and China, China, and Kiniksa, its wholly-owned subsidiary. China and China received two first-in-class of their own innovative global biopharmaceuticals for immunization, arcalyst and mavarilimumab.
China, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand, India, etc., will pay Kiniksa an initial payment of $22 million, up to or above $640 million in development, registration and sales milestones, as well as a charge on net sales in two-digit instalments.
Arcalist is the first and only drug approved so far by the fda for the treatment of repeat heart disease among people aged 12 and over, and is also expanding its use. The results of the overseas iii clinical trial for the treatment of relapse heart disease show a 96% reduction in the risk of repeated heart disease among patients receiving random treatment (risk ratio = 0.04).
p<0.0001) while 92% of trial days experience pain-free or at most mild pain, the placebo group has 40% of test days (p<0.0001). Changes in patient questionnaire ratings during 12 weeks of monoblind testing show significant improvements in arcalist treatment (p<0.001), with the most significant changes in the body pain scale (d=2.63) followed by pgips (d=1.82) included in the country by cde in Clinical Emergency.
The company is expected to officially submit the application in China in 2023 for the treatment of caps. In addition, the company completed the re-emerging cardio-carbitis adaptation in China at the end of June 2023. Figure 31: Effects of the arcalist treatment assessed by the patient ' s questionnaire
Mavrilimumab is an all-human monoclonal antibody that can be combined with the α-yaki (gm-csf) receptor's gm-csf drive downstream cell signals. gm-csf may be a medium of hyperactive inflammation associated with snorting and death. Kiniksa from medimmunelimited in 2017.
With global permission from Mawilimumab, plans for the development of rare cardiovascular diseases are currently being evaluated. Medical beauty: Focusing on high-end markets for medicine, capacity-plus marketing readiness is a central strategic area in the vast health industry in China.
For the centre ' s outreach, the extra-coded internationalized layouts. In 2021, 2022, Sinclair acquired the international energy medical beauty company, Hightech and viora, respectively, and in May 2022, the Irish emaesthetic energy source, préime dermafacial multi-purpose skin management platform, with global distribution rights except Germany and the United Kingdom, with 2023q1 sinclair in Europe.
The continental market has introduced new sculpt&shape-based energy-source equipment for the rejuvenation of the entire body and face. The company has achieved full market coverage for non-handicraft medical fine injection products and energy-source devices: a global interest in multi-patent products in facial filling, facial cleaning, body plastics, wires, energy-source devices, and internationalized medical beauty operations and bd teams.
Focusing on global medical high-end markets and building a global medical marketing network. The company relies on its fully-owned subsidiaries, Sinclair, Spain and the participating companies, the US, r2, Switzerland, kylane, and the five global production bases, the Netherlands, France, the United States, Switzerland and Bulgaria, to form R & D, manufacturing, market camps.
Internationally distributed medicine fairs, which now cover more than 80 countries and regions around the world. As of 2023h1, the company had 36 items of “micro-plus-no-change” medical beauty high-end internationalization products, of which 24 were marketed, both within and outside the country, and was studying 12 items of global innovation, product portfolio coverage, filling, wiring, skin management, body plastics, stripping, private repairs.
After the year, sales will continue to be on the market, both within and outside the country, and will generate a growing dynamic for corporate global medical and aesthetic operations. 3.1 Injection-type projects: llansé  Yyonse's heavy weighting of a single item, the safety of light medicine aesthetics is high, and the user ratio is rising year by year.
(b) Non-surgery (skin management, hair cultivation, oral beauty, facial lifts, injections, photovoltaics). Compared to surgical medical beauty services, non-surgery is favoured by a growing number of consumers due to the characteristics of safety, short recovery periods, popularization of prices, etc., in 2021.
The total benefits of the non-surgery segment of the medical beauty service were further increased from $1 billion in 2016 to $133.9 billion in 2025, with a compound annual growth rate of 21.7 per cent, representing medical beauty suits in terms of total benefits. Injection and energy sources in light-medical beauty projects were non-surgery core products, accounting for non-surgery items in 2022, respectively.
44% and 47% of the purpose. Because this type of project works fast, it is popular with consumers. Injecting medicine has the highest consumption of urinary acid and botox, especially in Bolivia, and in 2022, more than 50% of the medical consumption of urinary acid, which exceeds the previous year’s share of urinary acid, which constitutes the mainstream of injecting consumption.
Ellansé Yeon-seok TM: The heavy weight is on the market in China, and is ready to be released on a continuous basis. llansé (commonly known as the “daughter needle”) is an injection of polyhexyline microglobace filled under the flag of Sinclair, a fully-owned British subsidiary, which was certified by the European Union in 2009, approved in April 2021, and officially landed on the mainland market in August.
At present, the llansé Yeonse terminal covers a steady increase in power, with over 500 co-operative medical institutions contracted, over 1,100 certified doctors trained, branding and market openings rising, and emerging gains. The level of profitability continues to be positive, surpassing the revenue earned by Chinese and American medical workers and contributing to corporate profits during the same period last year.
In terms of clinical effects, based on clinical test data assessing the safety and effectiveness of the wrinkles of zhaoetatal.(2022) from the moderate to the heavy nasal groves (nlf) in therapy, 12 months after the injection, the results of the wsrs of the ellansé-s (using the wrinkled weight scale) and the ggais (global aesthetic improvement scale) were 88.5 per cent and 95 per cent respectively.
The results are much better than the effects of the control group (22.4 per cent and 37.5 per cent, respectively), and from the safety point of view, the incidence of adverse events associated with the experiment was 8.8 per cent (11.3 per cent in the control group), and the main adverse effects table is now the lidocaine magnosis and treatment site response.
Figure 38: Post-injection effects of llansé, as a long-acting anti-degenerative product, the girls’ needles are predominantly competing for long-acting puretic acids and puppies. cmc in llansé can provide immediate filling support, and pcl microballs can stimulate the production of their own gel proteins.
The effects can last about three years; cmc and pcl's final metabolites are glucose, carbon dioxide and water, and they can be completely removed from the body, with a high degree of safety. The main component of the coronary needle is the concentrated left-handle emulsion (plla), which effectively stimulates the regeneration of their own glycerin.
The main components of long-acting urinary acid are transparent acids, which can be filled with water. Both young girls' needles and long urinary acids are filled, but later young girls’ needles stimulate the rebirth of gels, while long-acting urinary acids do not.
China’s market for injecting medicine products is expanding, and botox and botulinum acid are the two most mature in the field of resistance to decay. In recent years, plyon protein stimulators (including pcl, plla, and plyon eggs) have become the most sophisticated.
In order to simplify the calculations, we have classified gel protein stimulators and gel proteins as regenerative injections. The sales of regenerative injection products for the country’s “girl needles” represent only 4% of injecting medical beauty products, 43% of urea and 53% of botox. According to Frost Sullivan, domestic sales of urinate products increased at a compound rate of around 2022-2030.
In 2021, the size of the US market for non-surgery medicine in China was approximately 61.1 billion yuan, of which 19.9 per cent was based on injection, and the above data make it possible to predict that the market for domestic toxins in China was approximately 46,173 million yuan in 2030, and that the model for the market for boriotic acid was approximately 32,88 billion yuan, and the market for regenerative injections was about 5,133 million yuan.
The range of products locates high-end markets, and is one of the most effective products in the world today. The product contains a lidocaine component, which reduces the pain of the pirate injection process, and improves the treatment experience of beauty seekers.
Using a unique oxifreeTM patent technology, products are used for fewer, longer periods of use, transparent acid modification processes are low, and high heterogeneity, especially better filling, can provide lasting and excellent mass filling effects.
Different parts provide consumers with facial beauty filling solutions. Post-injection maintenance can last up to 12-18 months. The oxifreeTM patent manufacturing technology, the first global retention of long-molecular ha chains, enables transparent acids (ha) to interact efficiently with a small amount of 1,4-butadiol diglycerin (bdde) to form a supporting layer of tissue or bone.
An extremely soft, spring-like gel matrix. The gel matrix can serve as a "smart spring" (smartspring), which is continuously connected to the upper layers of tissues, adapts to the natural movement of the face and bounces in stereos based on pressure from different directions, maintains the form of the gel, and maintains the natural face expression. Moreover, the oxifreit technology has a persistently prominent filling capacity.
The oxifreeTM network (with fewer active oxygen substances) can be better preserved during the sterilisation process, in the interest of the pageant to reduce the amount of injection and maximize the filling effect. According to the Plastandaestheticresearch, in the comparison test with the acetex product, Juvédermvoluma, the maili series is in sticky molds,
The product series has been marketed on the European market in 2021h1 and has contributed to the rapid growth of overseas revenues. Extreme is the country’s first clinical entry in September 2022, and the maili series is expected to be marketed in 2025.
In recent years, China’s medical-American market for transparent quality acid has grown in size and market concentration has spread. Given the rapid growth of European sales, China’s medical-American industry, and the country’s high-end brand void, it can be expected that the maill series will be fast-tracked once it is marketed domestically.
Silhouetteinstalift: The only absorbable wire approved by the U.S. fda to be used by the Central Face Organization, Tira. The product consists of 82% of the plla and 18% of the plga, using a 3d two-way cone-codine combo technique, enables immediate and lasting organizational repositioning, stimulates regenerative gel, and effectively reconstructs facial and neck profiles.
Silhouetteinstadlift is expected to be listed domestically by 2025, and is expected to compete differently in the domestic market. The domestic market is still at an early stage, with only three Nmpas of domestic facial implantation/combine line products currently available.
Certification, respectively, of the American-American tight line, the Korean-style student line and the Chinese-Zejiang microline, and the rest of the products, such as the fish, have grown at an annual compound rate of about 101.7 per cent in China's face-laying line products, and the market size is expected to grow from 1,130 million,32 million energy sources in 2021: the acquisition of the high-tech medical firm, the deep layout energy source plate.
In 2019, Chinese medicine joined US company R2 and, in 2020-2022, acquired high-tech companies, such as Hightech, viora, to integrate the energy sector in the areas of body plastics, facial plastics, and anti-aging; and, in addition, Maaesthetics.
In April 2019, Chinese Medicine and American R2dermatology entered into a cooperative agreement with the United States of America to accumulate ownership of the company.
Thirty-four percent of the shares, introducing the cold-touched hairy snow gracialspa (f0), and obtaining exclusive distribution rights for the cold-touched instrument glacialrx(f1) and the entire white-and-white instrument glacialai(f2) in China and the Asia-Pacific region. Of these, f0 was officially listed domestically in March 2022, and a dtc (directtocustomer) model was created in the country, with consumption.
F1 is moving in an orderly manner and is expected to be marketed in China in 2024; f2 is still in place.
3.2.2 Acquisition of Spain 's Hightech, advance to the plastics sector, and the rapid growth of the market in the Chinese plastics industry. As technology develops, the consumer ' s focus on beauty extends from the face to the body, such as the waist, back, milk, thighs, etc., and the industry's philosophy goes from "Less."
The Chinese plastic market is expected to reach about 100 billion yuan in 2030, but it will increase faster than the American-American market as a whole. There are currently three main technical streams in the plastic market: non-intrusive, invasive, non-intrusive, and non-intrusive.
Introduction, with its higher safety and comfort being able to achieve the desired results, is fast driving the market’s expansion. The Panel’s data show that annual increases in the volume of non-intrusive projects such as the frozen-cut-downs, ultrasound-cuts and non-intrusive orders have been 318% and 216%, respectively, over the past three years, higher than the fat-absorption (intrusive) medical-American projects, and a similar trend is expected in future plastics segmented markets.
Euro Euros milestone payment for the purchase of a 100% equity interest in the Spanish energy-sourced medical appliances company, Hightechnologyproducts, s.l.u., which focuses on non-intrusive energy sources (energybaseddevice, ebd).
R & D, and production, has developed into a break-down tap in the frozen-fat industry. Hightech has created a combination of innovative non-intrusive lasers and refrigerated lipid abatements for clinics and medical beauty centres, including cooltech, cooltechdefine, crystile, and laser stripping products.
The new generation of frozen soluble resins and laser energy sources uses techniques that are more comfortable and safe for beauty seekers, with a view to industrial development and consumption trends, doctors are more flexible to operate, and the equipment is networked and can be further developed.
3.2.3 Acquisition of U.S. virora, widening of the PV track, and purchase of 100% of U.S. Energy-sourced Medical Equipment by Sinclair, a fully-funded pharmaceutical company in China, in February 2022.
Innovative technologies such as svc and pcr, with a combination of advanced products using lasers, strong pulses and radio frequencies, high-pressure injections, microcrystal skins, etc., provide high-quality, cost-effective, non-inventive and micro-inventive solutions. Their applications cover areas such as resistance to old age, body and facial plastics.
There are more than 10,000 institutional users. Viora has five major publicly marketed energy-sourced medically fine tools, including medical multifunctional exercises for body and facial plastics, skin-stressed reactionTM, combined radio frequency (rf), strong pulse (ipl), laser (laser) energy sources as one.
To be a platform “v series” product, a énerjet product with a needleless high-pressure injection technology in jvr, a diamond micro-crystal coating, a pristine TM, and an infusion TM with a lonwaveTM electro-hole import technology. 4 Industrial micro-organisms: thick and thin hair, opening up new blue seas
4.1 The market space for the microbiological industry is wide-ranging and highly favoured by national policies. In recent years, industrial microbiological technologies have undertaken more detailed and specific research on key technology and hotspots in the traditional microbial catalytic industry, which has become a direct driving force for the development of micro-organisms.
The application of biological processes has enabled industrial microbiological technology to look for catalytic tools in more microbiological resources, based on genetic levels, and to explore catalytic regulatory approaches at a deeper level, presenting unprecedented prospects for development. According to bccresearch, the world market for microbiological products is expected to rise from $186.3 billion in 2018 to 2023.
The micro-organisms industry is a strategic and emerging industry in the country, favoured by national policies. Both the 13th Five-Year Strategic and Emerging Industries Development Plan and the 14th Five-Year Bioeconomic Development Plan treat biomanufacturing as a strategic and emerging industry in the bio-economy.
In addition, China ' s Medium- to Long-Term National Science and Technology Development Plan (2006-2020) includes biotech as a strategic priority for scientific and technological development. 4.2 Synthetic biology has cultivated for 40 years, connecting the industrial micro-organisms industry chain.
Industrial micro-organisms are based on a strong industrial base that is fast-tracked, holding the ownership of Hu Hu Jian, establishing the Hoi Hua Bian Bian, and working together to build the China-dong Institute of Technology in Synthetic Biology, which has formed three major research and development innovation platforms, a pattern map of six industrial bases, continuously optimizing the product structure, accelerating the transformation of research results, actively developing internationalization operations and opening up a new growth curve for companies.
In November of the same year, the Chinese pharmaceutical company, China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-Tung and Sun-Sun, invested in the development of the Lake-North American Healthy, the Great Healthy Products Integrated Operational Platform, with a registered capital of 250 million yuan, and the ratio of medical holdings in China-East.
60%: On December 29, 2021, US$ 108 million East China acquired a 100% share in Anhui Huachangco, and the industrialization of Huachangco insect drugs and other drugs; in May 2022, the holding company established a fully-owned bioinvestment company to benefit organisms. The biopromotion of the series of industrial catalytic enzymes and related biocatalyzing products has formed enzymes.
In August 2022, Chinese medicine will fund up to $396 million, and will acquire 60% of the shares of the company, as shareholders in its control, in the field of nucleotide and diagnostic reagents for small nucleotide drugs.
Dntp. At present, Chinese medicine has three microbiology development platforms, the Hangzhou Seal Bridge, the Changang New Zone, Jiangsu Xiaoyang, Miki Health, and the Meowa Gokko Five Industrial Bases, with the largest fermentation monolithic workshop and industry leading microbiology in Zhejiang Province, with research and development capabilities covering the creation of bacterial species.
At various stages of microbiological engineering technology such as metabolic regulation, separation purity, enzyme catalyticization, synthetic modifier, etc., complete manufacturing systems for the development, testing, commercialization, engineering and public utility systems of microbiological projects have been developed.
The Department of Microbiology, which brings leading technical talent into the international talent development system and continues to optimize the efficiency of research and development, currently has 335 research and development personnel, representing 23 per cent of the total. The Industrial Microbiology Development Strategy continued in 2022, with the creation of raw materials for new drugs (nucleic acid & adc drugs), pharmaceutical ingredients & intermediates, health & medical supplies, pets and features established.
Biomaterials are in five main directions. Research and development of innovative, high-tech barriers, high-value-added product lines in five business areas and continuous optimization of product structures are continuing. While expanding the domestic market, comprehensive certification of internationally registered products is being promoted and internationalized.
New operations, such as raw materials, have taken up the market rapidly and have achieved better sales performance, and the overall business has continued to grow steadily, with the total sales revenue from the removal of the industrial micro-organisms from specific commercial product operations having increased by 27.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
On the whole, Chinese medicine has developed a clear industrial micro-biostrategic development plan that will focus in the future on pharmaceuticals and intermediates, special-purpose chemicals, high health and medical and aesthetic materials, biomaterials and enzymes, and the layout of “high innovation, high-tech barriers, high-value-added” industrial microbiological product lines.
As a high-value-added product, nuclear products become an important strategic layout of the corporate industrial microbiology plate. The current global market for nuclear products is growing rapidly, and the market is likely to grow in the future. According to frost&sullivan, 2021 global nucleotide drugs.
With a market size of $3.5 billion and a compound growth rate of 36.8% in 2017-2021, it is expected to rise to US$ 10.9 billion in 2025, and Washington, D.C., H., H.C., and H.I.T., are working together to build a high-tech, high-barrier whole-of-industry chain. In March 2022, the Chinese East Doctor, a new industrial platform for synthetic parasites and other drugs, further developed the industrial microbiology field.
Chinese medicine, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, acquires 60% of HUNT's equity for $396 million as its controlling shareholder, layouts the entire industrial chain production system in the nuclear field. After two strategic deployments, HUSCO, on the one hand, will assume responsibility for the scale production of HUNT-modified nuclear, monolithic, and upstream raw materials, and is expected to further reduce the unit cost of production of nuclear products.
In combination, the company, using production bases such as Chinese-American high school, Chinese-American technology, and Chinese-American technology, has jumped to the country’s first-tier nuclear material in the upstream field of nucleotide drugs and diagnostic reagents.
In the field of animal health, the company has had more than 10 pets in stock, more than 10 high-end raw materials, more than a large amount of high-health raw materials in the field of motor protection, and potential opportunities for more than 10 people to switch drugs to pets.
In the future, integrated raw material formulations can be developed, and Southern agroanimals will serve as an important development platform for corporate industrial microbiology protection operations. (2) Medically fine: domestic: high end demand, good competition, and expected to remain fast in 2-3 years. 3) Industrial microorganisms: corporate priority strategic layout plate, new acquisition of Chinese technology in 2022 is projected to be full year 2023.
Year 18xpe: The company ' s performance as a national medical beauty international leader has continued to accelerate, with medical fairies granted in 2024 38xpe; industrial microbiology plates in high-speed development with industrial microbiology plates in 2024 40xpe; companies that have not progressed as fast as expected in clinical and commercialization of innovative products developed or introduced; product competition patterns that increase risk; generic pharmaceuticals
The risk of higher than anticipated price reductions for varieties: the risk of overseas operations and exchange rate fluctuations: the risk of medical policy and medical matters in the medical and aesthetic sector has not been caused, is not caused, and will not be compensated, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.