Strategic re-engineering, beauty rejuvenating, Chinese medicine: from medicine to medicine, into a new phase of growth, medical biology.
Founded in 1993, China East Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd., after 30 years of developing company operations, covers the entire pharmaceutical chain and is dominated by the pharmaceutical industry, while expanding pharmaceutical commerce, medical and aesthetic industries and industrial micro-organisms. External environmental impacts, such as harvesting and epidemics, have affected companies since 2020.
(yoy+9%) The net profit from maternity is 2.5 billion yuan (yoy+9%). Of this, the company achieved a high growth in medical and US business through forward-looking layouts, which enabled the company to advance to the US market. In 2022, the company’s medical department together achieved an operating income of 1.915 billion yuan, a 91 per cent increase in comparable calibres.
Wang Jinjin, as a result of intensified research and development, is expected to return to the faster growth trend of 2022, when the young girls ran for regenerative products and became a part of the high-end injection market.
In 2021, the company Yeon-seok was successful in obtaining three types of medical equipment, and now the country has three types of regenerative products for three types of medical devices, namely, Aviron of San Boma, a pedigree of beauty parlour, and a needle for a Chinese drug.
By the end of 2022, more than 500 hospitals had been contracted and more than 1,100 certified doctors had been trained. In 2022, the fully-owned domestic company, Hinkomi, had collected $626 million and achieved better profits.
The facial and body filling injection products are being studied.
The testee's main therapeutic performance indicators are collected, and it is expected that the maili urinary acid will be marketed in the country.
In 2021, the company acquired 100 per cent of Spain ' s Hightech shares, and acquired a series of products such as cooltech, frozen-fat devices, and laser hair removal devices such as prismlase; and in February 2022, Sinclair completed its share of the American company Viora, which focused on medically non-inventive and microenergy equipment.
The recent year’s stock acquisition compared to depth of 300, has further expanded the company’s medical innovation pipeline. Multiple products are expected to be marketed in the country, and photovoltaic equipment will be harvested.
In 2023, we will expand our cooperation model to speed up cooperation and market coverage with the country's United States agencies.
ISPs are now on the market in the country, looking forward to their release. Full-cycle, differentiated and innovative product pipelines. Looking forward to new products on the market, companies have continued to step up research and development innovations in their pharmaceutical operations, and have established a global centre for new drug research and development.
A more complete system of innovation in drug research and development, from drug discovery, pharmacological research, pre-clinical research, clinical research, to industrialization. According to the mid-2023 report, the company has stored in the areas of the development of new medicines and bio-like drugs project 51, endocrine coverage, self-immunisation and neoplasms, etc.,
This has been effective in safeguarding the continued development of innovative products for clinical advancement and marketing, and for medium- to medium-sized industrial micro-organisms are expected to grow into new dynamic energy.
For example, new businesses such as the expansion of innovative drug raw materials, the raw materials of the big health products have taken up the market rapidly, and the overall business has continued to grow steadily, with a combined sales income of $510 million a year, a 22% increase over the previous year. Companies have established raw materials for innovative drugs (xrna&adc).
Medicines & Intermediates, Healthy and Healthy Raw Materials, Pets and Special Biological Materials are expected to grow as companies grow through the continuous development of high-innovation, high-tech barriers, high-value-added product lines in five business areas and the continuous optimization of product structures.
We believe that there is still much room for improvement in the long-term penetration of the country’s medical market, and that light medicine, which is dominated by projects such as injection filling and photovoltaics, has become the mainstream of medicine. The company has a full-blown layout, filled with PV products, fast-released running after Eyeon has been on the market, followed by urinary acid and so on.
Photovoltaics are on the market for product relays, and the growth of medical and American businesses is strong. The pharmaceutical industry is moving out of the harvest, and the gradual commercialization of innovative medicines has brought new growth points to the pharmaceutical industry.
1.1 History of development: The pharmaceutical base is deep and the new engine of medicine is expanding. China East Medicine Co. Ltd. was founded in 1993 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2000. After more than 30 years of development, the company’s operations cover the entire pharmaceutical chain.
Leading the pharmaceutical industry and expanding the pharmaceutical business, the pharmaceutical industry and the industrial micro-organisms industry have developed into a large-scale integrated drug research and development, production and distribution complex, which gradually became the leader of the pharmaceutical industry, 1993-2019: Hangzhou Medicine, 1993
In 1996, after the reorganization of the company, it changed its name to Chinadong Medical Co. Ltd. in 1999 and successfully traded in late 2000, completing the initial build-up of the company.
In 2005, the company's product, Xekoping, received the first production approval in the country: in 2006, Acapose sugar and epoxy were certified by fda and EU cos, respectively.
In 2019, for the first time, the company's pharmaceutical industry sold 10 billion yuan and built a global corporate research and development strategy with a central focus on China and China.
From 2020 to the present, innovation in pharmaceutical research and development has been strengthened, and the beauty of medicine has gradually been scaled up: by 2020, the company has been subject to such factors as clustering, and the company has continued to make strategic adjustments to strengthen research in the pharmaceutical industry.
External market expansion and product restructuring; expansion of medical-American business, with young girls on the market, quickly released and became another engine of growth for the company. In 2022, the company’s medical-American portfolio together generated real operating income of $1.915 billion, an increase of 91 per cent by a comparable calibre.
The combined operating income was about 1,144 million yuan, the first annual operating profit since the acquisition: the domestic subsidiary Xin Xiaomei collected 626 million yuan.
1.2 Medico-American business is growing rapidly, the pharmaceutical industry is moving toward better harvests, and the profits are going well. At the end of the harvest, the company was affected by the impact of the epidemic in 2020, the loss of Acapo sugar collection and the reduction of prices in health-care negotiations.
The revenues were $33.7 billion, a slight decline over the same period. Companies continued to increase the layout of their medical and American business, and strengthened research and development innovation in the pharmaceutical industry and the optimal transformation of their pharmaceutical businesses, with a steady increase in business growth and innovation in 2021.
The pharmaceutical business continues to make a major contribution, and the business of medicine and beauty is growing rapidly. The pharmaceutical business remains a major contributor to the company’s business, accounting for 68 per cent of the company’s main business revenues in 2022.
Business trends have continued to stabilize, with business indicators shifting from a decline in the beginning of the period to a resilient growth, with sales of all core products steadily and rapidly growing throughout the year, moving away from the operational impact of aggregate price reductions. In 2022, $11.7 billion was collected, a year-on-year increase.
Figure 5: Corporate pharmaceutical industry collection and growth rate Figure 6: Corporate medical and United States operations collection and growth rate Figure 7: Corporate income structure for business ownership (%)
The overall cost rate is stable and profitable. The ratio of medical beauty to industrial plates, which benefits from the company’s higher Māori ratio, has increased overall Māori rates, the marketing of products has increased, and the cost of company sales has improved in the first three quarters of 2023; and corporate governance has improved.
Cost management rates are relatively stable with R & D rates. Thus, corporate overall profitability remains 1.3 shares to motivate core people and enhance confidence in long-term development. In August 2022, the company launched the 2022 Restricted Stock Incentives (draft) scheme.
The total number of incentives awarded was 117, including directors, senior managers, middle managers and net profit from annual non-repatriation ($2.2 billion) who were employed in the company (including subsidiaries) at the time of the company ' s announcement of the plan.
7 per cent/23 per cent.50 per cent, 14.5 per cent for cagr, and the corresponding net profit from non-repatriation should be equal to the employee ' s motivation, which demonstrates confidence in the company ' s long-term development.
In 2013, the company first joined the American Medical Center through the exclusive proxy of the Korean lig life sciences, sodium-transparent sodium acid gel. In 2018, the company acquired the United Kingdom ' s Sinclair Professional Medical Corporation to open the International Medical Fair.
In 2019, the medical and American industry continued to open up its domestic and international markets, earning over $1.2 billion a year; the core products of the United Kingdom ' s Sinclair company were marketed in more than 60 countries and territories. The global layout of the network was achieved by 2020;
In 2021, products were sold to more than 80 countries and regions around the world, with 35 sums of “micro-plus-no-change” American inter-American high-end products; and a brand-new Young-yeon needle was approved for sale in the country.
The purchase of 100% of the Spanish company ' s Hightech shares and the exclusive authorization of the Belgian company ' s 4 medical products in the global region (except the United States) in the field of dermatology. The company ' s collections in the first three quarters amounted to $1,874 million (excluding internal offsets).
This figure represents an increase of 36.99 per cent, with 970 million yuan (yoy+23 per cent) in international operations and 820 million yuan (yoy+89 per cent) in domestic Xinqiaomei schools.
2.1 Yeon-seok leads the regenerative product, continues the high-end injection market, the company Yeon-seong's needle 2021 was approved, the market coverage and branding were rapidly raised after the market was marketed, and a good start was made for the medical and aesthetic business in the country in 2022.
At the end of 2022, more than 500 cooperation hospitals had been contracted and more than 1,100 doctors had been trained and certified.
The dual effect of "immediate filling + regenerative regenerative" is that young girls' needles run for regenerative products. The effect of young girls' needles = acupuncture needles + urinate, coupled with immediate filling and continuous stimulation of the gel protein growth can produce natural safety and lasting effects.
The regenerative products with the three types of medical instruments are also Avelan and Amélie needles, which, during the day, are mainly pcl microscopes and cmc gels, have no product to match, are mainly filled, and have improved skins and made during the day.
In addition, the company Yeon-seok type 2023q1 has successfully completed all of the tests in Chinese clinical trials and has begun to follow them. We therefore believe that young girls will continue to lead the high-end regeneration market.
In October 2020, the Department, through its subsidiary, Sinclair, participated in the Swiss Advanced Medical Research and Development Agency, kylane, and signed a cooperative product development agreement between the two sides, and Sinclair acquired kylane.
Pip (intellectual property) and its global interests focus on research and development products in the area of facial and body fillers. In addition, the company obtained a global exclusive license for the kylane maili series.
In August 2023, China completed the collection of the main therapeutic indicators for all those tested in its clinical trials, and it is expected that the maili urinate will be marketed in the country. In addition, the polyscillated emulsion pyre, the stimulant lanlumav and x were approved in December 2022.
The city is the only regenerative currently authorized for hip and thigh fillings around the world to integrate research and development and marketing resources with the UK subsidiary Sinclair to build an international medical platform. In 2018, the Chinese medicine was bought at Pound169 million for 100% of the British medicine.
Since then, Chinese medicine has expanded with Sinclair as its center, building a global network of internationalized graphic layouts to achieve international and domestic duality. Through Sinclair, companies have acquired and participated in a number of advanced medical and American enterprises abroad.
Six global R & D centres in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, France, Switzerland, Spain and Israel, and six globalized production bases in the Netherlands, France, the United States, Switzerland, Bulgaria and Israel.
In 2022, sales of products covered more than 80 countries and territories around the world. In 2022, Sinclair achieved a combined operating income of £134,557 million (approximately RMB 1,144 million), which was increased by the same amount.
For the first time since the acquisition, the Division has achieved annual operating profits, keeping in view the continued growth of international operations. 2.2 plus “No + Micro” energy source equipment, full access to light medicine, uniquely planted wires, and robust market growth.
On the basis of the theory, the implantation of the protein magnetization line into the appropriate dens using the wire device has a continuous and effective incentive to the dens through the linear system for the purpose of lipid reduction, including the use of line needles, stimulation, diffusing, economic simplicity, significant therapeutic effects and toxic side effects.
According to the Co-research Network, the scale of China’s wire market in 2015-2022e and the technological innovation of wire products have been marketed in many countries. The company’s beauty line products silhouette use 3d two-way cone hanging technology to effectively reconstruct face and surface.
The contours of the neck, which have outstanding advantages, such as immediate effectiveness, micro-creation, absorption, and lasting effect. Silhouetteetteetteette series has been certified or marketed in more than 60 countries or regions and is currently entering China by SilhouetteinstavtTM, the current United States fda
The only approved line-absorbent product for the central-face organization Tierra. According to the report of the millenniumresearchgroup, the silhouette series of line products ranked first in the market for the line in the United States and Europe. aestheticsurgery
According to the 2022 White Paper on New Oxygen Industries, the best-wanted and best-treathed medical projects in 2022 are photovoltaic projects.
According to medicalinsight, the market for Chinese medicine and light electricity in 2022 was 35.674 billion yuan. Compared to injections and other light-medium projects, the highest proportion of light-medical projects in 2019-2022 was gmv, which was the first in light-medium projects.
In 2019, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the United States company r2dermatology to invest in R2 equity and obtain medical devices (f1 and f2) developed by the company r2 and their future improvements in China.
Year q1, cool snow gradialspa completed its first global launch in the country, using innovative cryomodulization ice and white technology, low-temperature precision suppression of black synthesynthesis and trans-shipment from the source, with the effect of improving skin colour, which, according to the 2022 report, was exceeded with the country.
In addition, many of the skin management instruments, such as the multifunctional skin management platform, préimedermafacial, and énerjet, have been listed overseas.
The company acquired a 100% equity interest in the Spanish energy-sourced medical beauty equipment company, Hightech, which extended the company’s medical beauty line to the field of energy-source medical beauty equipment operations.
In February 2022, the company acquired 100% of the shares of the global energy-sourced medical and aesthetic equipment company virora, which is effectively aligned with the company’s existing medical and energy-source product lines. Its core product series V has been certified by the United States and the European Union and is listed overseas.
According to the company's 2023 quarterly report, v20's application for registration was received by the National Drug Control Authority (NDSA) in September 2023: V30 registration tests and technical information are being prepared in an orderly manner. In the first quarter of 2023, the company introduced a whole-body plastic on the European market.
The new energy-source equipment for facial rejuvenation, sculpt&shape, continues to build the overall competitiveness of the company’s global medical beauty business. Medicines: innovative research and development, robust growth
3.1 The pharmaceutical industry: Strengthening innovation in research and development, enriching the research line The pharmaceutical industry is gradually moving away from the intensive effects and generating a resilient increase in income. The impact of the 2015 - 2015 period has been to achieve stability and rapid growth in the sales of all core products throughout the year.
In 2022, China and the Middle East achieved sales revenue (including cso operations) of $11,244 million, corresponding to an increase of 10.88 per cent, net profit of $2,093 million, representing an increase of 4.71 per cent, and corporate profitability as the effects of corporate collections were gradually absorbed and innovation of pharmaceutical products progressed.
Figure 17: The Mäori ratio in the pharmaceutical industry perfects the R & D system and provides medium- and long-term growth dynamics. Over the years, companies have maintained the concept of "R & D-based, patient-centred" and the cost of R & D has increased overall.
According to the mid-2023 report, the company is already in the process of developing an innovative drug and biologically similar drug project.
In the field of self-immunisation and oncology, which effectively guarantee the continued development of clinical progress and good marketing of innovative products, new dynamic energy is provided for medium- and long-term development. In the field of oncology, the heavy weight product elahere is on the market in the United States, and clinical lines are abundant.
In November 2022, the company, in collaboration with the United States of America's immunogen, developed a cure for platinum resistance.
For adults who treat the folic acid receptor α (fr-α) positive and who have been treated with skin-resistant ovary cancers, tubal cancers, or primary peritoneal cancers on their ovary after having undergone a treatment programme of 1 to 3 lines. According to the 2023 quarterly report, the Chinese bla application is expected to be received in the fourth quarter of 2023.
Based on the good clinical performance of the product, the follow-up company and its partners will promote ovarian cancer frontline treatment through further clinical research.
According to the 2023 Quarterly, the company’s 1st new drug, Myhuateni, was included in the breakthrough treatment variety in May 2023 (a late stage non-small cell lung used for rare mutations in egfr).
Cancer; final non-small cell lung cancer clinical trials for sensitive mutations in egfr have been completed to the main end point.
According to the 2023 triannual report, the company’s first autonomous research and development project, hdm 2006, was confirmed at pcc in September 2023, and entered into the ind development sequence. An additional product of oncological innovation is expected to be confirmed at pcc in the fourth quarter of this year.
Endocrine area: The advantages of diabetes treatment are evident, with multiple sugar reduction products in the layout. Companies have developed innovative drugs and different imitations in the mainstream treatment targets for diabetes.
In March 2023, the first bio-like pharmaceutical product of the Department was approved for the country’s first adaptation to diabetes in Lilalu. In July 2023, Lilalu was approved for obesity and reduced sugar and double flowering.
The clinical study of the Smegrum Injecting Lii was initiated and completed in September 2023 as the first case of admission.The company's autonomous development of an oral small molecule, glp-1 receptor agonist, hdm1002 sugar
In China, the application for obesity adaptation was approved in September 2023.
The multi-agonist dr10624 of the target glp-1r/gcgr/fgf21r, developed by the holding company Doyle, completed the first-time incremented dose of the drug (mad) clinical trial in New Zealand in July 2023.
In August 2023, the Chinese ind dr10624 application for weight management for overweight or obese people was approved, and the Chinese ind with hyperglycerine triester adaptive disorders was built around the glp-1 target.
The full-scale and differentiated product line that combines global innovative and bio-like drugs with multiple targets, and the continued consolidation of the company’s position as a domestic leader in the endocrine field.
glp-1r/gipr glp-1r/gcgr/fgf21r Traditional oral sugar meds
dpp-4 inhibitor glp-1 receptor agonist sglt-2 inhibitor
Insulin and analogues, double-target agonists, three-point agonists.
Sigretin's dichotomy, lilalupine, diabetic ailment: published.
Akapo Snacks Insulin Insulin Insulin Injection (New Zealand Clinic I) (China ind)
(50,500 mg has been marketed)
(50,850 mg has been marketed)
Argretine Pyric acid (China Clinical) (Preclinical)
(in United States) Ignatine dimetrazine tttp 273 (clinical period u)
15/500 mg marketed (15,850 mg declared market) Voglepo sugar tablets with meglomium injectable fluid
Lilalu has been approved for his rehydration and has taken over the weight loss market.
On 4 July 2023, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, China and the United States, was granted an authorization to enter the market for Lyla Lupe’s inoculation of obesity or overweight. In addition, the company’s diabetic fluid is considered to be diabetic.
The Lilalupi fluid of the Chinese medicine was used in a different production process than the original researcher Dano and Nord. At present, the Chinese medicine currently includes glp-1 products, including multi-products such as the Megroukone injection of the bio-like drug.
A number of companies in the country have discovered the Blue Sea market for diet drugs, and the original Lilalupe IDUs have expired or are in a state of ineffectiveness, including various companies such as Tombo, Hanwoo Pharmacy, etc.
In the treatment of obese or overweight patients, the Oscillator capsules currently available in Central China and East China are both prescription drugs (Cayuping) and otc (intuitive) products.
In recent years, the company has accumulated a certain academic base and market resources for marketing and promotion in the domestic market.
The existing Orishi other capsules achieve complementarities between the clinical and in- and out-of-the-hospital markets, with products released in the area of self-immunisation: the future of the free market and the pace of the larger heavy load of products. According to the Mercure Biorequirer, China’s free drug market is expected to grow from 17 in 2017.
The US dollar grew to $10.1 billion in 2026, with the company introducing two global innovations in the United States kiniksa field of its own immunization, arcallysté and mavrilimumab, of which arcalisté has been approved in the United States.
For the treatment of cyclical syndrome associated with cold diarrhea, il-1 receptor antagonism deficiency and re-emerging heart disease, the product is included in the domestic list of new medicines needed outside the country for clinical needs, and the first and only paragraph approved so far by the United States fda also applies to persons aged 12 years and over.
Relapsing cardiovascular disease is a painous spontaneous inflammation, usually in the form of chest pain, often accompanied by a heart attack. The number of kiniksa officials shows that about 40,000 patients in the United States seek and accept a repeat heart attack every year.
Some 14,000 of these patients experienced a relapse due to continuing basic diseases or inadequate response to traditional treatments (e.g., non-septic anti-inflammation pills, autumn peseudoline and cortex steroids). At the end of June 2023, the company completed the re-emerging of Chinese pre-inflammation.
Bla submits that the company is expected to officially submit in China, in 2023, a bill for the treatment of cyclical syndromes associated with cold hysteria (caps).
Hdm3001 (formerly stelara) is used for the treatment of heavy-spray silver crumbs in adulthood, and the Usnillone antibiotic-like drug hdm3001 (qx001s) has been accepted at nmpa in August 2023.
One of the leading companies with the most comprehensive and overall development of biopharmaceutical lines in the field of allergy diseases submitted to Hong Kong in March 2023, ipo listing, figure 21: The size and growth of the market for free drugs in China (in millions of United States dollars)
3.2 Industrial microbes: accelerated layout, promising additional contributions Establishment of five major R & D directions and steady growth in industrial microbiology operations. In 2022, companies continued to implement the Industrial Microbiology Development Strategy and have established innovative drugs (xrna&adc).
There are five main directions: raw materials (drugs), pharmaceutical ingredients & intermediates, healthy & medical materials, pets, and special biological materials. The product structure is constantly being optimized through research and development into five major areas of operation: innovation, high-tech barriers, high-value-added product lines.
In addition to expanding the domestic market, full-scale international certification of products has been promoted, and internationalization has been actively pursued. In 2022, companies have taken advantage of the market as a whole through the integration of traditional raw materials, the expansion of new businesses, such as new drug and health products.
A steady growth trend continued, with combined sales revenues of $510 million a year-on-year increase of 22 per cent; industrial micro-organisms were removed from specific commercial products in the first half of 2023; research and development and industrial resources were synergized and energy was developed. Corporate industrial micro-organisms were needed for the market.
It's driven by research and development technology, and it's coordinated with industrial resources, and it's a different product pipeline and solution, with three microbiological research and development bases: China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, the New Zone, Jiang Su-yang, Maggie.
Six industrial bases in health, Meowa High School, and Hu Hu Hua Yin. According to the 2022 annual report, more than 130 research and development projects have been initiated in the industrial micro-organisms sector of the Department, mainly 17 items (including sub-items) of innovative raw materials such as xrna and adc, pharmaceuticals and pharmaceuticals.
The company has set up a fully structured Department of Industrial Microbiology, which has introduced top-notch technology, fully integrated into the international talent development system and continuously optimizes the efficiency of research and development.
Co-operative + M & A in a number of ways to speed up business layouts. In May 2022, the holding company, the U.S. Bioinvestments, set up a fully-owned company, the Biosynthesis.
In July 2022, a fully-owned affiliate, the People’s Government of China, China, China, and Hangzhou City, and Zhejiang Industrial University, together organized the China-dong Institute of Technology for Synthetic Biology Industries.
On the basis of technology, the focus on nutrition and medicinal chemicals, medical aesthetics, biological materials, and healthy sugar substitutes will promote innovation at the frontier of synthetic biology on the land and commercialization of medical micro-organisms in Chinadong. In August 2022, the company completed its work on Chinese technology.
The M & As have been implemented in the field of small nucleic acid drugs and ivd chemical raw materials for industrial micro-organisms. Through a series of research and development and the integration of industrial resources, the company has taken shape in the fields of synthetic biotechnology, enzyme catalytication, chemical synthesis modifications and separation purity.
In April 2023, the company acquired Jiang Sonamjing Farm Farm Pharmaceuticals Ltd., fast-tracking pet and aquatic protections to break down the track. The company's industrial microbiological plates are for synthetic organisms, industrial fermentation, greening.
Technology such as manufacturing is the chassis, forming the organizational structure and pattern of the Ministry of Industrial Microbiology Industries+Innovation Technology Corporation+Industrial Manufacturing Base. Innovative drugs (xrna&adc drugs) raw materials, pharmaceutical ingredients & intermediates, large health & medical beautys have been completed.
The overall layout of the material sector will actively expand in the future in areas such as pet protection, special biological materials, etc., and will continue to increase the industrial profile.
A healthy growth in pharmaceutical commerce and rehabilitation of Maori levels. In 2022, the company’s pharmaceutical business stock responded to multiple impacts and shocks in exceptional circumstances, actively sustaining its operations for a long period of robust growth and generating business revenues of $25.707 billion, an increase of 6.21 per cent.
According to the company’s 2022 report, the company continues to upgrade its logistics, and it continues to improve its market access and network coverage.
High-end value-added services such as information, finance, operations, etc., and the provision of policy services, have established operational partnerships with 90% of mainstream pharmaceutical enterprises both inside and outside the country to achieve full coverage of public health institutions, key private medical and retail pharmacies, and markets.
Intra-hospital markets focus on key indicators such as the introduction of new products, hospital shares, and order satisfaction rates.
(a) To translate value-added services such as policy matters, pharmaceutical management and other services into productivity;
The out-of-hospital market has expanded and the coverage of private hospitals, clinics and retail pharmacies has increased significantly, while at the same time increasing the company's own retail profitability, building new retail outlets in the East of China, building on the advantage of the Platform Plus Product Plus Network, expanding the range of services and improving the import of varieties,
Innovative operations continue to advance in depth, with sustained efforts in the areas of innovative products, innovative logistics, and innovative services, promoting multi-bureau linkages, integrating internal and external resources, and upgrading innovative operations.
Overall effectiveness. Continue to operate as a major agent, focusing on specialized drugs, enriching the inter-generational range line management; fully develop a three-way supply chain operation, with Treasury operating at a level closer to Hangzhou Treasury, where distribution tasks outside the area covered by Hangzhou Treasury will be transferred to the Honghuaku, Hang.
State Treasury launched cold-store expansion and fully developed the cold-chain tripartite logistics; “b2b+b2c” double-tube continued to upgrade the China-East Medical Business Network and actively operated the mainstream electric-business platform with its own flagship shop for large-scale sales; and the new product series Xu Guang and Xuan was launched online, with a booming stream of new products.
1. Medicines business: the company’s pharmaceutical business is solid and strengthens the opening of off-the-hospital operations. The product structure has been restructured to expand the range of special medicines represented by high-end cold chains and vaccines.
2. The pharmaceutical industry: the company is expected to continue to strengthen research and development innovations in the pharmaceutical industry, which is rich in pipelines and expands industrial micro-organisms.
3. Medical beauty operations: the sale of young girls ' needles has continued to increase, leading the country ' s high-end regeneration market; products such as the subsequent high-end urinate maili are expected to be marketed gradually to achieve the company ' s (1) assumption of a 4.5 per cent increase in the pharmaceutical business in 2023.
For $26.9 billion, assuming a net interest rate of 1.2 per cent and a net profit of $320 million, the reference can be 10 times more than that given by the company, with a market value of $3.2 billion; (2) assuming a growth rate of 7.1 per cent in the company ' s pharmaceutical industry in 2023.
12.5 billion yuan, assuming a net interest rate of 17.4 per cent, corresponding to a net profit of 2.2 billion yuan. Reference can be made to (iii) the medical and American business assumption of 2.65 billion yuan in 2023 and a net interest rate of 17.4 per cent.
We believe that there is still much room for increasing the penetration of the domestic medical market over the long term, with full-scale injection of + photo-electric equipment products, rapid release of Yeon-seok after it is on the market, followed by the growth of medical-American operations in the development of product relays.
It's strong. The pharmaceutical industry is moving out of the harvest, and the commercialization of innovations is bringing new growth points to the pharmaceutical industry. Industrial micro-organisms are expected to contribute to the new risk of price reduction in stocks: policies such as centralized purchasing, health-care negotiations, etc.
Risk of regulatory policy change: health sector reforms are deepening, policies such as collection, health insurance negotiations are continuing, and production costs and profitability levels in the pharmaceutical industry are increasing.
The challenge is that new pharmaceutical products may also face the risk of lower prices.The risk of new drug research and development is that new drug research and development is more demanding for research and development personnel, and that investment in human and prior research and development costs will place some pressure on companies to achieve current business objectives.
It also faces market demand tests when new drugs are marketed, and there is a risk of price reductions, which may have the effect of less than expected returns on R & D inputs. And if the clinical results of the product are not as good as expected in the study or introduction of the product, the product will not be placed on the market as expected, thus performing.
Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: Exchange rate fluctuations will affect the price of a company ' s export products and will result in exchange gains and losses for the company, directly affect the company ' s assets, liabilities and earnings, and further affect the enterprise ' s ability to operate, repay and make a profit.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.