The re-reduced sugar advantage channels provide a comprehensive and innovative layout.
Ripping: outperform • The dominant leader of the pharmaceutical industry and industry, leading a new phase of performance growth with a comprehensive and innovative layout.
Medicines were established in 1993 and traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2000.
Recent years have been influenced by policy factors such as the loss of traditional and powerful drug collections and negotiations on health insurance, with a short period of decline in performance. Since then, companies have accelerated their business transformation and expanded the entire spectrum of medicines such as medicine and innovation. In 2022, business income was $37.71 billion, an increase of 9.1 per cent, and net return to the mother of $2.50 billion.
We believe that companies have a high-quality pharmaceutical industry layout, steadily moving forward with innovation strategies, and that older pharmaceutical firms are expected to embark on a new phase of high-quality growth. Globally integrated, the Medicare has opened the second pole of growth.
In 2018, the company purchased the United Kingdom’s Sinclair, opening the era of global medical and aesthetic industry and using non-surgery medical and aesthetic products as a nuclear development area. The core products of young girls’ needles and energy-sourced equipment in the country’s medical plate were rapidly released.
At the same time, the company's deep-seated, transparent-quality acids and multi-source energy equipment were among the medical products. 2022 Medical flats generated $1.915 billion in operating income (excluding internal offsets) and domestic and foreign revenues from medical and aesthetic operations were the highest in history. By a comparable caliber (excluding China's Dong Ningbo), there was an increase of 91.11 per cent, compared to 91.11 per cent.
The panel’s share of total revenue has gradually increased. We believe that as the light and aesthetic industries enter a period of booming growth, companies are expected to benefit from a strategic layout centred on non-surgery medicine, which will continue to contribute to the growth of performance and become an important engine of growth for the company.
• Risk collection has gradually been cleared, reducing the amount of sugar-advantaged and innovative products released rapidly. Since 2018, the national drug collection and health-care negotiations have continued to deepen and have been influenced by the loss of Acapose sugar and a 100% cap price reduction of the traditional dominant varieties, and the performance of the central subsidiary of the industrial plate, China and East China, declined in 2021.
In 2022, the company’s pharmaceutical industry collected $11,666 million, an increase of 10.90 per cent in comparison with the previous year, with a recovery in performance.
The company became the first company in the country to submit two applications for the registration and successful approval of Lilalu bio-like drugs. At the same time, the company went deep into the glp-1 oral preparations, as well as the two- and multiple-target directions, including ttp273,
Core products such as hdm1002 are pre-positioned for future diabetic and regressive markets. We believe that, as the risks associated with the collection of large varieties of the corporate industrial plate are gradually cleared up, the company has accelerated the implementation of comprehensive and innovative layouts in core areas such as diabetes, building on the company's traditional sugar-reduced advantage channel, the industrial plate.
It is expected to return to the fast-growing lane.