22/04/2021 q1 steady growth and continued improvement in cash flow
The company published its 2020 report and its 2021 quarterly report. In 2020, its operating income amounted to $6,724 million, with a narrow annual deficit of $393 million. q1 operating income.
One hundred and ninety-two million yuan, an increase of 77.09 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of 48 million yuan, an increase of 42.49 per cent in the same year.By 2020, impairments affected performance and improved operating cash flows for two consecutive quarters.The company ' s operating income of 2020q4 was 2,647 million yuan, the highest increase of 1474.16 per cent in the same year.
Loss of $135 million. In terms of cash flows, net cash flows from corporate entrepreneurial activities amount to $1,491 million and $111 million for 2020q4 and 2021q1, respectively, compared to previous quarters, with a broad client structure and business structure and public empowerment that will continue to manifest itself.
The company's clients are Jiang Huai, Chiri, Air General Mitsubishi, Jili Commercial, Chang An, Upon Chase, North Gas New Energy, Tata, Tata Group, ebusco, and so on. At the same time, Zhang cross-cuttingly entered the light electric vehicle market and set up a strategic partnership with the mobile platform Drilling.
The company is actively setting up the power storage area for battery ladder applications. There is now a consensus for collaboration in the storage area with such enterprises as Huan, the Chinese Towers, the national electricity grid, and the Chinese Power Source.
As a result of the approval of the CVM, it has been possible to work together to improve management at the operational level, improve the efficiency of the market, and increase the volume of sales. Catl has been given a good governance structure with modern fixed points (2021-2-7).
The company's power battery load is about 3.27gwh, the local municipality.
The share is about 5.2 per cent, and the fifth in the country, with a capacity of about 2.9 gwh of lithium phosphate batteries, which is around the Adi battery outlet, with a significant advance in lithium electric material of 2021.0.01, 12.06 per cent of the total number of lithium phosphate batteries on the domestic market, and the third in the country.
The energy density of the company's lithium core monolith was over 210wh/kg, the system's energy density was accelerated, and attention was paid to the lithium battery industry chain 2021.01.25.
160wh/kg, developing innovative structural programs such as large cylinders, jtm, etc., constantly opening the ceiling for the application of phosphate lithium. The company’s industrial chain is well configured, with emphasis on cost containment.
The National Metallurgical Engineering Group collaborates in the development of pre-triple drive materials, and the current stage of 40,000 tons of high nickel pre-drive production has been completed. In addition, the diaphragms and bronze beams are colored separately.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.