Sealight Information (688041.sh) is a leading source of credit, a national product, cpu light, and on 13 August 2022, high ratings were given to the company for its long-term development, covering the first “buy-in” rating.
On the one hand, the company's outstanding performance and ecological advantages in the cpu area are expected to benefit fully from the development of industry innovations; on the other hand, the company's new introduction of gpu product, which is a leading producer of gpu compared to shoulder international performance, has a leading position in the extra-counting of cpu and gpu, covering the first “buy-in” rating.
• National production x 86cpu, with high performance growth, full of hand orders, the main products of the Sealight Information are the Sealight General Processor (cpu) and the Sea Light Association Processor (dcu). The Sea Lightcpu series products Sealight I and Ocean Light II are now commercialized and are widely used in telecommunications, gold
In the areas of melting, the Internet, education, and transport. Sealight 3 is in the validation phase, and Sealight 4 is in the research and development stage. Sealight dcu series has already produced a small volume of production, and Deep 2 is in the R & D section. According to the company ' s offer, in 2019-2021, the company achieved revenue of 3.79, 10.22, and 2.31 billion.
The luminous series of chips produces a good product, while the market is in demand and is well marketed. The strong performance and ecological advantages are expected to benefit from the growth of industry innovation markets at high speeds. In the area of industry innovation, the X86-structured sealight server has an ecological and high-performance advantage.
According to our data on the Internet, companies are winning large bills like the Bank of China, Shanghai Po-Fai Bank, Hing Bank, Zhang Jia Hong Kong Agricultural Development Bank, etc. Previously, in China's mobile server acquisition project for 2021-2022, the sealight server accounted for a difference in the share of domestic production servers.
Seventy-two per cent, 47.4 per cent and 47.4 per cent are sufficient to demonstrate the competitiveness of firms in the area of industrial innovation.
Sealight Information was established on 24 October 2014 to develop, design and sell high-end processors in computing and storage equipment for appliance servers, workstations, etc. The company ' s products include the Sealight General Processor (cpu) and the Sealight Association Processor (dcu).
Commercial applications are now being used for telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, and transport. Sealight 3 is being certified as a laboratory and Sealight 4 is in the research and development phase; Sealight dcu series products have been fully commercialized and Deep Count 2 is in the research and development phase.
China is the first shareholder of Hae-gwang information, with 27.98% of the share in the market.
The company does not seek to acquire or compete for control of the company for 36 months, and the company has no controlling shareholders and no real controlling person.
By the end of 2021, the number of company technicians was 1,031, or 90.2% of the total workforce; the number of company employees with full education was 786, or 6.99% of the total workforce.
The employees hold an interest in the Blue Sea Partnership through the financing of a total of 19 limited partnerships, such as the Green Energy Partnership of Quanshan, the Hue Sea Boat Partnership, the Cloud Sea Partnership, the Bei Sea Boat Partnership, the Barking Sea Partnership, the Sea I to Sea XII, the Micro Sea I and the Micro Sea II.
The ipo project is expected to further strengthen the company’s market position in the areas of cpu and gpgpu.
The new generation of sealight generic processors and sealight protocol processors will be used on a large scale in areas such as big data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, as well as in key industries such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, transport, etc., to promote the application of high-end processors in our country.
Product development makes forward-looking pre-research and capital reserves, optimizes capital structures and improves risk-resistant capabilities.2 The domestic chip industry is rising, and national production substitution is becoming imperative, and our integrated circuit industry is growing at a much faster scale than global growth.
Organization (wsts) data show a rapid growth trend in the global integrated circuit industry between 2013 and 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 9.33 per cent for industry; in 2019, as a result of frictions in international trade, the global integrated circuit industry received $330.4 billion, a decrease of 15.99 per cent compared to 2018; and in 2020, due to increased trade.
The global market for integrated circuits was $361.2 billion in 2020, an increase of 9.32 per cent over 2019, and the market is back on track. According to the Chinese semiconductor association, the industry continues to be high.
Rapid growth, with a market-size complex growth rate of nearly three times that of the world. In 2021, China’s integrated circuit industry sold 10,45.83 billion yuan, an increase of 18.2 per cent over the same period.
Figure 5: Rapid growth in China ' s integrated circuits market from 2013 to 2021. The size of our chip design industry has risen year by year, but there is still a large gap with developed countries. In 2020, our integrated circuit design industry looked at three types of industry: chip design, chip manufacturing, and containment testing.
Sales revenues of $377,840 million, an increase of 23.3 per cent over the same period, increased their share from 32.2 per cent in 2013 to 9 per cent in the area of fablessic, a market share of 4 per cent in the overall area of ic, and sales of more logical integrated circuits in countries such as the United States were the first in China. Integrated circuits can be divided into simulations.
Circuits, digital circuits, of which digital circuits can be divided into logical circuits, microprocessors, and storage units, while logical circuits include asic, fpga, cpu, gpu, etc. According to icinsights, logical circuits accounted for 26% of China ' s integrated circuit market in 2020 and are expected to remain China ' s largest integrated circuit by 2025.
In the product area, a robust and compound annual growth rate of 10.5 per cent will be maintained during the forecast period. Figure 8: Integrated circuits can be divided into analogue circuits, digital circuits, Figure 9: Logic circuits accounted for 26 per cent of China ' s integrated circuit market in 2020
2.1. x86 is a globally mainstream cpu architecture with strong ecological excellence, which, according to the set of instructions used, can be divided into two main categories: complex command set (cisc) and streamlined command set (risc). Complex command set structure and streamlined command set structure are designed on two different command set lines.
The two structures have different characteristics: complex command set commands are rich, location-based and flexible, with micro-procedures The controller is at the core, the command length is variable, the function is strong, and the implementation of complex procedures is efficient; streamlined command set instructions are simple and easily designed, with a high performance efficiency ratio.
The global market for architecture 86, cpu, is dominated by Intel and amd. Currently, the global market for cpu is led by Intel, but according to a report released by the research agency Mercuryresearch, q4 amd was set up in 2021.
The share of one market X86 has reached 25.6 per cent, refreshing the record of 25.3 per cent created 15 years ago (2006), while the share of amd in the server market has increased for 11 consecutive quarters and is currently 10.7 per cent in that market.
Figure 10: Global X86 architecture cpu market is dominated by Intel and md. 11:amd ' s rapid increase in market share in x86cpu Intel: the global well-deserved cpu leader
Intel is a well-deserved global cpu leader whose processors are powerful enough to support data centre infrastructure ranging from cloud computing, memory analysis to high-performance computing, artificial intelligence, etc. Between the next generation and the powerful. Intelsapphrepids use intel7 processes, golden
Cove architecture, but it has the highest core of 56. The new cpu design power is divided into four levels: platinum 300-350w, gold 270-300w, silver 205-250w, copper 150-185w.
At the end of year, the maximum product of 96c/192tgenoa and the maximum of 128c/256t of the bergamo product line are to be released. The genoa processor is a 5nm process using the zen4 architecture plus a grid, and bergamo will use a slightly different zen4c core, which will provide a wider power performance window for the enterprise.
Figure 14: Upcoming release of genoa and bergamo products in 2022
The Chinese server market continues to be dominated by x86 architecture servers, with an increasing share of arm architecture servers. In 2021, Chinese x86 servers delivered 3.82 million units, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the same period.
Figure 16: China ' s rapid growth in the volume of goods delivered by servers x 86: The ratio of servers in the arm structure in the Chinese server market shows a market of approximately 52.36 billion yuan in China ' s X86cpu chips in 2020 and is expected to reach 80 billion yuan by 2025.
According to idc statistics, China ' s x86 servers are dominated by two-way servers, with a total ratio of over 80 per cent from 2016 to 2020, followed by single-way and four-way servers, with a total ratio of between 10 and 20 per cent, and fewer servers above 8 with a ratio of no more than 0.3 per cent. According to China ' s x86 server market
The distribution of shipments and routes is calculated and China’s X86cpu chips in 2020 was 6.981 million. The distribution of pseudo 2021 to 2025 is consistent with 2020, with the projected increase in chips in 2021 at an average price of around $7,000, and the sales of the 7000 Sealight series in 2020 to 2021 at an average price of about $8,000.
On this basis, we assume that the unit price of X86cpu is approximately RMB 7,500 per piece, with domestic X86cpu chips expected to be 52.36 billion yuan in 2020 and 80 billion yuan by 2025.
Figure 19: China’s server chip is expected to reach 10.662 million in 2025.
The processor uses a 7nm manufacturing process, based on the authorization of the arm structure, and is designed autonomously by China for the company. A series of microstructure designs, such as optimizing branch forecast algorithms, upgrading the number of operation units, changing into memory subsystems, and significantly improving processor performance.
Specialbenchmark scores over 930, 25% above the industry pole. At the same time, energy efficiency is 30% superior to the industry pole.
Flying information is dedicated to the design and implementation of high-performance, low-power, generic computing microprocessors in the Flying Series. The products include, inter alia, high-performance servers cpu (Flying Clouds series), high-efficiency desktops cpu (Flying Deep d series), high-end embedded cpu (Flying totem e series) and the four main systems of the Flying Suite.
In 2021, more than 2 million flycpu products were sold, widely used in the areas of information infrastructure, integration infrastructure, and innovation infrastructure, leading the market for government communications.
Flying the latest high-performance server cpu-s2500 processor chip integrated into 64 autonomously developed armv8 command integration processor, ftc663, using a parallel system (psoc) structure. Of the existing armv8 command compatibility products, s2500 is in single core computing capacity, single chip parallelity, single core
In 2020, the core was based on 20 years.
The cpu development and ecoaccumulation has introduced the Loongarch, which includes extension of the basic structure division and vector commands, virtualization, binary translation, etc., nearly 2,000 instructions. The cores developed in the core include core 1, core 2, core 3, three series of processor chips and bridge chips.
Dragon core series 1 is a low-power, low-cost specialized embedded soc or mcu processor, Dragonheart series 2 is a low-power general processor, Dragonheart series 3 is a high-performance generic processor, application is oriented towards desktops and services 2.3, and the gpgpu market is growing rapidly as the ai and the extrapolation progresses.
With the gradual emergence of gpu's performance advantages in parallel calculations and the gradual expansion of its range of applications in parallel, gpu gradually splits into two branches, a traditional gpu, which continues to be dedicated to graphic drawings, like processing uses, built into video decoding acceleration engines, 2d acceleration engines, 3d acceleration engines, image rendering.
The other branch is gpgpu, which is used as a modem processor and which, in response to the needs of different fields of application, has added a dedicated vector, stencil, matrix operating instructions, and has enhanced the accuracy and performance of float-point calculations to meet the needs of different scenarios.
With the development of technologies such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and so on, the speed with which global data centres and super-data centres are being built is accelerating, the computation and processing of big data will be a new dynamic that will drive the development of the integrated circuit industry.
The construction of cloud data centres and super-data centres worldwide has been accelerating, with Cisco globalcloudindex estimating that by 2021 there will be 628 super-data centres with greater computing capacity.
Figure 22: Global data centre loads continue to increase from 2016 to 2021, and figure 23: Global superdata centre numbers increase at a high rate from 2016 to 2021
The application of artificial intelligence is currently at a rapid stage of technological and demand convergence, with the acceleration of calculations leading to a gpgpu solution. According to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the market will reach 78.5 billion yuan in the coming year.
Diversity, the advantages of good gpgpu interoperability and improved software ecosystems will be further demonstrated as mainstream solutions in this area. nvidia: representative enterprises in gpgpu
As a representative enterprise in the field of gpgpu, Nvidia data centre operating income was only $340 million in 2015, with a high rate of growth of $10.613 billion in 2021, with an average annual compound growth rate of 77.44 per cent. nvidia data centre products include dgx for the ai, and egx Pyre for marginal calculations.
Station, for a super-counted hgx platform, for data processing dpu, simplified depth learning, machine learning, high performance ngc catalogue. On 22 March 2022, Nvidia released the next high performance calculation (hpc) and data centre.
The Hopper structure, with the first acceleration card carrying a new generation of chips, is named H100. H100 is built using a 5nm custom version (4n) of a battery, with a single chip containing 80 billion transistors, and is also the first pci-e5 and hbm3 card in the world.
md: The structure is constantly iterative, with outstanding performance advantages, gpu, whose integration gpu is used mainly in ryzenapu, embedded, semi-custody platforms, and independent gpu is divided into Radeon and Intinct series, mainly for games, professional visuals, servers, etc.
The data centre gpu operations consist of the Radeoninstinct accelerator series, customer-centred data centre solutions and rocm. Rocm supports major machine learning frameworks such as tensorflow and pytorch to help users accelerate the load of artificial intelligence work.
The amdinstinctmi 200 series of accelerators, the most recently launched data centre at md, gpu, has helped mainstream servers and supercomputers, including billions of class super-counting systems, to accelerate the discovery that allows scientists to respond easily to the most pressing challenges, from climate change to vaccine research.
3. Sealight and Eco-Efficiencies are expected to lead by industry 3.1, Sealight cpu and Eco-Efficiencies, leading in the area of industry confidence-building. From an iterative perspective of sealight cpu products, companies are committed to “sale generation, authenticate generation, develop one”.
In June 2022, Sealight launched the new generation of high-end generic processors, Sealight III, which continues its core structure of 86-64 pieces, with a maximum specification of 32 core 64 lines, with up to 128 pcie 4.0 channels, supporting the increase in memory frequency to 3200 mhz, in line with internationally mainstream products.
When. Compared to the previous generation of products, Sealight III has increased its overall physical performance by about 45%, and has been taken off from the domestic product of the same kind. From the perspective of the sealight cpu application, the company plans the sealight cpu product into the 7000 series, 5,000 series and 3,000 series of sealight. The three product series have the same technical design source, processor core, etc.
Sealight cpu with performance and ecological advantages. (1) Performance advantages: first generation, second generation cpu and first generation dcu products are performing at the same international level as mainstream high end processors of the same type and are in a leading position domestically. (2) Ecological advantages: Sealight cpu compatible X86 command set, processor performance parameters are internationally identical.
The type of mainstream processor products are comparable, supporting mainstream operating systems, databases, virtualized platforms or cloud computing platforms, both domestic and foreign, and effectively compatible with the millions of existing system and application software based on the x86 command set, with excellent ecosystem advantages.
Performance comparison with Intel: The company selected an intel series of 6 to platinum gold products released in 2020 (the same time as the 7285 sealight) (performance water level reflecting the mainstream cpu product released by Intel in 2020) and performance comparison with sealight 7285 (using an internationally used test program for industry speccpu2017)
In the case of China’s telecommunications industry, for example, it is published on the basis of China’s telecommunications.
2021-2022, of which 1,41799, a series (amd) 4800, g series (single or sealight or flying), or a total of 220,000. Domesticated servers accounted for 26.7 per cent of the total bid, with sealight servers accounting for the share of national production servers.
This compares to 72%. In China's first batch of pick-up and pick-up projects for the 2021-2022 pc server, 41.65% of the bids were for domestic service servers, of which 47.4% were for sealight servers in national production servers. 3.2. Sealight dcu compatible with the generic “cuda” environment.
The same type of high-end product level is a type of gpgpu, compatible with the generic "cuda" environment. Cuda is a common parallel computing structure introduced by nvidia and contains a set of instructions for nvidiagpu.
(isa) and a parallel computing engine inside gpu. The sea light dcu co-processor is fully compatible with the rocmgpu calculation. Ecology is considered, because of the high ecological and programming environment similarities between rocm and cuda, cuda users can move quickly to the rocm platform at a lower cost, so rocm is also referred to as a class.
Cuda.” Figure 30: Cuda is a common parallel calculation introduced by nvidia. Figure 31: Rocm and cuda have ecological, programming environments, etc.
The composition of the sea light dcu is similar to that of cpu and its structure is relatively simple to cpu, but the number of computing units is larger. The main functional modules of the sea light dcu include the calculation module (cu), the film network, the high-speed cache, and figures 32: the main functional modules of sea light dcu include the calculation module (cu), the video network, the high-speed cache, each
Compared to high-end gpu products (model a100) and high-end gpu products (model mi100) from international leading gpu producers, companies well calculated to reach the same type internationally
Level of high-end products.4 High-performance growth, abundance of hand orders, high-speed development of sealight information since 2017, first profitable in 2021.
The rapid growth in the size of information revenues and the relatively rapid growth in the size of the company ' s operations have been accompanied by a gradual decline in the share of operating expenses and other periods in operating income, with the company achieving a reversal of overall performance in 2021 with a net profit of $327 million.
According to the company offer statement, the first half of 2022 generated business income of $2.53 billion, an increase of 34.275 per cent in the same year; the net profit of return to the mother was $476 million, a gain of the same amount. The rapid growth in corporate income in January-September 2022 was mainly due to the increase in sales of the company ' s product series and an increase in unit prices (1).
Sales volume: Thanks to the wide recognition of the products of the sealight high-end processors in the domestic industry, there has been a rapid increase in product sales by well-known domestic server producers, such as wavers, condescensions, Xinhua San, co-owners. (2) Sales unit price: company sales unit prices have been increased mainly through the introduction of new product lines.
At the beginning of the market, prices were higher, and the average unit price as a whole declined after the products were listed. From 2020, the company ' s 7200 series of products were listed, with the initial price higher. From 2021, the price of the product sheet declined as the market changed. The overall trend in the company ' s 5000 series and 3,000 series of products was similar to that of the 7,000 series.
The company has a large number of orders. The main customers of Sealight Information have been successful in a number of major industrial projects, including China Mobile, China Telecommunications, China Connected Servers, etc.; China Business Bank, China Bank, China Agricultural Bank Server Procurement: Tweets, ants Gold Clothes Purchase Project: Data Centre Construction Project such as Shanxi University, etc.
On 31st, the sea light information was ordered at $2.107 billion, and the company’s products were sold in key sectors such as telecommunications and finance. In 2020, 2021, the Department launched the Sealight 2 processor, the Deep Count 1 doc, which enriched the product lines and increased market openings.
Based on the testing and recognition of corporate products in the previous telecommunication, gold, Internet, etc., the market share has grown faster in the collection of telecommunications operators, the financial sector, etc., and the sales of corporate products in the relevant priority sectors have gradually increased.
Company sales of sea light cpu products include 7,000 series, 5,000 series and 3,000 series. Company sales of cpu products are dominated by 7,000 series products, 5,000 series cpu products represent a relatively stable share of sales income, and sales grew rapidly in 2020 as a result of increased market demand and stabilized in 2021; 3,000 series of cpu products
The share of sales income was relatively stable, with market demand for home-grown workstations increasing significantly in 2021 as the domestic demand environment changed, with sales revenue rising by 5.91 percentage points in 2021 compared to 2020.
This has led to a decline in self-researching of the amortization of intangibles as a percentage of operating income. (2) The contribution of the products of Māori's higher sealight 2 series to sales income has been increasing. We believe that, as the scale effect has emerged, the cost rate for future periods has declined year by year, mainly because companies have increased their operating income, but companies have stepped up their research and development efforts.
The cost of R & D has increased considerably, and the costs of sales and administration have increased accordingly as the size of the company ' s business has grown, but are lower than the growth in operating income.
(2) gpgpu market is still growing rapidly, with companies achieving small bulk production in 2021, 2022-cost end: it is expected that market and R & D inputs will continue to grow rapidly, and we expect companies to have M & A rates: M & A rates are expected to rise steadily with the effects of scale.
On the one hand, the company’s strong performance and ecological advantages in the cpu field are expected to fully benefit from the industry’s credit creation; on the other hand, the company’s new gpu product performance is expected to be a leading producer of gpu compared to shoulder-to-back international, and is expected to be widely applied in the area of super-counting and human intelligence, leading to high-speed growth. Therefore, we predict that the company will grow in 2022-2024.
The lead in cpu and gpu, which for the first time covers the “buy-in” rating. Companies face greater business performance where business risks arise and companies fail to reach more high-quality clients in a timely manner (2) they are unable to continue using authorized or core technologies to accumulate insufficient risks.
With the technical authorization of high-end processors and related technical support, companies are unable to access production due to other external factors, such as significant changes in the international political and economic environment, further restrictions imposed on the public administration by the relevant United States Government departments, which have prevented them from continuing to use the above-mentioned authorized technology, or inadequate corporate ownership of the core technology of high-end processors design.
The rapid replacement of goods will have a significant negative impact on the company’s production and operations. (3) Market competition risks.
The imposition, timely compensation of competitive disadvantages, the competitive position of firms, market shares and operational performance will be adversely affected.