National microprocessor industry leads the national microprocessor industry, with cpu and dcu being two-wheel-drive. The company’s main products are the Sealight General Processor (cpu) and the Sea Light Association Processor (dcu), currently, the Sealight cpu series.
The product sealight I, sealight II and sealight III have been commercialized, and Sealight IV is in the R & D section; Sealight dcu series product 1 has been commercialized and Deep Count 2 is in the R & D stage s098019030002
The company is currently home to a small number of countries with high-end generic processors and co-processor R & D capabilities. Huanghaojun@guosen.com.cn harvests have been growing at a high rate, with a reversal of losses over 21 years.
Business income keeps growing at a high rate. As the scale of corporate sales expands and the scale effects continue to manifest itself, the demand for arithmetic continues to grow, and the processor’s national production replaces the sea of stars. The company’s processor products are mainly used in settings such as servers, workstations, and data centres, and the product’s performance is now more dominant than in other countries.
With the rapid development of artificial intelligence and commercial computing, high-calculation demands are emerging, with a strong demand to replace the home-grown processor, the company ' s cpu and dcu products being absorbed from digestion to autonomous innovation, and dedicated to building a national hardware and software ecological chain.
Emd signed a technology authorization licence agreement, from the initial design development based on the source code authorized by the md, to the absorption of relevant technologies, to the progressive realization of autonomous R & D, with a strong technological advantage for the company. The product of the division has been highly recognized by domestic users, has been endorsed by various domestic oem manufacturers, and is now wide-ranging.
In addition, the company conducts industrial eco-building based on sealight cpu and dcu, leads the establishment of the Photocoal Organization, brings together upstream and downstream enterprises in the industrial chain, and creates a complete national hardware and software innovation chain and industrial chain.
Leads in the domestic microprocessor industry are very growing, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating. Risks; risk of inadequate accumulation of authorized or core technologies that cannot continue to be used; higher risk of associated transactions: risk of higher client concentration.
Company profile: Sealight Information is the guide to the national microprocessor industry History: Obtained X86 architecture, leading the national microprocessor industry, Sealight Information is the leader of the national microprocessor industry, with the main product including the sealight general processor (cpu)
The company’s main business is to develop, design and sell high-end processors for use in computing and storage equipment such as servers, workshops, etc. The company’s products include the Sealight General Processor (cpu) and the Sealight Processor (dcu), which are compatible with the market’s mainstream X86 command set and reach international first-class levels of sea light.
The commercialization of the Cpu series of products, Sealight I, Sealight II and Sealight III has been achieved, and Sealight IV is in the R & D stage: Sealight dcu series products have been fully commercialized, and Deep Count 2 is in the development phase. The company uses the Fables business model, with an international-class high-end processor research and development environment.
The process, which has become part of a limited number of current domestic research and development capabilities for high-end generic processors and co-processors, is based on a product research and development strategy of “sale generation, validate generation, develop generation” and the research and development processor (cpu) and co-processor (dcu) is as follows:
(1) Sealight I: In March 2016, based on the technology authorized by the md, the company launched the sealight I cpu product scheme; in April 2018, the sealight I achieved volume production; (2) Sealight II: in July 2017, the company optimized the core microstructure on the basis of the sealight I,
Upgraded core performance and safe applications of processors, product development for the second generation of the Cpu RD-2 Launch: January 2020, mass production achieved by the RD-2: (3) Sealight III: February 2018, company on the basis of the RD II cpu, networked on core and film
The structure was designed to optimize, based on the new process node, and research and development was initiated for the third generation of cpu products, Sealight III, in March 2022, to achieve mass production; (4) Sealight IV: In July 2019, the company initiated research and development for the fourth generation of cpu products, Sealight IV.
(v) Sealight dcu series: in October 2018, the company launched the design of the Dcu 1 product, the product 1 product has been commercialized, and in January 2020, the company launched the second generation of the dcu 2 product
Business analysis: Deep-farming high-end processors, achieving cpu and dcu double-wheel drive company high-end processors are divided into sealight cpu and sealight dcu series products. Different applications have different requirements for technical indicators of high-end processor computing performance, functionality, power consumption, etc.
The high-end processors of the company are therefore divided into sealight cpu and sealight dcu products depending on the field of application, technology route and product characteristics. The sealight cpu series is compatible with the 86 command set and the international mainstream operating system and application software.
Different, software and hardware are ecologically rich, secure and highly recognized by domestic users, and have been widely used in important industries or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, and transport. The Sealight dcu series is based on the gpgpu architecture and is compatible with the common “cuda” environment, as well as with mainstream international business computing software and artificial intelligence.
Software, software and other applications such as large-scale data processing, artificial intelligence, and commercial computing are widely used for naming sealight products using a combination of numbers and letters. For example, Sealight I is a first-generation cpu product, with specific product types including 31 xx, 51 xx and 71 xx series: Sealight II is a second-generation cpu product.
Type of body product includes 32 xx, 52 xx and 72 xx series. Financial analysis: high rate of growth in revenue collection, rising profitability, high rate of growth in revenue collection, surplus loss in 21 years.
In the context of the consolidation of goods, the combined growth rate of corporate revenue in the last three years has been 146.85%, higher public investment in research and development in the first half of 2022, and multiple equity incentives have confirmed the cost of larger equity payments, greater product interoperability, and a rapid increase in the share of telecommunications, finance, etc.
Already in the telecommunications, finance, Internet, education, transport, etc., the company’s dcu product is mainly oriented towards large-scale data processing, commercial computing, and computing-intensive applications, as well as artificial intelligence and general artificial intelligence applications. At present, the company’s share in the subsectors of telecommunications, finance, etc. is rising rapidly, with the telecommunications sector collecting in 2021.
By 2021, the company was mainly based on cpu products, while the collection structure was optimized with the start of the 8000 series in 2021, and within the cpu business, the early company was dominated by the 7,000 series of high-end products, accompanied by the 5000 series of middle-end products.
The company’s Māori rate has increased steadily over the last three years and its profitability has risen. The company’s Māori rate has continued to rise in 19-21, respectively: the company has been losing since 2021 and the net interest rate has been 2021.
Cost rates have declined steadily, and R & D inputs have remained high. As a result of the growing size of corporate collections, the effects have gradually been reflected, and the cost rates have continued to decline. In the first half of 2022, the company ' s sales cost was 1.41 per cent (same as +0.65 pct). In terms of R & D inputs, companies have focused on critical technology research and chip products for high-end processors.
In the first half of 2022, the company ' s R & D cost rate was 27.51 per cent, although the cost of R & D declined despite the rapid increase in the size of the collection, but the absolute amount of R & D expenditure continued to grow year by year.
The company currently has no real control, and the company’s second largest shareholder is the capital of Chengdu, with no controlling shareholders, no real controlling persons, and China’s share since January 2018, is currently the company’s largest shareholder, with 27.96% of the company’s shares, and the company’s second largest shareholder is the capital of Chengdu.
With limited investment and limited integration as co-actors, a total of 1700 per cent of the company's shares were held, and Houtang was created to act as a stock holding platform for the company's employees, then to transform its external investors, and the Blue Sea Boat partnership as a stock holding platform for the company's employees.
In October of that year, sealight microelectronics (49 per cent sealight information, 51 per cent amd), sealight integration (70 per cent sealight, 30 per cent amd) signed a Technology Permit Agreement with md, which agreed that md would give technology and software licences related to high-end processors to two joint ventures and pay a related fee to md.
Amid licensing high-end processor nuclear-related technologies and software to be used in the electrons of the sea and the peripherals of the high-end processor to be used in the integration of the sealight, which became the main operating entity of the joint venture between the two parties, the centre of the internal production costs of the electron positioning of the sealight.
Microelectronics are primarily responsible for the X86 processor nuclear development, processing processor manufacturing, sealing and testing, and for the integration of the main processor as a whole, as well as for the promotion and application of processor products. The main business of the company and amd is the integration of the sealight, which is the production centre for the integration of the sea light, and the product can only be sold.
The corporate management team is experienced and the core technical team has a deep background. Most of the corporate management teams have Chinese and Chinese science experience, and the president of the company, Menzhong-jung, is also a director and director of the Chinese Academy Capital Management Ltd.
Sha Superdges, the Army and Xu Wen-tae have served as vice-presidents, directors, directors of the China-China technology, and core technical teams with extensive work experience in the chip industry, and have served overseas leading companies like Intel and Amd. Industry analysis: the need for computing continues to grow, and the processor's national product is being replaced.
As the star of the world rises steadily, the message is "2+8+n" and the need for national production is strong, the message is "2+8+n" is growing steadily, the chip is at the heart of the whole industry, and the demand for national production is strong.
Industry (IT applications innovation industry), which consists mainly of basic hardware, basic software, applications, information security, and chips are at the heart of the whole industry. After the year-on-the-year concentration, the IT innovation industry moved towards the application landing phase in 2021, with key words such as “accommodative ecology”, “bid-in”, “product overlap” and so on.
The credit-for-business industry is doing well in the "2+8" industry. Among the eight key sectors, the financial sector is the first to hit, with the fastest pace of progress, followed by telecommunications, followed by energy, transport, aerospace, education, and health.
Figure 16: IT industry "2+8+n" development process cpu: Server demand has grown steadily and x86 remains the current mainstream cpu is the control core of computers, consisting mainly of control units, operation units and operation units.
The computer's core of computing and control is the final execution unit for information processing, program operation, and the core of the computer's core. The essence of cpu is a super-large integrated circuit that interprets computer commands and processes the data in computing software and is responsible for controlling and allocating all hardware and software resources to the computer.
Units, operations and operations units, control units take executable codes from storage units, convert them to executable commands by command translation, and then calculate units based on acquired instructions for storage units in figure 18: working schematics of cpu
cpu command set can be divided into two categories: complex command set (cisc) and streamlined command set (risc). Computer programs eventually need to be converted into "direction" to run on cpu, so the set of instructions used is particularly important for the design of cpu. Complex command set structure versus streamlined command set structure is based on two different sets of instructions.
Roads are designed with different characteristics: complex command set commands are rich, addressable flexible, microprocess controllers are at the core, command length is variable, command length is powerful, complex program implementation is efficient; streamlined command set command structures are simple, easy to design and have a higher performance efficiency ratio.
It's representative of a complex set of commands, and the arm, mips and alpha structures are the sub-decpuss of a streamlined set of instructions that can be used extensively in a variety of devices, with the sealight cpu being used mainly in settings such as servers and workstations. cpu can be used on servers, workstations, personal computers (desktops, laptops), mobile terminals.
The cpu product of the sea light is mainly used for computing and storage devices such as servers, workstations, etc. The server has high-speed data processing capabilities, powerful 1/0 data absorption.
The cpu chip is more demanding in terms of performance, reliability, scalability and maintenance. Server processors are therefore the most capable, complex and reliable processors for data processing. Server applications include real-time analysis, real-time analysis.
Global server markets are expected to return to rapid growth trends. According to idc data, in 2020, 12.13 million servers were sold as a result of a contraction in global Internet industry capital investment and a “new crown epidemic”
Sales of $91 billion, an increase of 3.26 per cent and 4.37 per cent, were below the previous average. But, with more economic and social activity moving from the bottom to the line, there is a higher demand for data storage and computing capacity, and future market demand for servers will return to rapid growth.
Figure 20: Global server output and acceleration (millions, %) x86 over 90% in the server market, which remains the absolute mainstream of the current market. Because of the early start of the x86 processor, the ecological environment has a clear advantage over other processors, applying the services of the x86 processor
The share of sales in total server sales is about 91%, and sales in excess of 97% are significant. According to idc data, the global market for X86 servers in 2020 was $82.65 billion, an annual increase of 1.82%.
Figure 23: Global sales of x86 servers, 2014-2020 (millions) Figure 24: Global sales of x86 servers, 2014-2020 (%)
The market for x86 servers grew by 8.1 per cent over the same period, with a market size of $21.87 billion, an increase of 16.5 per cent over the same period. As downstream market demand warms and the country will accelerate the construction of new infrastructure in seven major areas: 5g, industrial Internet, large numbers of data centres, artificial intelligence, etc., China ' s X86 server market is missing
Demand will remain strong in the coming years, with a combined growth rate of 8.8 per cent in 2021-2025, based on the distribution of Chinese x86 server markets, and of Chinese X86cpu chips in 2020, at 6.981 million. Assuming that the distribution of road numbers between 2021 and 2025 is consistent with 2020,
In 2025, the chip will reach 10.6622 million, and the X86cpu chip will continue to have a wide range of gpgpu in the country in the future: the high-calculus scenario is emerging, and the co-processor market is fast-emitting gpgpu is a co-processor that supports cpu in its non-figure-related computing work.
(general-purposegraphicsprocessingunit, gpgpu), also known as general gpu, which can be understood by popular gpgpu as a tool to support cpu, which can help cpu with the calculation of non-figure-related programs. gpu (graphicsprocessingunit) was originally designed to upgrade computers.
The processing performance of graphics, images, videos, etc. solves the problem of cpu's inefficiency in the graphic image field. As gpu's performance advantages in parallel calculations gradually emerge and the range of applications in parallel are gradually expanded, gpu gradually divides into two branches:
(1) gpu orientation: continuation of dedicated graphic image processing, with dedicated operation modules such as video decoding acceleration engines, 2d acceleration engines, 3d acceleration engines, image rendering, etc. built; (2) generic gpu orientation: gpgpu as operating coordination processor and increased demand for different applications
Special vectors, stretches, matrix operations instructions have been added to enhance the accuracy and performance of float-point calculations to satisfy the needs of different scenarios. gpgpu is the most important co-processor for artificial intelligence today and is now widely used in commercial calculations and large numbers
At present, gpgpu is used extensively for commercial computing and large-scale data processing, such as weather forecasting, industrial design, genetic engineering, drug discovery, financial engineering, etc. In the area of artificial intelligence, using gpgpu to run model training algorithms at cloud ends can significantly reduce the length of training in big-scale training data and reduce energy consumption from
At the same time, gpgpu can provide well-developed software eco-systems that facilitate the transplantation of existing applications and the development of new algorithms, so the global AI-related services solution is still dominated by gpgpu. Therefore, gpgpu is the leading co-organizer in the area of artificial intelligence.
With the rapid development of artificial intelligence, high-calculative demand has emerged. With artificial intelligence, data mining, and so on, there is a lot of room for market space.
New technologies, such as the computation and processing of big data, will be a new dynamic that will drive the integrated circuit industry. Large-scale computing, matrixing, is a prominent demand for artificial intelligence at the computing level, with extensive applications of high parallel learning algorithms in visual, speech and natural language processing leading to computing capabilities.
Demand is increasing exponentially. According to Cisco's projections, the global data centre load will exceed the tens of thousands of load tasks in 2021 as cloud computing continues, global cloud data centres and superdata centres are being built faster, and Cisco expects to reach a more computing superdata centre by 2021.
The data centre market has a strong demand for pan-Assumption microchips. The increasing availability and application of artificial intelligence algorithms, as well as the growing demand for commercial computing and large-scale data processing, have led to a global demand for arithmetic.
The demand for computing accelerated hardware is increasing. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the market will be 78.5 billion yuan in the coming year. And as artificial intelligence-related technology advances, the application landscape will become more diverse, and the advantages of good gpgpu commons and improved software ecosystems will be further demonstrated.
Gpgpu will also account for a large proportion of the city in the area of artificial intelligence chips in China. Figure 28: The size of the market for artificial intelligence chips in China (billion yuan) gpgpu’s future technological evolution. With gpgpu in large-scale data processing, artificial intelligence, business computing skills
The wide range of applications in the field shows the following trends. (1) The demand for high-calculation operations is growing: further upgrading of the process, increasing the core number of calculations, introduction of higher bandwidth on the tablets, increasing the bandwidth and capacity of the storage units, and continuous upgrading of the gpgpu product.
Yes; on the other hand, the high bandwidth, low-time interconnectivity bus structure is one of the directions of the future product optimization to meet the emerging demand for large amounts of data and multitask applications; (2) gpgpu will be mainstreamed into the operation protocol processor: there are multiple technical routes for the operation protocol processor, including:
gpgpu, asic, fpga, etc., taking into account factors such as performance, energy efficiency ratio and programming flexibility, gpgpu has a very clear advantage in co-processing applications; (3) cpu and gpgpu's isomeric calculations: cpu and gpgpu have different structural characteristics applicable to different applications
Scenes, combining the two to take full advantage of each other, cpu handles complex logical controls and calculates management, and gpgpu is used to accelerate large-scale parallel calculations. cpu+gpgpu ' s heterogenetic architecture allows the system to be more flexible, to meet the different demands of complex scenarios, and to be able to do more.
A significant increase in the efficiency of the task execution using cpu or gpgpu separately. In addition, data interactions between cpu and gpgpu can be made through memory sharing, which allows for the advantage of isomer calculations. Core advantages: cpu and dcu are driven by two-wheel drives to capture national production.
Opportunities in the Wave Age (1): Absorption to autonomous R & D, with significant technological advantages, Sealight adopts a "Step Run" strategy, from absorption to progressive realization of autonomous R & D.
In line with the “Small Walking” strategy, proven technological innovations are gradually integrated into the sealight cpu, which constantly enriches the function of the sea light cpu. Companies design and develop their own technology from the initial source code based on the authorization of the md to absorb and absorb the relevant technology to a step-by-step autonomous R & D process, which can be divided into four stages:
(1) Authorized: Sealight signed a technical authorization licence agreement in 2016 at md, authorizing a total of seven patents for the core and soc source codes of its state-of-the-art processor, and a total of 12 patents for peripheral technologies for the integration of sealight:
(2) Achieve a closed ring: The company's "Sealight One" cpu7185 is based mainly on the source code delivered by md. The overall performance is no different from the "mdepyc7551" of the first generation of md based on the authorized technology. Through the research and development of "Sealight One" cpu, the company established a 14nm process high performance cpu
(iii) Absorption: in June 2019, after the company had entered the list of entities, amd no longer provided the relevant technical clothing.
It is important that the company achieves the iterative development of its own follow-up products and technologies, and that it succeeds in developing the Sealight II, which has made more autonomous innovations in the microsystem structure, using dedicated hardware circuits to achieve national secrets algorithms that have significantly enhanced the performance of safe handling applications; and that it has increased hardware encryption to support credible calculations.
Safety of cloud computing environment. (4) Autonomous R & D: Currently, the company has independently developed and completed the simulation of the Sealight 2 and Sealight 3 products, and has taken a number of core techniques for high-end processor design.
The cpu product of the company, which has reached the international level of the same type of mainstream high-end processor, is in the lead domestically. Sealight has taken the lead in completing a successful stream of high-end generic processor and co-processor products in the country, and
Commercialization applications have been achieved. The company’s product performance is at the international level of the same type of mainstream high-end processor, and it is at the forefront of the country. In addition to the Sealight cpu, the major foreign cpu manufacturers are intel, amd, and the country’s cpu manufacturers are in Heith, dragon core, megachip, fly-toe, and Shinwe.
The measured performance of the dominant processor products released during the same period by the international lead chip design firm Intel in Sealight 7285 cpu series is generally comparable to that of the mainstream processor products.
The high-end gpu product (model a100) and the high-end gpu product (model mi100) of the md company are compared with the sea-based bathymetric one and the international leading gpu producer.
Sealight dcu will be used extensively in the future in areas such as big data architecture, artificial intelligence, and commercial computing. Ocean light dcu has the advantages of strong computing, high-speed parallel data processing, and good software ecology.
Strong computing capacity: Sealight dcu is designed on the basis of large-scale parallel calculations of microstructures, with not only strong double-precision float-point computing capabilities, but also equally excellent in single, semi-precision, orthopaedic calculations, a generic co-processor with strong computing performance and more energy efficiency;
High-bandwidth memory chip on a sealight dcu integration film that can provide excellent data-processing capabilities in large-scale \triangleright data calculations so that sealight dcu can be applied to a wide range of responses
Good software ecology: The \triangleright solves the ecological compatibility of software in product extension by using the gpgpu structure of the sealight dcu, which is compatible with the "cuda" environment.
This has accelerated the diffusion of company products and made them compatible with the mainstream development platform of gpgpu.
The processors, hardware equipment, and software systems are based on or compatible with the X86 command set. In collaboration with the md, the company acquired core X86 processor design technology, entered the field of X86 processor design and developed a national production X86 processor product with three main features: “ecological, performance, and safety” for Chinese users.
Sealight cpu has excellent product performance, good system compatibility and high system safety.
Soc structures and film networks, with sealight cpu integrated into the core of more processors; advanced process, process and physical design techniques were used to achieve processor high-frequency design, resulting in excellent sealight cpu products; good system compatibility: sealight cpu is compatible with national and international mainstream operating systems, databases, intermediates
Basic software such as \triangleright and a wide range of industry applications;
Fast circuits, for example, have effectively enhanced data security and the safety of the computing environment, and raw support for credible sealight cpu series performances have been excellent, rich in ecology in software and hardware, secure and highly recognized by domestic users, and have been widely applied in important industries or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education and transport.
Since 2018, the products of a number of well-known domestic servers, such as Xinhua, Xinhua, co-owners, Chinese and Chinese, have been loaded with sealight cpu chips, building a well-developed ecological chain of domestic hardware and software based on sealight cpu and dcu.
Industrial eco-building has resulted in a complete innovation and industrial chain of “chips design and manufacture of a software-based application suit for an entire machine system”, leading the establishment of the Halo Organization (OECI), which surrounds the national production general computing platform and brings together downstream and upstream enterprises, universities, scientific institutes, industrial enterprises, etc.
(b) To turn off the forces of innovation, achieve synergy of technologies, build safe, useful, open products and solutions, and carry out a series of testing certification, technical training, incubation of programmes, demonstration of applications, promotion of exchanges, etc., to promote co-development among the members of cooperative organizations, building inclusive and prosperous information technology ecosystems.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: (i) cpu products: 7000 series: cpu national production replaces fast in the context of a robust growth of the domestic product x 86 server market
Rapidly, the company, as the lead company for the national product x 86 server cpu, is expected to drive the 7,000 series, fast-disbursing, and we expect the company ' s 7,000 series to grow fast in 22-24 years. The next three are expected to rise from the 7100 series, accompanied by an increase in the 7200 series collection ratio, leading to a slight increase in the Māori ratio of the product.
5000 series: Under the catalyst of downstream demand, such as industry innovation, the company’s middle-end product line, 5000 series 3000 series: with the company’s 3,000 series of products constantly being updated, product performance and product pricing are expected to continue to improve, driving the company’s 3,000 series to continue to grow, and we expect the company to grow for 22-24 years.
(ii) dcu products: 8000 series: with the rapid increase in the demand for high numeracy in artificial intelligence and big data, the dcu market space is expected to expand continuously and will lead to the rapid release of the company ' s 8,000 series of products in the dcu business, which we anticipate.
It is expected that the price of the product will increase further, leading to a stable Māori rate for the company over the next three years, and that this will be accompanied by a gradual increase in the size of the company's revenue collection, the effects of which will continue to be reflected, the management and sales costs of the industry, based on R & D, which is expected to remain high, and the company is expected to maintain a high R & D rate in the next three years.
The annual R & D cost rate has been maintained at 29%, and with the above results as a neutral projection, we conduct a profit scenario analysis, optimistically predicting an upturn in revenue, sealight information is the leader of the national microprocessor industry, and the main business is R & D, design and marketing applications for clothing.
Calculators, workstations, etc., high-end processors in storage equipment, including sealight generic processors (cpu) and sea light association processors (dcu). Taking into account the company’s business characteristics, we use relative valuation methods to estimate that the company’s sea light information belongs to the type of ic design enterprise with the fabless, and the main business is the high-end processor chip design industry.
In the context of the surge in artificial intelligence demand for arithmetic, the process of national production substitution in the field of high-end processors has just begun, and the track is now fast-paced, with an average of 1.19 pegs in 2023 compared to the company's national-produced high-end processor chip design.
It is the absolute leader in the domestic X86 server chip design, giving companies 1.2-1.4 pegs in 2023, corresponding to an excellent growth, first-time coverage, and a “buy-in” rating as a leader in the national microprocessor industry. It is based on relevant assumptions, in particular the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies.
Many individual judgements, which in turn lead to the risk of a deviation in the valuation, specifically, we have selected comparative valuation indicators for enterprises that are the same or similar to the Department ' s business, compared with the average of the comparable company pegs in 2023 as a reference for the relative valuation, taking into account the company ' s vanity and growth, giving a certain margin of appreciation.
We expect that the company will be on the market next year for a new generation of the Cpu product, RD XIV, with the risk of overestimating the performance of the next three years if R & D is not as fast as expected.
1. Risk of fluctuations in performance. The company has been in existence for a relatively short period of time, with its current sales and commercialization applications for Sealight I, Sealight II, Deep Count I. Multiple products are still in the research and development phase in the event of changes in national industrial policy, changes in the international political and economic environment, shortages in the supply of raw materials such as crystals or base plates, stress in the production of upstream plants,
The failure of firms to produce and supply as planned, the failure of existing firms to sustain their more competitive production, the unanticipated opening of their markets, the high volatility of market demand and the failure of R & D inputs to generate product revenues in a timely manner will have a negative impact on their operations and risk future fluctuations in performance.
On 24 June 2019, the Department of Industry and Security of the United States Department of Commerce included companies in the United States Export Control Regulations' list of entities.
The company’s main suppliers are crystal-crystal manufacturing plants, eda manufacturers, ip manufacturers, etc., because of the level of specialization in integrated circuits and the high technical threshold, the scarcity and proprietary nature of products or services provided by some suppliers, and the additional costs of replacing new suppliers by companies.
Some of the eda vendors have completed renewals, and if the existing eda manufacturer’s product authorization expires, the company is unable to continue using the eda product, the company will have additional costs of replacing the new eda supplier. Moreover, increased friction in the US-China trade and related areas may further affect the company’s ability to produce the crystal circle, the eda manufacturer, the ip vendor and the company.
Product production or service support has a significant negative impact on the company’s future progress in research and development of new products, product process upgrading, supply chain barriers, etc.3 The risk of inadequate accumulation of authorized or core technologies that cannot continue to be used.
The technical authorization and related technical support of the device, after the company had been included in the United States Export Control Regulations “entity list” and the company no longer provided the relevant technical services, and the company had achieved a succession of follow-up products and technologies on its own. At present, the company has complied with the relevant provisions of the Licensing Agreement and there have been no restrictions on the company's continued use of the amd.
In the future, companies do not have access to the authorized high-end processor-related technology if there are other external reasons, such as significant changes in the international political and economic environment, further restrictions on the company by the relevant U.S. government departments, which prevent the company from continuing to use the above-mentioned authorized technology, or the company’s inadequate mastery of the core technology of the high-end processor design.
The rapid replacement of products by the law would have a significant negative impact on the company’s production operations.4 Associated transactions represent a relatively high risk. Associated sales currently account for a relatively high share of the company’s revenue, and if the company fails to reach out to other customers quickly, or if the company changes its suppliers at a higher cost, it would run its business and produce.
Clients are exposed to business risks and companies fail to reach out to more high-quality clients in a timely manner. Authors ensure that the data used in reporting are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author