Sealight Information (688041) Computer, supply and demand, same frequency resonance, national production high end processor fly-off, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Recommended logic: 1): Large-scale purchases are opened in key sectors such as finance, telecommunications, company cpu's winning share in domestic servers is close to 50 per cent, and the build-up of the “East and West” and new artificial intelligence infrastructure is added, with a continued increase in volume and market share expected. 2) Price side: coupled with better performance sealight 3 and depth
The company's 7,000-series cpu unit price is expected to go over $9,000, the 8,000-series dcu unit price is expected to go over $20,000, and subsequent products are expected to continue to rise from generation to generation. 3) High performance + high.
The location of the project further strengthened the company’s research and development capabilities, with clear product rollout plans expected to lead to high-quality growth in the medium to long term.
Line layout, which is widely used in low-end servers, ai computing, etc., in upper secondary schools. 1) cpu side: companies are authorized to acquire scarce domestic x86, start autonomous research and development after the absorption of pre-existing technologies, sexual performance indicators are close to the intergenerational products of the international giants, eco-diversion costs are low, and the three current product lines are already in place.
As a result, a special catalogue has been introduced, with a wide scope for downstream replacement. 2) dcu: the company uses the gpgpu design route, compatible with the “cuda-type” environment, the hardware and software ecology, the expansion of the downstream ai, the big data scene, and the limited use of high-performance computing chips in the country to usher in the gold development phase.
With the full expansion of financial and telecommunications-represented industry, the penetration rate of domestic production servers has increased rapidly, with the share of domestic servers in the sealight series approaching 50% of the published bidding results, and the company’s performance entering the eruption phase. 2022H1, the company achieved 2.53 billion yuan in revenue.
Over 2021. With the impact of scale, the company’s Māori rate has risen steadily, the cost rate has declined, the technology has continued to evolve, from catching up to coming together. The company is pursuing its product research and development strategy of “sale generation, validate generation, develop generation” and continues to absorb and innovate, especially in 2019.
After the list was closed, the company began to master the design of the generic processor, and the roll-out of Sealight II completed the validation of the scale application. Starting with the Sealight III processor, the company independently carried out an iterative development of the generic processor, further autonomizing the microstructure; the current Sealight III cpu
Launched in June 2022, production has started and will be marketed on a scale that is expected to continue at a very high price. With the arrival of corporate fund-raising projects, subsequent intergenerational products will have a more advanced research and development environment, and the competitive advantage in terms of performance, ecology, autonomy, etc. is expected to be further enhanced.
Given the company's role as a scarce home-grown high-end processor designer, it is hoped that the current trend in autonomous industries will continue to expand market shares and achieve performance surges, taking into account the company's increasing competition barriers to the consolidation of “performance + ecology + safety” in research and development.
The market rhythms are unique and enjoy a certain premium on valuations. Ocean light information is given 20 times ps in 2023, and R & D is not as fast as expected; x86 structure cpu market shares are falling; there is no real control over human risks, etc.
1.1 Autonomous high-end processor suppliers, whose performance and ecological advantages are evident, were established in 2014 as Tianjin Sealight, a joint venture of Tianjin Haitai, China and China Academy of Science and Technology. The company uses the Fables business model, which focuses on computing chip products such as high-end processors, accelerators, etc.
System research and development, including products such as the Sealight General Processor (cpu) and the Sea Light Association Processor (dcu). Sealight processors are labelled as “strong, safe and credible, ecologically sound” with a market-mainstreamed X86 command set, with mature and rich applications of an ecological environment, with multiple products performing at the level of international mainstream high-end processors of the same type, in telecommunications,
The downstream areas of finance, the Internet, transport, energy, and small and medium-sized enterprises are widely used. Figure 1: Corporate development history, resource support from a strong national background, and a wide range of employee holding platforms.
In 2018, China was given a 1948 billion share in the Sealight Information, making it the largest share in the Sealight Information, with a pre-market share of 32.1%; in conjunction with China and China, China and Light are calculating the depth of the industry and its resources, creating good operational synergies with Sealight and contributing to high-quality corporate development.
The company currently has no real control and shareholders promise not to acquire or participate in the competition for control of the company for 36 months from the date of listing, and the company’s equity and control structure is expected to remain relatively stable. In addition, the Blue Sea Boat Partnership is a company’s employee holding platform, with a current shareholding rate of 6.09 per cent, and incentives include 671 company executives, core technicians, and others.
A joint venture with md to open up the path of autonomous research and development. In 2016, a collaboration was reached between sealight information and ultra-micro semiconductor (amd) to set up two subsidiaries for the integration of sealight microelectronics and sealight, introducing high-end processing such as x86 and zen microstructures.
Technical authorization and related technical support. Of this, PVE (49%, MD 51%) is primarily responsible for x86 processor nuclear (core) development, production, encapsulation, testing, etc., and is the production cost centre for PVI; PVI (70%, MD 30%) is primarily responsible for system architecture, system design, system design,
In the Technology Permit Agreement signed between the company and md, it was expressly agreed that Hai Xin could sell, import, export, and distribute joint assets for server and workstation purposes in China (including Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan) and that the licence would remain valid for the duration of the operation of two joint ventures. At the same time, the company was included in the United States in 2019.
After the country’s list of entities, the company no longer provides related technical services, the company has developed its own follow-up products and technologies, and the technology path has changed between the two sides, and no disputes over intellectual property rights have arisen.
At the end of the year, the company had 1,031 R & D technicians, representing 90.2% of the total number of employees, with a master ' s degree and an academic background of 749, representing 65.53% of the total number of employees, and a leading country in technology. At the same time, the company ' s management is rich.
Industry background and resources also form mature teams in internal management, supply chains, marketing of products, enabling corporate products to move to the market and to spread quickly. 1.2 cpu+dcu, in collaboration with the layout, continues to multiply products.
Corporate centralized high-end processors. Research and development of sealight cpu and sea light dcu. The company is a small national player with high-end processor core microstructure design, high-end processor soc architecture design, processor safety, processor validation, high-frequency and low-power processor realization, high-end chip-ip design, advanced process physical design, advanced envelope design, soft base.
The company forms two main product lines, cpu and dcu, depending on the area of application, the technology route and the characteristics of the product.
\triangleright inter-mainstream x86 processor structures and technical routes with the advantages of advanced processors, excellent system architecture, rich soft and hardware ecology, etc.; and support for national secret algorithms, expansion of security directives, integration of security algorithms for accelerated circuits, support
Credible calculations have significantly improved the safety of high-end processors. In response to different market demands, the company ' s cpu product has formed three main series of 7,000, 5000, 3,000, with full coverage of high, medium and low-end markets: 1) the sealight 7000 series is used mainly on high-end servers and in data.
Complex applications such as heart, cloud computing: 2) Sealight 5000 series, mainly for information on government, business and education, low- and medium-end server needs under construction, with more balanced processing capacity and single core processor performance; 3) Sealight 3000 series, mainly for workstations and peripheral computing servers, for entry-level computing.
Sealight dcu: a type of gpgpu with a composition similar to cpu, with a structure logic relative to simple cpu but a larger number of computing units. Sealight dccu processors fully compatible with rocmgpu computing ecology, and the cuda common parallel computing structure of Nvidia are highly similar, and cuda users can move quickly to rocm flat at a lower cost.
As a result, sealight dcu can be better matched with international mainstream commercial computing software and artificial intelligence software, rich in hardware and software ecology, and can be widely applied in computing-intensive applications such as large data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, mainly deployed in server clusters or data centres, providing high performance, energy efficiency and computing power for applications and supporting high complexity.
Table 4: Sealight dcu 8100 series of products supported by national mainstream oems. Industrial chain ecology expands rapidly. Corporate product support can match mainstream x86,
The linux operating system, which supports multiple versions of databases, intermediates, ai algorithms, cloud computing platforms, etc., is less costly to migrate. With excellent hardware and software ecology and performance, companies have gradually developed well-known domestic service providers, such as wave, conjecture, Xinhua, and co-authors, to effectively promote industrialization of sealight high-end processors; and, at the same time, the Heiconway, Qinghua, Qinghua, Qingqiao, and others.
Commercial roll-out of workstations based on sea light cpu, mainly in industrial design and applications, graphic image processing, and high and sustained growth in market run-off, yielding a surplus in 2021. 1) End-of-income: 2019-2021, company products received a market end: company losses continued until 2020, mainly due to significant R & D investment in the pre-integration of integrated circuit design
In 2021, with the expansion of the company's income and the stabilization of its cost inputs, the company completed a reversal of its loss and realized a net return to the mother of $330 million, an increase of 93.5.6 per cent.
The same-year increase of 342.8 per cent: the net return to the mother was 480 million yuan, an increase of 1240.8 per cent. At the same time, according to the company ' s share acquisition, the 7000 cpu series contributed to the main collection and the dcu was quickly released. In 2021, the company ' s cpu product as a whole received 2.07 billion yuan, an increase of 102.7 per cent and an increase of 89.7 per cent; of these, the 7,000 cpu series was recorded.
Output goods, with an excellent response from the market. In 2021, dcu earned 240 million yuan, representing 10.3 per cent of the income, while product unit prices rose and declined gradually as the product life cycle moved. By June 2019, corporate products were sold on a smaller scale, mainly using pricing methods that refer to product price lists of leading international firms in the same industry; July 2019
After that, companies began to adopt industry-wide step pricing strategies and accept project-specific ad hoc requests. Overall, companies have increased pricing of new and intergenerational products over the previous generation, while the initial listing of a given intergenerational product has been higher, with subsequent declines in the life cycle.
By industry, the share of telecommunications and financial revenues has continued to grow in many areas. Companies have also increased their sales in such important sectors as telecommunications operators, finance, education, transportation, etc., and the collection structure has continued to improve.
The company’s combined Māori ratio has gradually risen significantly, reaching 56.0% in 2021, up 18.64 pp from 2019. By sub-product, the Cpu product rate was 56.0% in 2021, and the dcu product rate was 34.8%, which we believe is mainly due to the relatively short period of time in which the dcu product is marketed and the size of the product is difficult to sell, and is expected to follow.
Continued high R & D inputs guarantee the speed of new products. The high-end processor products are fast-paced, requiring sustained investment in R & D to maintain core competitiveness and secure market position. The firm’s R & D spending increases in absolute terms every year, but the R & D cost rate drops by 2021 per year.
The annual R & D costs of companies are 750 million yuan, with R & D costs at 32.2 per cent; R & D costs of 2022h1 are 70 million yuan, with R & D costs at 27.5 per cent. In addition, the higher capitalization of R & D spending by companies, the higher amount of self-researching intangible assets, the lower cost rate, and the company ' s progress into the harvest period. In 2019-2021, business expansion and efficiency enhancement led to sales costs.
Rates of efficiency and management costs have declined from year to year, and financial rates have remained low. 2022h1, companies have moved from the pre-period high-input phase to the harvest period of performance, with increasing profitability.2 Autonomy is a necessity, with a wide space for national processors.
2.1 Our integrated circuits are growing at a high rate, shifting the focus towards high-end design and manufacturing, and our integrated circuits are growing at a much faster rate than globally. The integrated circuit industry, which is the basis for the global information industry, is growing at a stable city level. According to the World Semiconductor Trade Statistics Organization (wsts), the global integrated circuit rules are in place.
The model grew from $251.8 billion in 2013 to $555.8 billion in 2020.cagr was 5.3 per cent of the country ' s integrated circuits, although they started at a late start, and since 2010, as the population ' s capacity to consume increased demand for integrated circuit products began to shift the focus of the market. In 2020, the market for integrated circuits reached $88.4.8 billion and the market size for integrated circuits reached $88.8 billion, 2013-2020.
The year was 19.7%. Close to four times the world’s growth rate. The country’s integrated circuit industry is expected to continue its rapid growth trend in the future, benefiting from the development of artificial intelligence, big data, 5g, etc., and the spread of products.
The upstream links, which are highly demanding for technological R & D, have high product value-added and have a large number of compartmentalized features, with the firm’s head effects being particularly pronounced, with a small number of firms, such as Hightower, Intel, Botton, and British Weida, accounting for a large part of the market for a long time. Global integrated circuit design is still dominated by the United States, with a market share of 55%; then South Korean companies, 21%, Europe.
Seven per cent of continental companies, 6 per cent of companies in Taiwan, and 6 per cent of companies in Japan; and only 5 per cent of companies in mainland China, although one of the most important players in the world, still have a weak voice.
Since 2012, the number of integrated circuit design firms in China has increased year by year and has gradually moved into the mainstream of global markets. By the end of 2020, our integrated circuit design firms had reached 2,218 and the 2013-2020 capr.
For 19.6 per cent, of which 289 enterprises with more than a billion sales, market concentration is still low and are in the early stages of flowering; by 2020, our integrated circuit design industry generated 37.784 billion yuan in sales revenue, an increase of 23.3 per cent in comparison with the previous year and an increase of 42.7 per cent from 32.2 per cent in 2013; and 2,56.01 billion yuan in chip manufacturing sales, an increase of 19.1 per cent in relation to the same year.
As our integrated circuit industry progresses from the lower to the higher end, industrial development is also characterized by high speed and quality. 2.2 Server demand is strong in the long term, processors occupy high values, server market development is somewhat cyclical, and numeracy demand is still visible.
The server industry as a whole has been growing steadily since the rise of cloud computing. According to idc, between 2013 and 2021, the global server was US$ 1 billion, with cagr reaching 10.0%. Although there was a certain volatility in the industry during the period due to multiple factors such as the contraction and epidemic in the global Internet industry, we believe that as more economic and social activity has shifted from the bottom line to the bottom line.
Above, there is a higher demand for data storage and computing capabilities, and long-term market demand for servers will sustain growth. The processor is the server's brain, which occupies the high-value ground. The server is a high-performance computer and the logical structure remains compliant with the von Neuman architecture, mainly processors (cpu, gpu, dpu, etc.), storage, vol interfaces, and ssd,
bmc, pcie slots, mainboards, power sources, fans and related software. In this case, processors assume the role of "brain" in the server and play a decisive role in the overall performance of the server. According to idc, with the classic x86 server e5, the cost of cpu is approximately 32% of the base server; in higher-performance servers, processing is done.
2.2.1cpu:x86 remains the mainstream structure, with demonstrated performance and ecological advantages. The central processor (cpu) is the core of computer computing and control.cpu is used to interpret computer instructions and processors.
The data in the computer software is also responsible for controlling and allocating all hardware and software resources of the computer.
cpu can be divided into complex command set (cisc) structures and streamlined command set (risc) frames, depending on the design approach. All software layers in a computer system will eventually be mapped to cpu operations.
(complicinstructionsetcompute): A command completes a complex basic function. A single command collection is powerful, the type of command is rich, the number of instructions compiled is small, the general scene performance is superior; it is represented by x86 architecture, mainly in desktop pc and server areas, and the hardware and software packages are well developed.
Setcomputer: A command completes a basic action, and multiple commands combine to complete a complex basic function. It means that the set structure is constantly perfected, translated efficiently and optimized in areas of low power consumption; it is represented by the Arm architecture, which used to be used mainly for mobile terminals such as mobile phones, tablets, etc., and the software and hardware ecology are gradually perfected.
The server area x86 architecture remains the absolute mainstream, with sales in excess of 97%. Two companies microsoft and intel formed the Wintel Technology Coalition in the 1980s, based on their scale effects and technological advantages, and have since led the world, giving the eco-environment of the x86 processor a clear pre-eminence over other architecture processors. According to idc data, in recent years,
The sales share of the x86 server has remained almost constant at more than 90 per cent, with sales at more than 97 per cent and still occupying 2.2.2 gpgpu: diversification of arithmetic needs, rapid market expansion gpgpu is a technical branch of gpu.
Image processing, which built into specialized computing modules such as video decoding acceleration engines, 2d acceleration engines, 3d acceleration engines, image rendering, etc., gpgpu, as the computing co-processor, added dedicated vectors, stretches, matrix calculation instructions to respond to the needs of different applications, increasing the accuracy and performance of floating point calculations to meet the needs of different scenarios.
gpgpu is widely used in the areas of commercial computing, large data processing, and ai. The gpgpu is relatively simple in composition and contains a large core of computing units and a very long flow line, which has the advantage of handling parallel computing tasks and is particularly good at a large number of uniform types of data operations.
With the technological development of gpgpu and its associated eco-environmental development, its use has been further explored and is now widely used in areas such as commercial computing, big data, and artificial intelligence. Of these, gpgpu is the leading co-processor solution in the area of artificial intelligence.
Algorithms can significantly reduce the length of training in big training data and reduce energy consumption, thereby further reducing the cost of application of artificial intelligence: at the same time, gpgpu can provide a well-developed software ecosystem, facilitate the transplantation of existing applications and the development of new algorithms, and have a wide market space in applications such as unmanned, intelligent factories, intelligent cities, etc.
Figure 33: Differences in composition between cpu and gpu Artificial intelligence and data centres are rapidly developing, supporting the rapid expansion of the gpgpu market. Artificial intelligence is one of the fastest-growing new technology applications in the global IT industry.
In 2020, the demand for a deep learning model for arithmetic reached 10 billion times a day. Currently, the number and complexity of advanced models are showing an exponential growth trend, artificial intelligence needs are doubled every four months, arithmetic has become the core driver of artificial intelligence development, and the new computing infrastructure of aai is being fed.
At present, the global i server accounts for more than 84.2% of the iInfrastructure Market and is the backbone of the iInfrastructure. According to idc, the future i server will continue to grow at a high rate and is expected to reach $28.8 billion in global market size in 2025.
The number of gpgpu chips on board by the server is expected to increase year by year, which is expected to further support the rapid development of gpgpu. Moreover, from a data centre perspective, the construction of cloud and super data centres worldwide is accelerating, and the demand for computational acceleration hardware is increasing globally.
Nvidia ' s data centre operation, which increased its revenue from $340 million in 2015 to $10.6 billion, achieved a compound increase of 77.4 per cent at a much faster rate than other plate operations, further validated the growth of downstream data to a pan- artificial intelligence core at 2.3 end-to-end resonance, and the national product processor flew at a reasonable time.
The development of the national processor has been at an all-time accelerated stage. Our research on the processor dates back to the 1950s, when it was largely on the same track as international advanced levels, but was driven away mainly from abroad in the 1980s.
Pilot application, the current state-of-the-art processor industry is already in its infancy, with a number of leading companies in various fields, leading the industry in its initial phase (1950s-1970s): in 1956, semiconductor technology was listed as one of the four major emergency measures for new technologies in the country.
Broke. In 1975, our first integrated circuit computer, 1 million times 013, was successfully developed, and then it was advanced with the international community towards the valley (1980s-1990s): cpu began the market-based commercial phase, the “wintel” alliance was formed and \triangleright \triangleright
In the meantime, our semiconductor industrial policy support has declined significantly, with the development of cpu stagnating and the growth of the gap from overseas. Relaunching (2000s-2010s): the issue of self-control is once again on the national agenda, during the “XV” period, the State.
Launching of the development of a national product, cpu's Tarzan and 863 projects, industrial policy began to increase. In 2002, we succeeded in launching the first popular cpu core, No. 1, and in 2006 the “nuclear high-lying” was launched. In 2014, we launched the National Integrated Circuit Industry Development Promotion Programme, the National Integrated Circuit Investment Fund (hereinafter referred to as the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund).
The country’s production of cpu has begun to be on track and fast-tracked under policy and funding. Speeding up (2010s-to-date): After decades of painstaking exploration, the country’s cpu industry has become a starter.
The six-Power-owned cpu companies, represented by thugs, sealights, fly-toms, dragon cores, magnified cores, and Shin Wei, are gradually approaching global leadership in their design capabilities, while the software ecology is gradually improving. Large downstream markets, together with active national policies, add to the urgency of the international situation to replace national production.
The combination of circuits is typical of a talent-intensive and capital-intensive industry, a process of recycling our processors, and the acceleration of the industry is linked to the strength of policy support. The international situation is growing.
In August 2020, the State Council issued Policies for the Promotion of Quality Development in the Integrated Circuit Industry and the Software Industry in the New Age, which defined the central strategic position of the integrated circuit industry and supported the development of the integrated circuit industry from all sources, including taxation, investment, research and development, imports and exports, and talent:
The 14th Five-Year Plan also makes explicit the use of state-wide technologies such as artificial intelligence, integrated circuits, and other cutting-edge technologies. We believe that, in a clear context of time and good policy environment, state-owned processor technology is expected to maintain a digital economy strategy, with the bottom of the new infrastructure benefiting first.
In 2020, the country deployed new infrastructure-related tasks, identifying seven main areas: 5g base stations, big data, artificial intelligence, and industrial Internet; and in 2022, the 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan was launched at the top of the programme, bringing the digital economy to the national strategic level for the first time, with its leading article, "Doing good and doing good on an ongoing basis."
In February 2022, agencies such as the National Development and Reform Commission jointly initiated a document that agreed to launch eight sites in Kyoto, Long Triangle, Hong Kong and the Australasia, Sung-sung, Inner Mongolia, Guizhou, Gansu, Ningxia, etc.
Building national arithmetic hub nodes and planning for a cluster of 10 national data centres, most of which had already been actively planned in the provinces and cities of the central and western provinces, such as the fivefold increase in the number of racks during the 14th Five-Year Plan, the threefold increase in the number of inner Mongolia and the 24fold increase in Ningxia. We believe that the official full-scale launch of the East-West Plan is a digital economic war.
Data-processing needs have erupted, and market expansion trends are clear. According to the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, our data centre hangars reached 3.150,000 in 2019 and more than 4 million in 2020; and according to the latest data from the National Development Commission ' s High Technology Division, the deadline has been closed.
At present, we have 5 million aircraft racks, with a calculus capacity of 130 eflops and more than 32% cagr. We believe that the digital transformation of traditional industries will be one of the long-term development poles, with the bottom of the infrastructure, represented by cloud computing, one of the core; according to idc, servers account for the largest share of hardware costs of cloud platform construction, reaching
About 75%. With the acceleration of new scenarios such as 5g commercialization, networking, smart cars, etc., the demand for big data operation and storage will grow rapidly, building requirements such as data centres will be superimposed, the subject concerned is expected to start a new round of equipment acquisition programmes, and the overall spatial expansion of Chinese servers is clear.
The situation is being forced to accelerate the process of national production. For a long time, the country has a high degree of dependence on overseas IT products, with intel, microsoft, oracle, cisco, etc., accounting for a larger share of the market in the fields of chips, operating systems, databases, intermediates, etc., and has been highly permeating the various sectors of government, finance, civil aviation, railways, medical care, etc. since 2008.
Since then, information security incidents caused by overseas products have been frequent, and the autonomous control of IT technology is imperative. In 2018, Naking and Hua were included in the list of entities, becoming the trigger for the real start-up phase of the credit-making industry. The third wave of “crack casts and spirits” was officially launched, and the core of the industry was the chip and the operating system, and the logic of development was around cpu and operation.
Systems create national systems. Since 2022, the intensification of the conflict in the Russian Federation and recent events such as the introduction of the Chips and Science Act in the United States have spurred the short-term urgency and long-term certainty of information innovation, and the process of nationalization of key technological domains is expected to accelerate.
The Prism Door incident, June 2013, "The Prism intel chip breach in the United States."
The program was revealed to U.S. National Security, in 2018, the Intel chip exploded, with a technical defect leading to a major security problem.
Clandestine surveillance, covering all the valleys, and hackers can use the leak to cross songs, Microsoft, apples, and so on.
Insights of device memory, access to classified national Internet companies, lifts up sensitive information such as code, key, etc.
♪ To the wave. ' ♪ ♪ Microsoft black screen event ♪ ♪ The back door of the apple incident ♪
In 2018, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced a seven-year ban on U.S. business in China, October 2008, Microsoft China, December 2013, Appleios.
The sale of parts and components in communications directly led to a loss in communications during the year, which was used as a warning to pirate users, piracy, and a number of undetected systems were discovered.
The xp version uses a 60-minute black "back door" program, and then the U.S. lists hundreds of Chinese companies as Chinese companies.
One screen approach, which allows for export control measures against pirated backdoors that bypass the ios list.
The office uses a dialogue box to warn that the private user thefts are triggered by the Chinese-American trade war, and that the United States has increased its sanctions against China.
The party’s political stance has deepened. The political sphere was the first to be nationalized under policy guidance, starting in 2013 with the public communications system.
The replacement programme, which was developed and piloted over a long period of time, has now reached the submersion stage at the district and district levels; at the same time, the national production development pole of the e-government system has been opened, involving a wider range of recruitment than the e-publication system, longer replacement cycles, and full-scale opening of the national production server industry. Our credit-creation industry, after a previous pilot, has gradually matured in technology and ecology, both nationally and internationally.
Local policy leads to the full roll-out phase of the 8+n, which is now at a key node of the transition from policy-driven to market-led, with the market ceiling rising up. Eight industries, finance, telecommunications, with the fastest pace of advancement, are now in a state of scale: oil, transport, education, etc.
From a supply point of view, our cpu enterprise, after many years of research and development overlap and extension certification, has begun to shape the market landscape of “three technological pathways, the six-Power production poles” and has led to the emergence of a convergence of applications from the upper layers of the industrial chain.
Based on the different command set structures, the current national producer cpu is divided into three main categories: 1) osmosis cores, sea light based on x86 structures: high performance starting, low eco-transmigration difficulties, large replacement space; significant advantages in areas where high performance requirements require smooth migration. 2) Arm-based arm-based arm atrocity: large and multi-structural space with greater performance.
Fast, eco-friendly; pc and server cpu, based on the arm architecture, have developed rapidly in recent years and are in line with one of the directions of international master flow technology. 3) Dragon core, Shin Wai, based on a self-research set of instructions, is extremely autonomous and highly manageable. Against the backdrop of the current urgency and need for further improvement, it is expected to accelerate the process of eco-exploitation and expansion to usher in major development opportunities.
Because of the differences in the performance, ecology, and safety considerations of cpu from different end scenes, leading firms, based on different command set structures, have independently explored the best path to their own development, leading to change in different areas of fragmentation of the message, and contributing to industrial prosperity.
With 3 strong ecological leaderships, deep-beneficiaries accelerated, 3.1 continued to absorb overlaps, from chasers to co-existes, with high performance starting points. In 2016, sealight information and ultra-minimum semiconductors (amd) worked together.
The zen structure has qualitative leaps over the past chip design of the amd, incorporating microdirector caches, plastics/floating points. The command scheduler has increased from 48/60 to 84/96, and the ipc (number of time cycle instructions) has increased its performance by 52%.
Core shortboards; simultaneously, zen1 has completely re-constructed the cache level, introduced synchronised multi-tour (smt) capabilities, upgraded from 28 nm/32nm to 14 nmfinfet, double-upgrading performance and performance. From the time node, the intel fell into a 10-nm delay, the “tick-tock” development model failed at a low point, and the zen architecture was released.
The corner of the md counter-attack: according to passmark data, the market share of the mdcpu has risen rapidly since 2017, reaching a maximum of 40 per cent in 2021, with the server cpu reaching a maximum of 10 per cent, and the side-screening advantage of the Zen structure. Figure 46: market share of the mdvsintel (server cpu)
Incorporated, autonomous innovation. After introducing the zen architecture, the company continuously innovates in technology in line with its strategy of “selling, authenticating, researching and developing” products. 1) Sealight I product design focuses on the introduction of technology as “ensorption and absorption”, mainly based on the source code of the amd delivered, with some autonomous innovations, including those based on:
China's cryptographic algorithms securely enhance technology, etc. Through the development and industrialization of the Haigwang I cpu, the company has established high-performance generic processor design methodologies, R & D processes, product engineering technology systems, etc., and has set up a design team with international mainstream cpu research and development experience, which has laid the foundation for the production and development of the sealight cpu follow-up product.) The sealight II cpu is in place.
Based on the successful research and development of the Cpu Sealight I microsystem structure at the core of the cpu processor, there was a greater degree of self-innovation. In particular, after the company entered the list of entities in 2019, md stopped providing technical support, the company began to master the design techniques of the generic processor and completed the validation of the scale application.) Starting with the Sealight III processor, the company became independent.
Undertake iterative development of generic processors and further autonomous innovation in microstructures: optimized branch forecasters in modules, resulting in more accurate branch forecast algorithms and higher forecast bandwidth; optimized pcie controllers, upgrading bandwidth from 8gbps to 16gbps; optimized memory controllers, increasing RAM frequency from 2667mhz to 3200mhz, and increased memory reading
Retransmit mechanisms when you write errors, upgrade the server system ' s nas: optimize the film on the web, increase bandwidth, modify the internal communications protocol, increase the frequency of work, etc. Sealight 3 cpu, released in June 2022, has now started to produce quantities, and will soon be in the lead at the national level compared to shoulder international. Processors ' important performance indicators include command set, main frequency, nuclear, etc.
Heart count, memory passages, etc., based on the current main-power delivery model, Sealight II cpu, the company's product performance has reached the international level of the same type of mainstream high-end processor, with an integer and floating-point performance of approximately 80-90% of the amd integer and 7285 products under the frame of sign zen2; and with index intel issued over the same period to the powerful gold system.
Column products, which are closer to floating point operations, have overall performance close to the level of internationally and intergenerational mainstream technology. Some of the product parameters under the different command set structures, such as core numbers, hypertraces, have varying degrees of influence on product properties, are only indicative, and increases in core numbers limit the growth of the main frequency.
The Division uses the X86 set of instructions, with a high threshold in performance and ecology, and a leading level in the number of pcie channels, the number of memory channels, etc. related to i/o performance. The dcu 1 product is also close to the international level, and the dcu 2 is progressing well.
The most recent 7nmfinfet process, designed on the basis of large-scale parallel calculations of microstructures, not only has a strong double-precision capacity, but also has an equally excellent performance in single, semi-precision, orthopaedic calculations, which is the only domestic comparison that supports the whole at the same time.
All are still in the lead, but in a typical application scenario, the company’s deep counting indicator number one is closer to the level of the internationally mainstream product. The company also continues to do the same over time in the dcu product series, and the deep counting number 2 dcu has made more autonomous innovations in the microstructure of the dcu computing module: increasing the size of the computing module and improving the film on the basis of its successful development.
The new generation of products is expected to improve significantly through network protocols, optimisation of accessory subsystems, etc. 3.2 The ecological barrier is high, and the primary safe genes are the source of the ecology. The command set is a minimum set of functional units and standards that control the operation of computer systems.
The corresponding cpu design, software development, requires optimization of the command set architecture to allow optimal performance. Therefore, the command set is the source of the computer ecology, where the cyclic layers of chips, operating systems, basic software, applications, etc. are built around the command set. x86 is the command set launched by Intel in 1978, labeled with a strong performance.
Created a “wintel” alliance with Microsoft to attract mainstream software manufacturers to develop and optimize on this basis, step by step to build a vast ecological system that holds the major share of end markets such as servers and pc. x86 command sets bring natural ecological advantages and low cost of software migration.
Several strikes by competitors like Powerpc have been thwarted, and they are now facing the challenge of arm. With the integration of the cisc and rsc, it is true that arm in markets such as pc and servers has the potential to replace x86, but it is still true that the ecological walls of the X86 system are in front of a number of challengers such as Powerpc and Arm.
Sealight information is based on the x86 architecture for cpu development and replication, which naturally inherits the ecological compatibility advantages of Wintel, and the research and development costs and time costs of upper-level software migration are lower than those of other command set structures and are expected to benefit significantly in terms of dissemination and release rhythms.
Cuda is a key factor in the area of Anveda's dominance of gpu. Cuda is a parallel computing platform and programming model launched by Nvidia in 2006, containing a cuda command set structure and an internal gpu computing engine, as well as a complete toolkit of compilers, debuggers, libraries, operating environments and drivers, which is a complete gpu solution that can be mentioned significantly.
Upgpu's computing performance. Ever since Cuda's launch, Yvesta has been investing heavily in transforming gpu into a more common computing tool that fully supports standard programming languages such as the c language and api interfaces such as the opencl, and has sunk hard support into a thousand-dollar game cardsgeforce, thereby attracting a large number of developers and world leaders to build it.
Third-party application and tool chain ecological barriers that depend on the cuda software store. More importantly, with the development of a library under a common set of cubs, nccl, nvcaffes, especially after deep learning has been mainstreamed, the coordinated design of software extension and chip architecture has been well balanced in terms of interoperability and efficiency.
Degpu and cuda are considered by the ai practitioners as tagging options. Most of the current in-depth learning training and reasoning frameworks target support for and optimization of British Weidagpu, creating a self-enhanced ecological cycle.
An mdgpu based on a series of open-source projects has a high degree of ecological similarities with cuda in ecological and programming environments. Sealight dcu is fully compatible with rocm computational ecology, provides a layered silo, raw supports common computing frameworks (tensorflow, pytorch, etc.), software repositories and programming models, and adapts to different models.
Api interfaces and compilers. Thus, when the commercial computing software and the ii application that are being transferred to the international mainstream is being reasoned and trained, usually only api migration is required to directly adjust existing gpu training commands and parameters, and companies can accelerate product diffusion by participating in open-source software projects.
In collaboration with a wide range of companies, the industry has gradually developed a deep “friendship circle”. 1) Close cooperation with the country's head's i Enterprise Quest, commercial soup, and clouds has resulted in a large number of models being transplanted and operated on the sealight dcu platform; 2) joint programmes with major Internet plants, including Ali and Pedu, have been launched to build a national soft and hard-to-eat all-ai infrastructure, which has now been made available to Paddlepaddle.
Certification as the only national production accelerator that fully supports training/extremism; 3) Deep participation in the construction of the “Ethics of the East and West” advanced computing centre, the “New Capital” think tank, in close coordination with the major shareholders, and the creation of a national production power base.
Weave, new and related forces such as the National Production General Computing Platform, joint industrial chains, upstream and downstream enterprises, universities, scientific institutes, industry enterprises, etc., to achieve a coordinated approach to key common technologies, deep optimization of hardware and software systems from the chip layer, joint construction of safe, useful and open products and solutions, and testing certification, technical training, incubation of programmes, demonstration of applications, promotion of cross-fertilization
A series of activities, such as streaming, promotes the common development of cooperative members to build inclusive and prosperous information technology ecosystems. After two years of development, IHO already has 1,000+ members, 500+ fit-for-certification manufacturers, 1,000+ product suitability certifications, 10 regional chapters, 15 fit-for-centres, and the ecosphere is growing.
In the face of endless security incidents, companies develop built-in genes to meet national standards for soil security. The originals support a variety of advanced security actors, such as state-class algorithms, credible calculations, and constantly expand security algorithm directives to meet the stringent demand for data security in various infrastructure settings.
Credible enforcement environmental aspects: Automatic decrypting of data to effectively prevent safety attacks, providing advanced cloud computing \triangleright full process safe implementation environment: the safe packaging programme uses different keys to encrypt the active state of the container.
Password operation acceleration: Integrating password handlers that meet national secret standards, supporting national secret standards sm2, sm3, \triangleright Credible computing aspects: built-in and credible platform-specific security circuits, supporting Chinese standard tpcm and international standards
\triangleright ca.tpm 2.0, provides the chip-level trust root, avoids back door threats, allows for active measurement and monitoring of the system, and takes the necessary measures to meet the requirement of equivalent insurance 2.0 when an anomaly is detected.
Fault defense: from the very beginning of the design, the melting hole was completely avoided, and effective hardware and software techniques were used to protect the ghost and side channel loopholes. Figure 54: The company provides full-scale security.
3.3 The depth of the benefits has accelerated, and the market share has continued to rise. The market space for domestic X86 servers is wide, with 2025 x 86cpu chips or more than 10 million pieces. According to idc statistics, gradual recovery has been under way since August, adding up to the country ' s seven largest areas of 5g, industrial Internet, large data centres, artificial intelligence, etc.
At the same time, domestic X86 servers, which account for more than 80 per cent of the total, calculated on the basis of the market and road distribution announced by idc, reached 6.981 million Chinese X86cpu in 2020.
Assuming that the distribution of road numbers in 2025 is consistent with 2020, it is expected that the cpu chip will produce more than 10 million items in 2025. Telecommunications, government, and finance will account for more than 30% of the total, and the need for autonomy is urgent. Depending on the distribution of the idc server downstream industries, the share of telecommunications, government, and finance will reach 11.6%, 11.5%, 9.3%, respectively; and it is assumed that industries will account for 2025.
Telecommunications, financial innovations, and the rate of penetration of national production are rising from year to year. In telecommunications, the telecommunications industry has an important mission of ensuring national information security, people's communication coverage, and there are high demands for the co-existence, real-time, security, stability of the information system, which can be called the “culture” of the credit-making industry.
High point. Three major operators, as leaders, have been actively implementing autonomous control work, starting with the start-up of the software and hardware migration appliance work in the start-up library, which is accelerating every year. From the point of view of server recruitment, since 2020, the three operators have designated national production as part of the server collection bidding process.
In China, for example, in 2020, the pc server centralized procurement project achieved 21% national production penetration, while in 2021-2022, the pc server collection project (first, second and second batch + by-catch) rose to 39% of the national chip.
Financial innovation: based on a “first pilot, then full” extension, with 47 pilot units in 2020, mainly head banking, insurance, securities, one-line meetings and exchanges, mostly oa-office systems, with basic IT hardware increasing to 10-15 per cent of the demand for out-of-it mining; and expected entry requirements in 2022
The model roll-out phase will be further expanded in scope and depth, with the first and second batch of pilot units expected to invest in hardware and software for 30% of the industry’s annual expenditure on it. From server intake, in 2021, the Chinese bank issued a “national core server selection” project, with a designated procurement package.
Servers carrying thugs and sealight chips: In June 2022, the Bank of Agriculture of China published the winning results of the First Pc Server Project 2022, which procured a total of 22,850 servers, all using sealight chips.
Name of project: China Bank Co. Ltd., Project "Search Server Selection" (second package: c86 server selection) Purchasing person: Bank of China Co. Ltd. Procurement agent: Jiangsu Province Tender Centre Co. Ltd.
II. Information on shortlisted supplier candidates and shortlisted suppliers: This project is evaluated according to the comprehensive scoring method:
Information on shortlisted supplier candidates: First rounded supplier candidate: Dawn Information Industries (Beijing) Ltd. Second rounded supplier candidate: Association (Beijing) Information Technology Ltd.
Third roundup supplier candidate: Waves Electronic Information Industries, Inc., fourth roundup supplier candidate: Xinhua Technology Ltd., a combination of sealight “performance + ecology + safety” benefits from the depth of the country's first echelon.
The server industry is mainly driven by two main axes: 1) the new infrastructure of the digital economy: incremental purchases, mainly in the construction of centres of super-county, intelligence centres, etc. (2) the innovation of party politics into normality and deeper push, with a significant increase in server purchases; and the explosion of industry coupons, with clear targets for national production rates.
In general, the domestic server cpu industry is entering a more market-oriented development phase, with performance, ecology, autonomy, value for money, power consumption, etc. as an important measure of downstream enterprise procurement. Sealight, although entering the market late, began in 2020 with its advanced structure and good ecological start-up in telecommunications.
The market share of corporate products is close to 50%, according to the results of open tendering, in the first echelon of the national production server cpu. We believe that, with the opening of the “2+8+n” downstream and the opening of new infrastructure spaces, the firm’s continuing competitive advantage is strong, and the market share is expected to expand further.
The company now offers 300 million shares, about 1 million shares, for a new generation of cpu R & D projects (2.88 billion yuan): the project has a three-year construction cycle, consisting mainly of chip front-end design,
The three phases of backend design and silicon post-testing will further enhance the processor ' s nuclear performance, reduce delay and power consumption, and improve the optimization of the processor ' s basic software for transplantation. 2) A new generation of dcu research and development projects (1.86 billion yuan): the project has a three-year construction cycle, consisting mainly of architecture and software students
The three phases of state design, chip front-end design and validation, chip physical design and realization, and chip volume production will be designed on the basis of existing dcu products, increasing the number of parallel computing units, expanding the high-speed cache capacity, and improving software 3), the advanced processor technology research and development centre construction project (2.41 billion yuan): mainly for the next generation of cpu and dcu
Forward-looking technology research, through the introduction of specialists, the acquisition of necessary equipment, and the construction of four major research and development platforms to create an efficient research and development system to further enhance the competitiveness of firms in technology. (4) Science, technology and development reserves (US$ 20 billion): reserves for follow-up research and development inputs, talent attraction, day-to-day operations, etc.
In our view, the company has been following the strategy of “selling the generation, authenticating the generation, research, and development” product research and development, and is constantly developing technological innovation, and the project of fund-raising provides an excellent environmental basis for research and development of the company's next generation and its next generation of products. As the project of fund-raising progresses, the company's core competitiveness in the medium to long term has been strengthened again, and it is expected that it will be compatible with the expansion of the industry and its autonomy.
Large trends towards high-quality growth.) 7000 series: high-end server demand, mainly for complex applications such as data centres, cloud computing, is the backbone of the company’s output. Considering that the current procurement of domestic servers in finance, telecommunications, etc. is entering a rapid upscaling phase,
The company’s products have a combined lead in performance, ecology, autonomy and control, and are expected to go further along with the product.) 5000 series: mainly for mid- and low-end server needs in the areas of government, business, and education. Since 2020, the public administration has entered a special catalogue of 5,200 series of products, allowing them to be scaled up in end-markets such as party politics, along with party communications to electronics.
The government system has deepened, server procurement needs are expected to increase further, company market shares are expected to expand further, and the 3,000 series is expected to focus mainly on entry-level computing needs, such as workstations and peripheral computing servers. With increasing computing and storage needs being decentralized to the edges, marginal computing servers are essential to address the alot era's arithmetic failures.
Product, according to idc, it is expected that by 2020-2025 we will have a 22.2 per cent server market size cagr, far beyond the overall growth in the server industry, and that the company ' s 3,000 series of products will be expected to adapt to downstream expansion trends and achieve rapid release, with 4)8,000 series: mainly deployed in server clusters and data centres for large-scale data processing, artificial intelligence, commerce
The company's deep-seated indicators in the typical application scenario are closer to the level of internationally dominant products, and the progress in research and development II is positive, with small-scale production expected in the second half of 2022. As the downstream artificial intelligence market expands, adding up or prohibiting the export of high-end gpu to the home country, the company's dcu product is expected to grow significantly.
A combination of the chip design industry and the downstream autonomous control of the track opportunities, and the selection of the dragon core medium, cold martial arts, gestation technology, and caricatures as comparable companies. The core core is the closest to the company’s business area, and is a national chip designer. Given that the country’s high-end processor chip design industry is still in the early stages, the research and development process is relatively advanced.
Rapid expansion has not resulted in a stable profit margin, valued using market sales rates, 16 times the company’s perps in 2023, corresponding to industry averages and cores. Sealight information will look at four of the largest points in the future: 1) the scarce domestic X86cpu designers, in ecological and performance applications.
The advantages are evident in terms of the depth of the benefits of the demand for downstream information and communications industries, the presence of the market in the solicitation of servers, such as finance, telecommunications, etc. Stability, the growth of orders with high voltage and certainty; and 2) the scarcity of domestic gpgpu processors, accompanied by a sudden change in the international situation, the import of high-performance chips in the country or further restrictions, and the rise of corporate dcú products to the gold ladder.
Paragraph 3) The company has passed through the pre-input high-level phase and has gradually moved to the dividend realization phase, with a series of products entering a phase of price increases; With the rapid increase in the scale of revenues, cost rates are expected to stabilize down and profits are expected to be flexible. 4) With the location of the company's fund-raising projects, subsequent intergenerational products have a more advanced R & D environment, performance, ecology, autonomy, etc.
Together with the growth and valuation levels of the performance of the label companies, the current business layout and marketing rhythm of the sealight information is unique and enjoy a certain premium on valuations. So the sealight information is given 20 times ps in 2023, corresponding to a market value of $163,069 million.
1) inability to continue using authorized or core technologies to accumulate insufficient risk; 2) risks associated with being included in the “entity list” of the United States Export Control Regulations; downstream demand less than anticipated risks;
4) Product R & D is not progressing as expected: x86 structure share down risk: 6) no physical control of human risk, etc.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.