Cpu, the base of the digital base, is the key to the bottom logic of the message. cpu is the information product.
The most basic core components of the industry, the command set, which is the basic set of cell functions for computer program implementation, is the cornerstone of cpu-based ecosystems, which can be divided into two main categories: complex command set (cisc) and streamlined command set (risc).cpu is the foundation that underpins the development of the digital bottom eco-structure and is the key to determining the underlying development logic of the IT bottom.
There. Cpu is the foundation that underpins the development of the digital base ecological architecture, and the key to determining the underlying development logic. Whether it is the Chinese faith in the “root” technological progress that is steadily reshaping the digital base of national production, or the national production of cpu, which is driven by deer, has a clear sense that market entry is fast and long-term.
Corporate income, profits, and credit-rich growth. Sealight Information is an \triangleright company with a small number of integrated circuits in the country with both high-end generic processors and co-processors.
In 2016-2021, sea light information revenues increased by 257% in compound, rising by 126% in 2021 to 2,310 million yuan in total, and the first year of return to the mother ' s net profit in 2021 to reach 327 million yuan. Product technology is at the forefront, and technological advances are backed by continuous investment in research and development.
Kwok's first-generation, second-generation cpu and first-generation dcu products have all achieved the same type of performance internationally (s010518120001).
The performance of the mainstream processor products released in the same time as the international lead chip design firm Intel has been comparable in total. Sealight dcu is now commercialized, with index 1 well calculated to be internationally equivalent to the same type of high-end product. Technology progress is underpinned by continuous investment in research and development, 2018-2021.
The total R & D cost is more than $1.6 billion, with R & D personnel accounting for more than 90% of cpu/dpu in both directions, and the ecological advantages of a system based on x86 are evident.
The research and development strategy for one generation, one generation, one generation, one generation, and one generation of research and development, the company has developed high-end processing environments and processes for high-end processors, product performance has been upgraded from generation to generation, and high-end processor products have been developed for use in servers and workstations.
A commercial application has been made, a laboratory test has been completed for Sealight 3, and a research and development phase is under way for Sealight IV. The investment proposal is that the company is a leading enterprise in the design of cpu in the country, that it continues to accelerate autonomous research and development, and that it is a leader in production performance.
50x, first covered, “recommended” rating. \triangleright1 digital base — cpu
1.1cpu: The brain of the modern information industry cpu is the most basic core component of the information industry. cpu is the core of computer computing and control, the final execution unit for information processing, program operation and the core component of the computer.
A super-large integrated circuit that interprets computer commands and processes data in computer software, and is responsible for controlling and redeploying all hardware and software resources of the computer. cpu can logically be divided into control units and operation units, etc. Control units obtain executable codes from storage units and convert them into executable guides through command translation.
The command set is the basic set of cell functions for computer programs and is the cornerstone of the cpu product ecosystem. The computer program eventually needs to be converted into a "direction" to run on the cpu.
cpu can be divided into two main categories: complex command set (cisc) and streamlined command set (risc). Of these, complex indications are rich, flexible in location-based instructions, with microprocess controllers at their core, variable in length, robust in function, efficient in the implementation of complex procedures; streamlined command set command structure is simple, easy to design and more energy efficient for implementation.
Compare. In the current mainstream command set architecture, x86 structures represent complex command sets, while arm structures, mips structures, and alpha structures are representatives of streamlined command sets.
Personal computers (desktops, laptops), mobile terminals, and embedded devices vary somewhat depending on the field of application, depending on their structure, functionality, performance, reliability, energy efficiency ratios, etc. The cpu is the most demanding and comprehensive of the settings represented by the server/pc.
Data-processing capabilities, data-absorption capacity, scalability, reliability, and maintenance. By contrast, mobile terminals and embedded equipment are largely demanding for some of the indicators of power consumption, reliability, etc. cpu products have been widely used in the areas of consumer electronics, industrial electronics, physical networking, data centres, etc.
1.2 The market for the chip industry is vast, the market has accelerated significantly, and the market for the global integrated circuits is vast, and our market for the integrated circuits is growing rapidly. According to wsts, China and China, US$ 456.3 billion, with a composite growth rate of 6.13%.
Data show that, between 2016 and 2021, the market size of the integrated circuit industry in mainland China increased from 43.36 billion yuan to 103.48 billion yuan, with a compound growth rate of 19.00 per cent. In the context of increased demand for data centre equipment, the expansion of 5g commercial belts, and the continued intellectualization of vehicles, the integrated circuit industry is expected to continue to improve.
Overseas producers have accumulated a certain industrial head effect, and our home-made chips are on the run. The head-line effect of the integrated circuit industry is more evident, with Intel, Hightower, representing a small number of international giants, taking the dominant position in the market. The global integrated circuit market is now dominated by United States, European, Japanese, and Korean firms.
According to, our integrated circuit industry started late, but in recent years our integrated circuit industry has improved considerably in terms of both structure and size. Since 2010, with our continued increase in the global market share of smartphones and national support for semiconductor industries, we have benefited from the maturity and maturity of artificial intelligence, big data, 5g, etc.
With the spread of products and the growing maturity of the industrial environment for talent, technology and capital, the potential for global semiconductor industry to become autonomous to the domestic Chinese core is becoming increasingly important, and the IT industry has continued to move forward.
Since the beginning of 2018, the Secretary-General has made public statements or statements on several occasions, emphasizing the importance of autonomy and national support for the industry. Deputy Minister Wang Jiangping revealed to the press in March 2019 that he was a “chip helper”
Cheng, the People’s Daily also published Niang Guangnan Houseman’s article, “Autonomous Access to Cyber Security for Prosecutions”, which reflects the importance attached to autonomy at the national level. At the local level, since 2019, local governments have frequently issued incentives for the development of the letter-making industry. Since 2021, following the start of the party’s political initiative, there have been three major operators.
And financial institutions, including banks, continue to conduct a collection of domestically produced servers, which shows that the business is moving on, and the chip is the fundamental hardware base of the business, and its importance is highlighted. Unlike other industries, it has a significant “bunk effect” on the domestic production of infrastructure, which is a nationalization of any link in the “hardware-software-service” chain.
The lack of capacity will slow down the development of the entire autonomous system. The chip, which is the bottom of the entire t-economy, provides arithmetic support for the entire computer system, working closely with the top operating system to achieve the system's basic deployment, control and resource support, which is the backbone of the entire national system of innovation, which is my country.
The policy was drawn up to protect the growth of home-grown chip producers. Integrated circuits, as the foundation and core of the information industry, are strategic, foundational, leading industries for the economic and social development of the country, given by the state.
With a view to promoting the development of our integrated circuit industry and enhancing its capacity for innovation and international competitiveness, the State has put in place a series of incentives and supportive policies to create good two-sea-light information for the integrated circuit industry: a national product, cpu, with a strong market for industrial innovation.
2.1 The continued high performance, the validation of industry landscape and its own strength, increases in sealight information revenues and profits, and high growth in credit-rich trends reflect the industry’s performance. Sealight information is a small number of integrated circuit design firms in the country that also have the capability to develop high-end generic processors and co-processors.
In 2016-2021, the combined increase in sea light information income was 257 per cent, and in 2021 it reached 2.31 billion yuan, an increase of 126 per cent in the same year; In 2021, the first year of net return profits was positive, reaching 327 million yuan. The high performance rate of 2022h1 continued, with income growth of 2022h1 increasing at approximately 343 per cent, and net return increased at about 1241 per cent.
690% of the revenue ends are mainly due to the steady production of sealight chip series, with a steady increase in the volume of goods delivered, which well meets the demand for products from different customers; strong market demand and good sales; and successful execution of hand orders in the prior period. The profit ends, coupled with higher incomes and the growing maturity of the company’s internal management, have led to a significant increase in net profits from the company’s return and net profits from the deduction of the company’s non-return.
The product technology is in the lead and has hundreds of patents. 1) According to the Sealight Information Repository, the performance of the company ' s first, second-generation cpu and first-generation dccu products has reached the level of the same type of mainstream high-end processor internationally, and is in the lead domestically, with sealight 7285cpu ' s specpu2017 performance and international lead chip.
The overall measured performance of the mainstream processor products published by the enterprise intel during the same period is comparable. (2) The commercial applications of sealight dcu are now being implemented and will be used extensively in the future in applications such as large-scale data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, and indicators 1 are well calculated to reach the international level of high-end products of the same type. 3) Companies have carried out systematic IP layouts in high-end processors and related fields.
As of 31 December 2021, the company had intellectual property rights (IPRs) authorizing 179 patents (of which 136 were patents), 154 copyrights for software and 81 exclusive rights for integrated circuit layout design. 4) In a horizontal comparison with national cpu and foreign mainstream cpu, it can be seen that the main indicators of the sealight are in the main index.
At the top of the list, and at the same time inheriting the x86 system, there is an advantage in the server market. 2.2 cpu/dpu two-way strike, based on the ecological advantages of the x86 system 1) Sealight cpu: compatible x86 command set, processor performance parameters are comparable to those of the same international mainstream processor.
(ii) Sealight dcu: a typical application scenario with an ability indicator to reach the international level of high-end products of the same type. Sealight dcu is mainly oriented towards a calculated cluster of applications such as large data processing, commercial computing, and an accelerated area of artificial intelligence and general artificial intelligence.
Series cpu products are used mainly for workstations and peripheral computing servers; at the same time, sealight 8000 series dcu products are produced on a small scale and tested in several industries. Price system: cpu 7000 series averaged over $8,000 per unit in 2021, and dcu averaged nearly 20,000 per unit in 2021
In terms of cpu, the company accepts a separate special price application for the project using a marketing strategy that is common to the industry, based on the number of purchases made by the user, which gives different sales discounts across the steps. For strategic competitive projects, product-fit import projects, product promotion, etc., the company will use the special price to determine the sale price.
On the basis of the end-user project requirements, based on the market price of the same product, the dcu product series is measured using a separate, negotiated pricing method. The output volume is calculated by extrapolating the sum of cpu, dpu, or more than half a million items in 2021. On the basis of different models and average unit prices, we measure the approximate volume of each model, and the volume of the 7000 series in 2019-2021 is drawn from about 50,000 pieces.
According to the Sealight Information Repository, the volume of internal x86 chip shipments in 2019-2021 was estimated to be about 645, 698, and 76.62 million, respectively, and the company 2019-2021 cpu totaled about 9, 23,561, which represents an increasing proportion of domestic X86 chip shipments.
(Note: Here, based on different models of income and average unit prices, we measure the approximate volume of each model, which is easy to analyse, and not accurate.) Product R & D is moving forward, and high-level products are emerging. Sealight information is based on “sale generation, authenticated generation, research generation.”
Production research and development strategy, the company has developed a research and development environment and processes for high-end processors, product performance has been upgraded from generation to generation, and high-end processor products have been developed that can be applied to servers and workstations. According to the sealight information collection manual, the sealight cpu series products have been commercialized, the sealight I and sealight II have been certified by the laboratory, and the sealight IV is in the research and development phase;
The technological advances are backed by continuous investment in research and development, with research and development costs totalling more than $1.6 billion in 2018-2021, 136 patents in 2021, 154 software copyrights, and intellectual property rights such as the design of 81 integrated circuit plans.
As at 31 December 2021, the company had 1,031 research and development technicians, representing 90.20 per cent of the total number of companies and 65.53 per cent of the total number of employees with master ' s degrees and above.
3.1 Profit projection assumptions and business splits: 17,000 series: The demand for finance, telecommunications, etc. is expected to continue to be released, while companies continue to expand and demand for the 7,000 series is expected to rise.
In the first half of 2022, the company disclosed its performance (up by 300 per cent in 2022h1 camp, net profit return, etc.) that the proportion of manufactured purchases in countries such as parent businesses has increased rapidly, while companies have a higher share in priority purchases such as operators.
In the first batch of Chinese mobile pc servers, 2021-2022, the rate of national production has exceeded 40%, and the sea light has accounted for 20% of the total; in 23-24, the rate of increase is 30-40%, mainly considering that the replacement of national production will continue to increase and the company base will continue to rise at the same time.
Downstream cooperation is stable, and we expect a steady increase in the Māori rate as the product matures and the market continues to rise, with a) 5000 series: 5,000 series of low- and middle-end servers for major users, 2020 entry into dedicated project 3) 3,000 series: 3,000 series mainly for workstations and peripheral computing servers, 2021 entry
Specialized catalogues, which benefit from the continued advancement of party-based innovation; with the rapid rise in technology diffusion, such as 5g, cloud computing, the rapid increase in the share of domesticized procurement in countries such as finance, operators, party politics, and the demand for 5g, cloud-based computing, taking into account that national production substitution will continue to advance, and 5g, cloud-based computing, which is still on the rise, while the corporate base continues to grow.
In terms of Māori, business models are relatively stable, upstream and downstream cooperation and ecology are relatively stable, so unit prices are expected to remain relatively stable; as firms mature, we expect gross revenues of about 240 million dollars by the year. Given that the demand for dpu in the national production replacement process will continue to be released, companies will continue to do so.
In the face of both industry and party politics, the revenues are expected to grow in parallel with the expansion of the company's market. (1) Cost of sales: the company is in a high, long-term situation and has a constant demand to expand its market. Therefore, the absolute amount of sales inputs is expected to remain strong, but given the progressive maturity of the company's distribution channels, sales are expected to take place.
Companies will continue to invest in R & D in order to maintain product competitiveness, but in view of the fact that the company's core products are largely mature and that multiple core product lines are basically shaped, there will be a degree of control over the overall R & D investment in the future, and it is expected that the research will take place in view of the fact that the company is engaged in chip operations while facing the great opportunity of national substitution, and therefore from the business to the bottom.
The company is a leading company in the field of cpu design in the country, which continuously accelerates autonomous R & D and is in charge of product performance.
In the larger trend of national production substitution, firms are expected to continue to benefit from the risk of increased competition in the banking, operator, etc. 1) sector. There are now more competitors in the cpu sector in the country, and future patterns of industry are likely to change, thereby creating a risk for firms.
2. Risks of fluctuations in the industry’s climate. National production substitution is a trend, but there is a certain degree of uncertainty about the specific rhythm, and there is uncertainty about the pace of domestic production replacement, as customers, such as finance, often depend on their own needs. 3) The risks of changes in the industry’s technology routes. cpu is a highly technology-intensive industry, with more technology in the industry.
There are risks associated with the possibility of changes in industry patterns due to technological innovations and changes in technology paths, as well as relatively rapid changes in technology pathways.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.