Increase in sea light (688041.sh) of the Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) (first rating)
National product cpu leads, accelerating the break-through of high-end markets, three major core drivers: 1) End demand expansion, global cloud surges and data centre construction will drive server sales to continue growing, and idc conservative projections will generate hundreds of billions of cpu chips for servers.
Markets; 2) Competition for accelerated server chips in major overseas plants, intel,amd,nvidia in clouds, marginal calculations, businesses, governments, operators, and accelerated competition and overlaps, bringing the server semiconductor market to a 20% compound growth rate in 2021-2035; 3) “Digital economy” and “East-West” guess
The performance and availability of national production servers and national production server chips is constantly being validated. The company’s core advantage is: 1)cpu performance advantages are clear: x86 is the main server structure and has a business.
The best ecological support and up to 88%-90% of the city, the company ' s cpu product, based on the X86 structure, the multi-product performance of large plants like intel, amd, etc., has been successfully imported into a number of domestic service providers; 2) gpgpu is a national leader: the company ' s product is well calculated at the same level as the international level
The level of end-products, compatible with the "Cuda class" environment, and the ecological abundance of hardware and software, which can be used in large quantities, were commercialized in 2021 in the fields of processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, etc. Growth space: according to idc data, Chinese X86 servers will deliver 525.2 million in 2025
We expect the domestic market to reach 15,756,000 chips in 2025, $31,511 million in market space and 19% in 22-25. We believe that the first areas of national production substitution are mainly in government agencies, institutions, and core companies.
In 2025, the national product pc+server end of cpu could reach 5.543 billion and the rapid upswing of gpgpu, and we expect the company to collect cagr close to 50% over the next three years.
The billions are used mainly for the development of generic processors, co-processors, advanced processor technology research and development centres, science and technology and development reserve funds.
Downstream demand falls short of expectations; product overlaps fall short of expectations; risk of further sanctions; company without real control; financial investors out of original shareholders; stock release; and so on. First, three core growth drivers.
1.1 The construction of the data centre drives the long-term growth of the server market, according to the information provided by the application material, the volume of data generated by the machine exceeded the amount of data created by humans for the first time in 2018, increasing by almost multiples per year from 2019 to 2020.
Petabyte = 1000 terabytes; 1 terabyte = 1000 ggabytes) 89% of the data increase in yotabyte over five years. This huge data increase, which makes it impossible to process analysis manually, must be filtered, analysed, trained and pushed using a variety of high-speed artificial intelligence chips.
R, this will continue to drive high-speed Hbm storage below 7 nm, 3dnand, cpu, ai gpu, fpga, the needs of network chip crystallizers, and the needs of hand-in-hand microchips such as power management chips, pciegen 4/5retimer, etc.
The global cloud, which drives the server chip to a market of hundreds of billions. According to idc data, the global server market reached $10.75 billion in 2021, compared to $10.75 billion in 2021, after a low increase in capital spending by global Internet companies in 2019 and a new global crown epidemic in 2020.
It's 13.99% long, and it's going back to double digits again after 2018. While we see semiconductor cities experiencing external shocks such as high inflation, falling capital spending, slowing end demand, etc., end-users in the service market are either stabilizing or increasing capital spending on servers.
The centre will remain stable capital spending, subject to fixed product replacement cycles and efficiency gains in the "cloud" at the enterprise level. Large firms will increase their input on marginal servers, metacosystems, supercomputers, and cloud servers, which will be driving the server market fast.
With $1 billion, or 10.7 per cent, cagr, with cpu in different applications accounting for about 20-50 per cent of the cost, a 20-per-cent conservative forecast of global investment in servers will generate a 200-billion-dollar market for server chips.
Figure 2: Global server sales and acceleration (in billions of United States dollars) in 2014-2026e End demand continues to expand and industry climates rise. We deconstruct the demand for server terminals into three parts: cloud computing, operators, and government and business.
The growth of cloud computing operations and the construction of data centres are one of the major factors driving the growth of server sales. In recent years, csp and mdc manufacturers, represented by large domestic and international Internet plants, have responded to the growing demand for cloud operations and the consequent storage, operation, etc.
Investments in data centres, servers, and basic network facilities have been increased. According to the financial reports disclosed by companies, cloud computing has become one of the main sources of revenue for the Internet.
There are far more manufacturers than domestic head producers. Capital spending by foreign head producers has been around $20 billion in recent years, while capital spending by Amazonians has reached $61 billion, and by the same time, capital spending by the representatives of domestic head enterprises, Ali Baba and Tseng, has been around $4-6 billion.
By the same speed, Google and Microsoft have gradually returned to or near pre-epidemiological levels. The Amazon is growing at a very clear cyclical rate, which we judge to be related to the server replacement cycle, but we can see that the growth center of each cycle is gradually moving upwards and is expected to increase in 2021.
At the bottom of the speed, and the next boom will occur in 2023, the size of Amazon’s capital spending may be close to $100 billion. Facebook has been spending more than 100 per cent on the same scale for four consecutive years because of the overall layout of the metaspace, vr/ar, and cloud services.
For their part, domestic producers, which are represented by Ali and Tseng, are experiencing a period of structural transition and the Internet industry as a whole is moving towards a healthier business model, so that when business development becomes a bottleneck, the business strategy is driven by the need to reduce efficiency gains.
Various transformations based on cloud services will be focused and confident that they will contribute well in the future. According to the Chinese cloud computing market report released by Canalys, China’s cloud infrastructure market reached $27.4 billion in 2021, with cagr in the next five years.
As a result, the demand for servers by domestic cloud computing firms will remain largely stable, and the home-grown server chip is expected to gradually enter the certification list.
1.2 Large overseas firms competed for accelerated server chip overlaps, but the market for semiconductor servers grew by 202023 by 202023 by 20 per cent.25 This also increased demand, as did estimates of a significant increase in the size of chips in Intel7 and in cpu at md5nm.
Cost and price increases, pciegen 5retimer, and ddr5, ddr5 memory interfaces The introduction of chips has an incremental and price-added effect on each server chip.
We believe that in the next 10 years, the global server semiconductor growth will be significantly higher than that of the server plant, with an average of 10-15 points and a global server semiconductor market with a combined growth rate of 20 per cent in 2021-2035 (4-5 per cent cagr from global servers, 2-3 per cent cagr from each set).
The number of server chips has increased, with 12-14% cagr coming from an increase in the average unit price of chips. According to estimates from the US semiconductor equipment tap, the value of semiconductor chips per server will double from 2020 to 2025 to $5,600 globally, equivalent to 20% of the five-year compound increase.
Intel7sapphirerapids: Intel's new generation server core, which delivered small quantities in March of this year.
After chiplets, the entire core of 56-80 is estimated to be 1488 mm2, which is about three times the size of the previous generation's lcelake product, so the price should be about three times as high as that of lceake, and we thought that because of the core, the size of the chip was too large, the rate was poor, the cost was high, the abf board was missing.
We still find it difficult for Intel to recover its share of the amd lost over the past two years by 2022.
So why doesn't Intel design its cpu as a microchip structure, and we're looking at it as having 2,4 or 8 mainframe versions of the ccusocket slot for the main intel, and if each Chiplet cpu had eight chips, the eight cpu hostboards would have been there.
The 64 chips are connected, the cpu and cpu, the chip communicates with the chip through the azei channel (ultrapathinterconnect, with maximum transmission speed of 16 gt/s), and the aupi Ken will be a bottleneck between the cpu chips. At the same time, Intel combines two ddr5s.
Control chip to a chip (tile), four chips are eight storage channels, and if eight chips, each chip is too small to accommodate two ddr5 storage access control chips, which is also a bottleneck. And md puts the memory control chip on the central i/o control chip.
So it doesn't matter how many chips a cpu plus. And, in the end, the server's structure is mainly based on one or two servers, ccusocket slots, and if there are eight chips (tiles) for each chiplet, only 16 chips are connected to each other in the two cpu mainframe.
Tsmc5nmgenoa: Even if the size of the md from the 7nm server micromilan to the 5nm cpu core chip has increased significantly by 40% to the core core chip of the 96 core 828mm2cpu, the size of the 8 core chip has decreased from 74mm2 to 69mm2.
i/o control chip from 14 nm416mm2 area of globalfoundries to 263mm2 of 6nm power, but the overall chip area (with total cpu core chip and i/o control chip) was also increased by 8 points and the abf large board area was also due to the need for additional casket numbers (socket foot)
From 7 nmlga 4094 to 5nmlga 6096), the number has increased by at least 20%. We estimate that the sum of the chip sapphirepides and genoa in the fourth quarter of 2022 has the opportunity to account for more than 15% of the global volume of cpu from the x86 server, and that the unit price rises easily above 10 points.
Ia server pushed up the Invelda Cloudai chip requirements: these years, because the Nvidia Inveda gpu was heavily used in an artificially intelligent cloud recognition system, with two high-speed gpu cards per server, four to eight gpu cards, allowing Nvidia ' s share in the data centre chip market
From less than 10% in 2018-2019 to more than 20% in 2021, the global A.I.V. service ratio also rose to nearly 10% in 2021, but in terms of the ai reasoning and training accelerator alone, the share of Yvesta should be more than 95%.
Although up to 812mm2, with a maximum power consumption of 700w, it is clearly better than its colleagues at the floating point of half-precision, single-precision, double-precision and theoretical peaks, and in order to make H100's dgx artificial intelligence system effective, it is also equipped with a very expensive 320-640gbbm (high frequency width)
RAM) for algpu, in order to control the use of expensive hbm so that the total cost is not out of control, Weida decided that armcpu (grace), which was put from his home in early 2023, could be shared by cpu/gpu in conjunction with its high-speed Nvlink communication network (500gb/sec transmission rate)
The ddr4/5/hbm memory is fast-forward (cachecoherency), and we think which company will be the first to launch the i server to cachecoherency, which is one of the winning points for the future i server competitors.
Intel's share of pushing aigpu: the Aigpu accelerator that Intel is about to launch this year, ponte vecchio (100 billion transistors, 47 chips, tsmc5nmx16, 8 core = 128 cores, coupled with two sapphirapidscpu artificial smart server systems that need to be huge.
ddr5dram and hbmdram. Unlike Nvidia, nevlink, md's infinity fabric are unique technology containment structures that cannot be applied to the connection of chips other than cpu and gpu, the cxl supported by intel can eliminate cpu from the device, cpu from the memory.
Transfer bottlenecks to create an interface that can support ai, smarti/o, smartnic, cpu, memory module to serve the next generation of data centres. Unfortunately, cxl is currently based on a physical and electronic layer of pciegen 5.0 and currently pciegen5/cxl is available at the highest possible level.
64gb/s two-way transmission rate with 400gb/s in nvlink and 400gb/s infinityfabric, possibly waiting for pciegen6/cxl technology of 128gb/s
The Intel partnership with Alibaba, Cisco, Dale, emc, ibm, Facebook, Google, Hewlett-Packard, Hwa, and Microsoft announced the opening of a co-optexpresslink (cxl) partnership, which is now in the hands of the design progress of Nvlink, infinityfabricretimer.
It still seems very difficult to reach cachecoherency before Intel. Chart 15: Cxl technology uses “Digital economy” and “East-West accounting” to promote national production of servers in the core industry market.
The digital economy is a completely new national strategy that has been proposed in recent years, and as the process of digital transformation of industries has accelerated, the resulting data has grown exponentially, and arithmetic has become a nuclear factor in the digital economy, and the transmission, storage and computation of data are closely linked to servers.
The 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan, published by the State Council, clearly states that the core industry of the digital economy will increase by 10% of its share of gdp. In May 2021, several ministries co-authored a proposal for Kyoto, Long Triangle, Hong Kong, Australasia, Chengjing, as well as Guizhou, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Ningxia, etc.
The geolocation builds a national node for an integrated national network of numeracy. Any process of building data and arithmetic is dependent on the server, which we believe is expected to increase significantly from the policy level for national servers and server chips with the start of the process of `East and West'.
Figure 17: Digital economic policies at the national level in recent years The penetration of national production servers by operators, governments and businesses has been driven mainly by the creation of a network of eight major sectors. At the national level, the 2+8 system, “2” represents the party, the government, and the government.
“8” is the eight main sectors that represent the livelihood of the nation: finance, electricity, telecommunications, oil, transportation, education, medical care, and aerospace. Party organs are the leading sheep in the creation of the nation, and according to the number of one think tanks, the most advanced in the application of the innovation is party politics, with 7.01% in the field.
In industry, the financial sector was the first industry to move forward with IT applications and was also the fastest-growing industry, with a rate of 29.55 per cent in practice, followed by telecommunications and electricity.
The collection project has become one of the most important drivers in increasing the penetration of the server chips. Reviewing the history of the telecommunications industry, the three major carriers, telecommunications, mobile, connectivity, etc., opened up over 20 billion collector projects with 318724 servers, including the countries of accounting, in 2020.
The number of production servers was 89833, or more than 20%. Compared to 2020, the three major operators increased the size of the servers in 2021, and the share of domestic servers was estimated to be 151287, a further increase from 20% the previous year.
2.1 is based on a x86 structure, with a clear cpu performance advantage, and currently there are a wide variety of server processor products with different performances and functions.
There are two main camps, the first being the complex command set (cisc) cpu, which is represented by intel, md, and the other is the streamlined command set (risc)cpu, which is represented by arm, ibm, including structures such as arm, mips, powerpc, and rrisc-v.
The two sets of instructions are based on different concepts: the complex set of commands contains a rich set of instructions, and the design concept is that a directive can be used to perform all loading, evaluation and storage operations, thereby increasing the overall speed of operation and overall cpu performance. The idea of streamlining the set of commands is to simplify the command function of the computer.
Retain only simple instructions that can be achieved in a single cycle, transforming complex calculations and instructions into sub-programs that are completed by basic instructions.
The x86 command set has the best industrial ecological support in the industry, and a very large number of servers, hardware equipment and software systems in operation and under development are based on or compatible with the 86 command set. The company, in collaboration with the md, acquired the core technology of the x86 processor design, entering the x86 processor design collar.
In the domain, a product of a national X86 architecture processor that meets the needs of Chinese users and combines three main features of “ecological, performance, and safety” is developed. Sealight cpu has excellent product performance, good system compatibility, and high system safety.
Excellent product performance. The branch forecast algorithm was improved using advanced processor microstructures and cache layers, resulting in a significant increase in the number of instructions to be implemented per clock cycle; With advanced soc structures and tablets on the web, the sea light cpu collection became the core of more processors;
With advanced process processes and physical design methods, high-frequency (HF) design of processors has been achieved, resulting in excellent product performance of sealight cpu products. Good system compatibility. Sealight cpu can be compatible with mainstream domestic and foreign operating systems, databases, databases, etc.
Basic software, such as intermediates, and a wide range of industry applications. Higher system security. Sealightcpu has effectively enhanced data security and the safety of the computing environment by expanding security algorithms, integrated security algorithms, etc.
▪ Global markets x 86 are far ahead of the market and are expected to remain at 88% 90% in 22-26 years. x86 was first seen in the 1978 Intel 8086 central processor, starting earlier than the competitors, and hardware and hardware were rich in ecological support.
Data from idc show global sales of X86 servers at $82.65 billion in 2020, an increase of 3.31 per cent, or 90.8 per cent of total server sales. Global sales of servers in 2020 were as follows:
11.802 million, an increase of 1.82 per cent, of which x86 structures accounted for 97.30 per cent.x86 remains the main server architecture, with client hardware and software systems, power systems, and heat radiation systems all designed with a combination of x86 structures, and clients will not easily undertake large-scale platform conversions.
The server chips of the arm and rrisc structures, which are currently in the small-scale production and validation phase, cannot be imported into the terminal in large quantities within a short period of time, according to the three- to five-year server replacement cycle for cloud service providers and data centres. We therefore expect that the market share of the x86 structures will continue over the next five years.
Figure 23: The structure of server sales from 2014 to 2020 is growing at a faster rate than the global rate, with the second largest market segment. According to idc data, China ' s market achieved $21.87 billion in sales of X86 servers in 2020, an increase of 16.5 per cent.
In 2020, China’s market x 86 servers increased by 34.39 million, an increase of 8.1 per cent over the same period, an increase equal to the global rate of 1.82 per cent. With China’s market x 86 servers expected to reach 5,255,000, cagr 8.8 per cent.
In terms of sales, the current global share of the Chinese market is about 26.5 per cent, with data from gvr and gme showing that the highest rates are currently in North America at about 40 per cent, but the Asia-Pacific region will have the highest growth rate in cagr. Therefore, we judge that the domestic market for X86 servers still has much room for upswing.
Figure 24: 2014-2025e Chinax86 server loads and speeds (in 10,000 units) Low penetration of home-grown server chips corresponding to large national production replacement space. According to data disclosed by idc, Chinese market servers are currently dominated by dual-circuit servers. Since 2016, dual-circuit servers have been used as servers.
The proportion of servers has declined from 11.3 per cent in 2016 to 6.6 per cent in 2020, while the share of four servers in the market has increased from 80 per cent to 88.8 per cent in 2020. Intel and amd together account for more than 95 per cent of the market share, and the city of Intel has a significant share.
The first competitor, md, has a 3.75% share of the market, the national product x86 server chip is in the hands of the company, and most of the market is occupied by the company. The company’s products are now recognized by well-known server manufacturers in countries like Xinhua, Xinhua, and others, and many servers based on the sealight processor have been developed and powered.
In the future, companies will benefit from a shift in the supply chain from the available to the good, with the company ' s product iterative performance continuously compared to that of shoulder-to-back international, while the company ' s product lines will expand from high-end server chips to medium-to-low-end chips, promising to be huge.
Figure 26: 2016-2025e Chinax86 server chips delivered to companies based in mainland China, with a better understanding of the needs of Chinese customers than foreign manufacturers, able to provide more secure controlled products and more comprehensive and detailed operational maintenance services with a capital.
The company has been highly recognized by its users, and its products have been widely used in key sectors such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, transport, and national critical information infrastructure. The company has taken the lead in completing high-end generic processor and co-processing product success slides in the country and has achieved this.
Commercial applications. The company’s product performance is at the international level of the same type of mainstream high-end processor, and it is at the forefront of the country. In addition to the Sealight cpu, the main cpu manufacturers in foreign countries are intel, md, and the domestic cpus are mainly Heith, dragon core, mega-chip, fly-toe, Shinwe, etc.
Figure 27: Comparison of national cpu chips, compared to overseas producers, shows that the sea light performance is comparable and has been successfully imported into a number of national producers. Selection of Intel ' s series of six paragraphs to platinum gold published in 2020 (the same period as the sealight 7285)
Products (capable of reflecting the performance level of the mainstream cpu product released by Intel in 2020) compared performance with sealight 7285 (using the internationally used test program speccpu 2017 test data). As can be seen, sealight 7285cpu speccpu2017
The mainstream processor product released in the same time as the international leading chip design firm Intel has been on board with the sea light cpu chip since 2018 by a number of well-known domestic server manufacturers, such as Waves, Convergence, Xinhua San, and the other parties, and has been successfully applied to business banks and Chinese banks.
Clients in the financial sector, such as China ' s oil, China ' s petrochemicals, etc., have been widely used in the data centre class of telecom operators. 2.2 gpgpu leads the country.
gpu was originally designed to improve computer handling of data such as graphics, images, videos, etc., and to solve the problem of cpu's inefficiency in the graphic image field. As gpu's performance advantages in parallel calculations are gradually emerging and the range of applications in parallel are gradually expanding, gpu is gradually being separated.
Two branches, a traditional gpu, which continues to be used exclusively for graphic image processing, with special operating modules such as video decoding acceleration engines, 2d acceleration engines, 3d acceleration engines, image rendering, etc.; and a branch such as gpgpu, which is used as a modem processor and for different applications.
The demand for the domain has increased the specialized vectors, stretches, matrix instructions, and enhanced the accuracy and performance of float-point calculations to meet the needs of different computing scenarios. gpgpu can provide a strong, efficient, parallel computing capability, which is widely used in areas such as artificial intelligence, commercial computing, large data processing, etc.
In recent years, with the development of new technologies such as artificial intelligence and data mining, the integrated circuit industry has come to a stage where data centres are leading the development process, the computation and processing of big data will be a large-scale volume calculation of the new dynamic energy that will drive the development of the integrated circuit industry.
Highlighting demand, the extensive application of high parallel deep learning algorithms in areas such as visual, speech and natural language processing has led to an exponential increase in computing capacity needs. According to Cisco, the number of global data centre loads in 2021 will be more than twice as high as in 2016, not from 2016.
By 2.5 million load tasks to nearly 5.7 million loads in 2021, this will also drive the construction of cloud data centres worldwide, super data centres to accelerate, and Cisco expects to have 628 more computing superdata centres by 2021.
The continued diffusion and application of artificial intelligence algorithms, as well as the growing demand for commercial computing and large-scale data processing, have led to a growing demand for computational acceleration hardware for data centres worldwide.
Revenues amounted to only $340 million in 2015, with a high rate of growth to $6.7 billion in 2020, and between 2015 and 2020, the average annual compound growth rate of Nvidia data centre operations was 81.52 per cent, which grew at a much faster rate than income growth in other nvidia sector operations.
The rapid growth in the centre’s operating income reflects the fact that the downstream data centre market is currently at a rapid stage of technological and demand convergence for applications in the field of artificial intelligence in the pan- artificial intelligence class, and is gradually developing a predominantly gpgpu solution in terms of accelerated operation.
According to data from the Institute of Business Studies, China’s artificial intelligence chip market will continue to grow at an average annual rate of 40 to 50%, and will reach 78.5 billion yuan by 2024. As artificial intelligence-related technology advances, the application landscape will become more diverse, gpgpu
The advantages of good interoperability and well-developed software ecosystems will be further demonstrated as mainstream solutions in this area.
It is designed on the basis of large-scale parallel calculations of microstructures, not with a strong ability to calculate double-precision floats, but also with an equally excellent performance in single, semi-precision, orthopaedic calculations, which is a universal association with a strong computing performance and energy efficiency.
High-bandwidth memory chips on the sealight dcu integrator can provide excellent data-processing capabilities during large-scale data calculations, allowing sealight dcu to be adapted for a wide range of applications.
By participating in open-source software projects, companies speed up the diffusion of their products and achieve compatibility with them.
Compatibility of the gpgpu mainstream development platform.
Producers compare high-end gpu products (model a100) with high-end gpu products (model mi100) from md. In a typical application scenario, companies calculate the number one indicator to reach international levels of the same type of high-end products.
Data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, etc. 2.3x86 server, alternative market space for domestic production, estimated to be $36.24 billion for domestic x86 server sizes of cpu. idc data,
Based on the distribution of x86 servers and x86 servers, the Chinese market x86 servers, in 2020, produced about 6.981 million chips. Assuming the average number of x86 servers by 2025, it is 3.
The Chinese market x 86 server chips are projected to reach 15,756,000 in 2025, corresponding to $31,511 million in space and 19 per cent in 22-25 and 32 per cent in 22-25. We believe that there is an alternative space for domestic production in the server sector.
It is expected that government agencies, institutions, and core companies will take the lead. The figures are: according to the Human Resources and Social Security Development Statistics Bulletin for 2015, issued by the Ministry of Human and Social Welfare in 2016, there are 7,167,000 civil servants in China.
The number of civil servants is 8 million. According to the National Statistical Office, the number of employed persons in State-owned establishments in 2020 was 5,563,000, mainly in government agencies and institutions, and, according to the National Statistical Institute, after the elimination of the Institute for Education, Health & Social Security and Social Welfare, the number of employed persons in State-owned establishments in 2020 was 5.56 million.
The total number of employed persons in each unit is 3,032,000, so it is assumed that the number of employees in the company and in the industry is expected to be one pc per person, pc to server configuration ratio of 10:1, based on the 3000 series, pc endcpu is worth 1,000 yuan per piece, and service end: the sealight is currently the highest.
At the end of 7200 chips asp11,000 and at the lower end $7100asp4,000, the overall server cpu is at an average cost of approximately $8,000 per unit. 20 per cent of servers and 20 per cent of national X86 servers are replaced by state-owned enterprises and institutions.
Then it is estimated that the national production of pc+server cpu replacement space is expected to be 24.28 billion yuan in 2022, expected to reach 55.43 billion yuan in 2025, cagr research and development with 3.1 cpu in 22-25, with a new growth in the dcu layout.
Main camp high-end processor. Sealight information was established in 2014 to develop, design and sell high-end processors in computing and storage equipment.
Depending on the area of application, the technology route and product characteristics, the company’s main product consists of a series of cpu and dcu. The company’s research and development at multiple cores has progressed significantly and is now in possession of the core microstructure design of the high end processor, the high end processor soc architecture, processor safety,
During the reporting period, companies undertook two national and three major provincial science and technology projects.
The technology licensing agreement was signed in the course of the year, with two joint ventures receiving technology and software licences related to the amd high-end processors.
The company invested annually in a new generation of cpu research and development from 2016 to 2019. 1) Sealight I cpu: product design, based on anmd-authorized technology, was launched in March 2016 and produced in April 2018. 2) Sealight II cpu: core microstructure based on Sealight I
Optimization, R & D launched in July 2017, and production in January 2020. 3) Sealight III cpu: Base Designed and optimized core and film network microstructures on the Sealight II, combined with new process nodes, R & D started in February 2018 and is now in the laboratory validation phase. 4) Sealight IV cpu:
In July 2019, R & D was launched. Dcu Products launched R & D in October 2018, and now has its first direct sale, supported by sales. The company’s clients are mainly domestic servers and IT firms.
The company’s front-loading market has been dominated by direct sales of server vendors, with a larger number of small and medium-sized customers experimenting, purchasing the company’s products, and using the distributor model to meet this share of operating income. Since 2019, the company has expanded its sales base, gradually expanding the company’s a,
The sales revenue is still concentrated on the top five clients, but the ratio is still declining, given the length of the processor’s main board, server development, and the process of small batch trials after the product is marketed.
In 2019, companies benefited from the greater demand for procurement for the SIAC “simulator devices” project, reaching 50% in the education sector and falling to 5.90% in the education sector in the company in 2021.
In 2019, the promotion of companies in the Internet, transport and telecommunications sectors began to bear fruit, with a 3.2-per-cent gain in revenue, high-intensity R & D inputs, increased field development and the successful opening of new customers, and increased demand from server manufacturers for national cpu.
2) At the supply end: in 2020, Sealight II series was produced, and in 2021, the chip 1 was refined to meet the increased capacity of clients. 2) Corporate R & D funds were invested, multiple equity incentives were introduced and larger shares were identified
(iii) Market demand grew faster in 2021, and the volume of the dcu product was marketed, and the gross  sealight cpu product consisted of 7,000 series, 5,000 series and 3,000 series. The 7,000 series is intended for high-end servers, the 5000 series is mainly for mid- and low-end servers, and the 3,000 series.
Mainly applied to workstations and peripheral computing servers. In 2019-2021, 7,000 series products accounted for 85.70 per cent, 76.91 per cent and 65.01 per cent respectively, with the largest share of contributions, but with some stabilization; 3,000 series of products benefited from increased market demand for domestically produced workstations in 2021.cpu
In the first half of 2021, a series of 8000 sea light products was produced on a small scale and tested in a number of industries, resulting in sales revenue of a certain scale in the second half of 2021. The amortization of intangible assets as a share of revenue fell; 2) supply chain constraints led to prices of raw materials
The rise, with a relatively high price of Haiyan II, launched in 2020, is higher for Māori than for Māori I; 3) the increase in the share of the sales of Haiyang II, especially the higher Māori rate of 7200 series products in 2021, is almost the same as the average available data for industry.
With an increase in the number of research and development staff in the company, the average pay increases faster, plus.
In 2019 and 2020, companies recognized shares for $24.575 million and $11.1147 million, respectively. Compared to comparable companies in the industry, the rate of R & D input is decreasing.
3.3 Shareholdings are relatively concentrated, top management teams have a strong background and the company has no real control, with 27.96% of the company’s main shareholders being China, China and China.
Among them, the Blue Boat Partnership holds a firm of 27.96%, 10.81%, 7.21%, and 6.09%, respectively.
Barriers are the confluence of the latest research in the integrated circuits, characterized by knowledge, technology-intensive and highly demanding talent. The company has set up nearly a thousand research and development teams in Beijing, Chengdu, Suzhou, Shanghai, etc.
Most of the company’s core research and development staff have more than 20 years’ experience in high-end processors.
The fund-raising campaign is based on the company’s main business, with a view to enhancing the company’s technological development and production capacity, and is planned to be used for the development of generic processors, co-processors, advanced processor technology research and development centres, science and technology and development reserves.
Project Objective: This project plans to expand the sharing of high-speed cache capacity in the film, support advanced ddr memory, support advanced pcie standard interfaces, support high-speed cache consistency between multiple cpu chips.
Support hardware virtualization by providing complete hardware, software development platforms and tool chains. Project content: contains high-end processor core design, high-performance soc design, system security setup, testable design, advanced process physical design, multilevel low-capacity design, processor base
Investment and schedule: The total investment in this project is 28,777.5 million yuan for a three-year construction period, divided into three phases, consisting mainly of the chip front end design, backend design and streaming and post-silicon validation development of a new generation of HYDRA processors
Project objective: The project plans to improve the ecosystem of the dcu, to achieve the large-scale marketing of the new generation of PVCD products, and to achieve the performance of the international leading firms ' products in the same period. Project content: based on the availability of PVDC products, based on large data processing, artificial intelligence.
The new dcu chip architecture is designed for the most recent needs in the field of energy. For the characteristics of the dcu chip, the ip design of the chip is optimized, the power is reduced while the performance is further enhanced, and the key circuit module is customized. The company will use the parallel computing structure of the new generation of the HYDRA processors.
Basic, research and development of the corresponding compilation and development environment and tool chain: investment and schedule: total investment in the project is $18,601.3 million for a three-year construction period, with three phases, including, inter alia, architecture and software eco-design, chip front end design and validation and
Project objective: this project plans to complete forward-looking techniques for the next generation of sea light cpu and dcu
Engineering research, breaking through the core of the corporate cpu and dcu architecture, code design and functional validation, integration, testable design, high-frequency complex processor physical design for advanced processes, upgrading integration, good quality and reducing costs.
Project content: To build a strong technical team, increase the introduction of external high-level technical experts and build the capacity of in-house staff, gradually expanding the current forward-looking technology research and development team of around 100 to about 350 people.
A generation of sea light cpu and dcu chips covers the security of the supply chain. To upgrade the capability of product engineering research and development, and to upgrade the production capacity of the next generation of sea light cpu and dcu chips. To break through the compilation technology for high-sea light end processors, basic software adaptation and application software optimization techniques.
Investment and schedule: The total investment in this project is $241,394.08 million, which takes 36 months; the R & D environment is built in a gradual manner and is gradually completed within the first 30 months.
▪ Science, Technology and Development Reserves, project inputs will be used mainly in the areas of front-line technology exploration of processors, research on command architecture, standard-setting, software and hardware eco-exploitation, industry applications development, etc., in order to ensure that the issuer is compensated.
Replenishment of funding for production operations, further optimization of the asset liability structure and reduction of financial risk. V. Prospective earnings and investment proposal 7000 series chip: the company ' s 7,000 series of chips is mainly used on high-end servers, mainly in numerical orientation
According to complex applications such as central, cloud computing, which is the company's main product, the ratio of revenues in 19-21 years was: 1) based on the trend in the company's historical product of 7,100 prices, the initial price of the product was higher, and the initial price of the product was higher.
Mid- and low-end server needs in information-based construction in business and education. We appreciate the acceleration of the process of future party politics, innovation and industry, where x86, the most ecologically rich server structure, is expected to accelerate expansion in such areas as the state of the country, eight major industries, and companies are the most advanced technology in the country today.
In 2020, the company introduced a second-generation product of 5,200, which is recognized by industry clients, and the need for information in the field of enterprise and education will grow, with companies expected to benefit fully. It is expected that in June 22, the company will sell a small amount of 5100 series of products in stock at a lower price than the current sale price.
Chips of 3000 series: 3,000 series cpu products were used mainly for workstations and peripheral computing servers, and in 2021, as domestic demand environment changed, especially with the growth market for home-grown workstations. In 2020, companies introduced 3200 products for second-generation products.
With a 935 per cent increase in revenue in 2021 and a 5.91 percentage point increase in revenue relative to 2020, we expect to grow gradually with the demand for domestic workstations and marginal computing servers, companies from the 8000 series of chips: small-scale production of the company ' s 8,000 series in the first half of 2021, and
Several industries have experimented, and user feedback has worked well, and the 8,000 series of products in the second half of 2021 has now generated a certain amount of sales revenue. It is expected that the company’s 8,000 series will grow at a high rate as demand for dcu continues to rise in the field of large data processing and artificial intelligence, and as the product is updated.
The sales and management rates have been declining, but due to the rapid replacement of the cpu chip industry, the high demand for excellence and the high level of stability required of the good in-service engineers, the company as an innovation-driven firm that continues to bind talent through increased investment in R & D, we expect R & D fees over the next three years.
The use rate will remain relatively stable, while the sales and management cost rates will be phased in as a result of changes in corporate income volume, taking into account the continued high R & D input and rapid growth of the cpu chip industry in which the company is located, and the start of the national production of cpu.
The company’s market position as the cpu chip-head of the national product x86 has benefited from the digital acceleration of data centre construction, which has boosted demand for servers, server chip replacements, and industry innovations.
Downstream demand does not meet the expected risks: the company is predominantly a client of government, business, etc., and there is a risk that the industry will not grow as expected (e.g., credit creation policy will not be as high as expected), that the client will have higher product quality and service requirements, that the demand will fall short of expectations and that the client will not expand as expected.
In the high-end server area of the company, the product is fast-changing, competitions abroad are high-level R & D inputs, domestic autonomous and controlled products are fast-tracked, industry competition is increasing, and if the company’s products are not updated in a timely manner, it will affect the further development of the company.
▪ Risk of further sanctions: Prior to the company's inclusion in the United States Export Control Regulations “list of entities”, under the Export Control Regulations, the company would be restricted in the procurement and sale of “controlled items” containing a higher proportion of the United States limited technology, such as eda, p, etc., where the company is not yet part of the list
In addition, increased friction in trade and related areas in the US and China could further affect the crystalline manufacturing plant, the eda plant, if the existing eda manufacturer ' s product authorization expired, thereby preventing the company from continuing to use the eda product, and the company ' s replacement of the new eda supplier would have additional costs.
Business, ip, supports the company’s production of products or services, which has a significant negative impact on the company’s future progress in developing new products, product process upgrading, supply-chain security, etc.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that:
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment