Recommended (first-time coverage) Focus on servers and data centres, high-end processor enterprises
. Sealight Information (688041.sh): The new unit reports that Fu Changjun, Sealight Information (688041.sh) opened its requisition and issued its price on 3 August at the Science and Innovation Board.
The company is a scarce domestic X86 command set of cpu, compatible with the "cuda" environment dcu. The company acquired the X86 command set through an md authorization, mastering the high end processor core microstructure design, high end processor soc architecture design, processor security, processor certification, masters.
A number of key technologies, such as frequency and low-power processors and high-end chip-ip designs, have developed products with multiple performances at the international level of mainstream high-end processors of the same type. Products are widely used in key information infrastructure areas such as electricity, sub-policies, energy, transport, finance, and communications.
The company 's 86 command set of cpu products has three main features: "ecology, performance, security" and is extremely scarce in the context of the trend towards national production substitution.
Based on or compatible with the X86 command set. By working with the md, the company acquired core X86 processing unit technology, entered the X86 processor design field and developed cpu to meet Chinese user needs, with excellent product performance, good system compatibility and higher system security.
Global. At present, only companies and Shanghai mounds are capable of producing X86 architecture cpu. dcu products are compatible with the "Cuda class" environment and have the potential to become nvidia substitutes.
Environmental and international mainstream commercial computing and artificial intelligence software, rich in software and hardware, widely applied in applications such as large data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, and the successful entry of several Nvidia products into specialized catalogues, with a significant increase in revenue collection, which was overtaken by 1-th in 2022
By 2020, a total of $2.3 billion was collected. Because of the volume of sealight chips produced, the demand for products from different customers was better met, the market demand was strong, sales were good, and earlier hand orders were properly executed, resulting in a rapid increase in corporate operating income from losses to profitability.
In our view, in the cpu, dcu field of operations, with one of the industry’s leading global champions, amd, authorizing core technology and his own substantial R & D inputs, the production performance has been excellent, the new products have been introduced in an orderly manner, and there is a greater competitive advantage in national production substitution in the main field of business.
The company's products are domestic X86-based processors, focusing mainly on services, workstations, data centres, etc., and will continue to be raised in the future with the opening of space in the info-industry sector, moving forward with the trend towards substitution of national production in the market, and we value the company's target 20xps.
1. National high-performance processor enterprises, focused on high-end servers, two main product lines, 1.1.cpu, dcu, and the development of the new product is proceeding in an orderly manner.
Sealight Information Technology Inc. was established in 2014 to develop, design and sell high-end processors for servers and workstations. The company uses the Fables business model, which contains products including the Sealight General Processor (cpu) and the Sea Light Association Processor (dcu).
Key technologies, such as core microstructure design of the instrument, high end processor soc architecture, processor safety, processor certification, HF and low-power processor realization, high end chip ip design, have resulted in the development of products with multiple performances at the level of mainstream international high-end processors of the same type.
In July of this year, the company optimized the core microstructure on the basis of Hai Xing I, upgraded the processor's nuclear performance and safety applications, and started the development of cpu Xi II products: February 2018.
The company designed and optimized core and filmed network microstructures on the basis of the Sealight II cpu, based on the design of new process nodes and the development of the cpu sealight III; in July 2019, the company launched the development of the cpu product, Sealight IV. The dcu product line will use products similar to the sealight series cpu
The corporate cpu product compatibility X86 command set, which features the same international type of mainstream processor, has a clear advantage for the digital system. The high-end processor is the core component of modern information system equipment and plays an irreplaceable role in large-scale data processing, complex task scheduling, and logical operations.
The luminous cpu series of products, compatible with the X86 command set, as well as mainstream international operating systems and applications, are excellent, ecologically rich and safe, and are highly recognized by domestic users. Products are now widely used in important industries or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, transport, etc.
The company’s dcu-compatible “cuda-type” environment has a wide range of applications. Different application scenarios have different requirements for technical indicators such as computing performance, functionality, power consumption, etc. of high end processors. A single class processor is difficult to meet the different needs of users in the actual application process.
The generic parallel computing architecture introduced by Nvidia contains instructions (isa) for nvidiagpu and an internal parallel computing engine for gpu. Therefore, the company has developed dcu product lines depending on the field of application, technology routes, and product characteristics.
The gpgpu architecture is based on a common “cuda-type” environment, as well as mainstream international commercial computing software and artificial intelligence software, which are ecologically rich in software and hardware and can be widely applied in applications such as large-scale data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, etc.
Through a diversified product layout, the company ' s operating income has grown significantly and its revenue structure has been optimized. In 2019-2021, the company achieved operating revenues of $379 million, 10.22 million and 2.31 billion, respectively, and tested and endorsed its products in such end-of-life areas as the cagr Internet during the period.
In the second half of 2021, the company ' s 8100 series was sold for the first time, with high downstream demand and better sales.
In 2019-2021, the company accounted for a continuous annual loss due mainly to the relatively small amount of business income from the company ' s products at the beginning of the market and the relatively large investment in R & D funds that it has made so far, with multiple equity incentives and corresponding certainty for key employees.
Larger shares were recognized to be paid in 2019-2021 at a cost of 0.25 per cent, figure 3. Shareholders in the Industrial Fund dominated by sub-products of the company ' s operating income, and enabling companies developed across lines.
On 24 October 2014, Tianjin Haitai Technology Investment Management Ltd. funded the establishment of a company with limited pre-existing sealight, and since then shares have been changed several times. Prior to this release, the company’s main shareholders, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
During the reporting period, the company had no real control and the shareholders promised not to seek or compete for control of the company for 36 months from the date of its listing. In the course of the company’s development, the company’s first major shareholder changes did not have a substantial impact on the company’s management.
2. The application industry is growing at a high rate, and server demand is rising year by year. 2.1. The future of the integrated circuit market is wide. The global integrated circuit industry has been growing at a high rate in recent years.
The rapid growth in intelligence and the expansion of downstream applications has led to steady growth in global integrated circuit sales in recent years. According to World Semiconductor Trade Statistics Organization (wsts), global integrated circuit sales grew from $298.3 billion in 2010 to $555.8 billion in 2021,
The demand for integrated circuits in the domestic market is strong, growing faster than in the global market. Our integrated circuit industry has continued to grow at a high rate, although it has started at a late pace, and in recent years the integrated circuit industry has increased considerably in terms of both its structure and its size. Since 2010, with our smartphones worldwide.
The continued increase in market share has led to a strong demand for semiconductors, with an average annual compound growth rate of 19.73 per cent from 2013 to 2020 and a total sales volume of $884.8 billion by 2020, an increase from the previous year, which will continue the trend of rapid growth in our integrated circuit industry in the future.
The chip design industry is growing year by year, and the chain is moving from low to high. From the three types of industrial structure: integrated circuit design, chip manufacturing, sealing tests. ... According to data from the Institute of Pre-Visioned Industries, used in company subscriptions, in 2020, our integrated circuit design industry generated 3,778.4 revenues from sales.
Billion dollars, 23.3 per cent more than the same year, increasing their share from 32.2 per cent in 2013 to 42.7 per cent; chips, 250.61 billion yuan in manufacturing sales, 19.1 per cent more than the same, from 24.0 per cent in 2013. The industrial chain of our integrated circuit industry has gradually moved from the lower end to the higher end, demonstrating our integrated circuit.
The quality of industrial development is steadily improving. 2.2. Server market development has continued to grow at a high rate of 10.1 per cent of global server sales between 2014 and 2020.
According to idc, in 2020, as a result of the contraction of global Internet investment and the “new crown epidemic”, global server sales amounted to 12,129 million units, selling $91,02 million, an increase of 3.26 per cent and 4.37 per cent, respectively, below the previous average.
But as more economic and social activity moves from the bottom line to the line, there is a higher demand for data storage and computing power, and demand for future server markets will return to rapid growth. The x86 architecture is ecologically rich, with 91% sales on global servers.
Eco-environment has a clear advantage over other processors, so the distribution of servers for the application x86 processor is about 91% of total server sales, with sales exceeding 97%, and is a significant leader. According to idc, worldwide sales for X86 servers were recorded throughout 2020.
For $82.65 billion, an increase of 331 per cent over 2019; for global sales of 11.82 million x86 servers, an increase of 1.82 per cent over 2019.
Figure 12. Global sales of x86 servers and their speed of increase
According to idc data, China ' s X86 server market was 391,000 in 2021, an increase of 13.72%. With downstream market demand warming, the country will accelerate the construction of new infrastructure in seven major areas: 5g, industrial Internet, large data centres, artificial intelligence, etc.
Over the course of the year, the average annual compound growth rate will be 8.74%.As national cpu performance continues to improve and software ecology continues to improve, information products based on national cpu have been used in bulk.
In the area of niche markets for national production cpu, the demand for desktops and service cpus will increase significantly with the acceleration of future informatization. 2.3. The growth of data centre operations has led to an increase in the demand for gpgpu
Provide access bandwidth at the level of tb per second, design gpgpu super-long flow line in data-intensive operations with the aim of maximizing the volume of throughput, and use the super-long flow line
The gpgpu product line has a clear advantage in parallel processing of large-scale data streams. The gpgpu product line is divided by the gpu chip application. The original design of the gpu was to improve the computer's handling of data such as graphics, images, videos, etc.
. As gpu's performance advantages in parallel calculations emerge and the range of applications in parallel calculations expand, gpu gradually divides into two branches, a traditional gpu, which continues to be dedicated to graphic image processing, with video decoding embedded.
Accelerator engines, 2d acceleration engines, 3d acceleration engines, image rendering, etc., and another branch is gpgpu, which serves as a modem processor and increases the specialized vectors, lengths, matrix operating instructions, and enhances the accuracy and performance of float-point calculations to meet the needs of different applications
Gpgpu can provide a strong and efficient parallel computing capability, which is widely used in artificial intelligence, commercial computing, large data processing, etc. as gpgpu develops technology and associated eco-environments.
In the area of artificial intelligence, the use of gpgpu to run model algorithms in clouds can significantly reduce the length of training and energy consumption for sea-volume training data, thereby further reducing the application of artificial intelligence.
Cost. At the same time, gpgpu can provide a well-developed software ecosystem that facilitates the development of various available applications for transplantation and new algorithms, so the global AI-related processor solution is still dominated by gpgpu. Therefore, gpgpu is the leading co-processor in the artificial intelligence field.
The project, which accounts for more than 90% of the market share of artificial intelligence, has extensive market space in areas such as smart factories, unmanned, smart cities. Data center construction is accelerating, driving the integrated circuit industry.
According to developments in new technologies, such as excavations, the integrated circuit industry has entered the phase of leading the development of data centres, and the computation and processing of big data will be a new dynamic that will drive the development of the integrated circuit industry.
The extensive application of learning algorithms in areas such as visual, speech, and natural language processing has led to an exponential increase in the demand for computing power. According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communications, the global data market is expected to reach $74.65 billion in 2022 and 10% in 2017-2022.
The data centre has grown rapidly, and according to data from the Information and Communications Development Division of the Ministry of Information and Communications, the number of aircraft in the country in 2022 is expected to reach 6.7 million, and the number of servers in the centre in 2017-2022 is 32 per cent, and the number of servers in large sizes and above is 5.4 million, or 80.5 per cent of the total.
The Nvidia data centre operation was 77.41 per cent in 2015-2021. As a representative enterprise in the gpgpu area, Nvidia data centre operating income was only $340 million in 2015, with a high growth rate of $10.6 billion in 2021.
The average annual compound growth rate of operations is 77.41 per cent. The growth rate is much higher than the rate of receipt of other nvidia-based operations, reflecting the strong demand for pan- artificial intelligence chips in the downstream data centre market.
3.1. The first-class product performance in the country, the national alternative, offers great opportunities The company is a scarce domestic X86 architecture cpu manufacturer with three main features: “ecology, performance, safety.” The X86 set of instructions has the best industry ecological support, existing operations and openings.
Most of the servers, hardware equipment, and software systems in circulation are based on or compatible with the X86 command set. In collaboration with the md, the company acquired core X86 processor design technology, entered the field of X86 processor design, and the cpu was developed to meet the needs of Chinese users and was highly product-friendly.
Capable, well-compatible and high-system security. Currently, only companies and magnified cores are capable of producing 86 units of cpu in the country. Products are focused on downstream applications such as servers, workstations, etc.
Major applications and applications such as telecommunications operators, finance, Internet, e.g., telecommunication operator cloud services, pool systems supporting cloud operations, bank and securities company queries, trading systems, Internet search, computing services, storage, etc.; workstations using sealight cpu are mainly used for work
Industry design and applications, graphic image processing, e.g., vr, ar graphic rendering scenes, and digital twin applications for intelligent industries.
Figure 23. Use of sealight cpu in workstations Figure 22. Use of sealight cpu in servers
When the core of the device is more numerous, the enhancement of the main frequency is limited while the performance is higher; parameters such as the memory channel, the memory main frequency, the pcie channel directly influence the processor ' s i/o performance and are indicators of processor importance.
The RAM, RAM channels, pcie channels, etc. are among the leading countries, compared to the international mainstream processor. The command set is an important factor in influencing the application of the processor, although parameters such as core numbers and hypertraces under different command set structures have different degrees of impact on performance.
dcu is compatible with the "cuda class " environment and is a potential replacement for nvidia. The composition of the sea light dcu is similar to that of cpu and its structure is simple compared to cpu, but the number of computing units is larger.
The company's dcu compatible with the "Cuda class" environment allows for better fit-in, international mainstream business computing software and artificial intelligence software, and is a potential substitute for the nvidia. The dcu product uses the finfet process, with typical scenario performance indicators reaching international highs.
Sealight 8100 is capable of fully exploiting the parallelity of applications, making use of its large-scale parallel computing capabilities, and rapidly developing energy-efficient applications. Sealight 8100 uses advanced finfet crafts, with performance indicators for typical applications at the same time as international high-end products of the same type.
3.2. Sustained emphasis on R & D inputs, with a strong core of 90.2% of corporate R & D staff, with most core R & D staff with more than 20 years of experience in high-end processor R & D. The high-end processor design is a technology-intensive industry, and the professional R & D is:
As at 31 December 2021, the company had 1,031 or 90.20% of its research and development technicians.
A reasonable age structure and comprehensive skills underpin technological innovation and product development. Companies have a lot of autonomous intellectual property rights. Companies have taken over a number of core technologies designed by high-end processors, creating a lot of autonomous intellectual property rights. As of December 31, 2021, companies and their sons.
Over the past three years, companies have invested more than 30% in research and development, and equity incentives have stimulated team energy. Companies have always been adamant about employee pay systems and have introduced multiple equity incentives to core R & D, operations, and managers.
3.3. Importing a special catalogue to guarantee downstream demand, increasing profitability, entering a special catalogue of products, and increasing the income of cpu products.
The high demand and faster growth in the end-of-life markets, such as finance, and the subsequent entry of the company ' s 5200 series, 7200 series and 3200 series of products into a special catalogue resulted in large sales revenues for the company in 2020 and 2021, totalling $2.3 billion.
Demand; strong market demand and good sales; properly executed hand orders in the prior period, which led to a rapid increase in corporate operating income from losses to profitability. Relatively tight supply chains in the global chip industry, and rising prices of raw materials, which led to company cpus
The Māori rate for the series of products has declined, and companies, taking into account the rise in the price of raw materials and changes in the market price of the same product, have set a relatively high price for the PHARE II product introduced in 2020, with Māori rates correspondingly higher than the PHARE I product: with the PHARE II product series as a share of sales income
The rise in sales earnings, particularly from the 7200 series with a high Māori rate, increased to 52.85 per cent in 2021, reducing the negative impact of rising raw material prices on the Māori rate of companies.
The research and development project with processors, a new generation of PVC processors, an advanced processor technology research and development centre project, and a science, technology and development reserve project.
The scale of corporate R & D expenditure and fixed assets will increase further as capital projects are implemented. While the increase in R & D expenditure and depreciation of fixed assets will have some impact on the level of corporate profitability, overall corporate business will expand further to create a more visible scale advantage, operating efficiency and product technology
With further increases in parity, total and net profits will also increase significantly, contributing to the company’s profitability and core competitiveness. Completion of the capital-raising investment project will help to achieve the firm’s long-term strategic objectives, enhance the firm’s core competitiveness, and enable it to compete in future markets.
Greater competitive advantage to consolidate and upgrade the company’s position in the industry. (1) cpu products: Sealight series based on research and development in the production of core patented technology at md, based on which the company has developed improvements in microstructure optimization, safety enhancement, etc.
The high-end 7200 series and the low-end 3200 series have been imported into a dedicated catalogue, which will benefit from a trend towards national production substitution in the processor sector and the server industry, which will flourish and demand in the areas of downstream government and telecommunications.
There is a possibility that the Māori rate will continue to rise in the market at all times. (2) dccu product area: well calculated series of products compatible with the "Cuda class" environment, soft hardware eco-rich, typical application scene performance indicators that reach the same type of high-end internationally.
Ping, a potential substitute for the nvidiagpu product. In the second half of 2021, when the product was first marketed, sales reached 240 million, benefiting from the high-profile nature of data centres, margin calculations, etc.
In terms of comparable company valuations, we have selected Intel, Invelda, the leader of the processing industry in the United States stock market, and Xinjiang, the core of the processing chip in the main battalion in the a stock market.
Easy markets, company sizes, and city occupancy rates vary considerably, for example, as examples of mature companies in the industry. The company’s valuation is similar to that of the middle core, where both companies are based on processors, and the sealight series based on x86 structures, which are based on their own structure and can be used as a reference; and the cold martial arts.
Compared with the fact that processor chips are mainly used in settings such as servers, workstations, and margin computing, the business is more similar in value and comparable. The company ' s main operating income is now derived from two product lines: cpu, dcu, rapidly growing downstream applications, geopolitical fluctuations, handling.
By the first half of 2022, as a result of the import of demand from downstream government, corporate revenue had been released in large amounts, and only six months of income had passed through 2021. In 2022, the company was operating, and we believe that sealight information in the cpu, dcu business is dependent on the industry’s global leader.
Amd authorizes the core technology and its own substantial R & D inputs to achieve excellence in product performance, and the orderly introduction of new products, and has a competitive advantage among national producers in the main business area. Downstream, corporate products focus mainly on servers, workstations, data centres, etc., and are the only two-tier country based on the x86 architecture.
We cover for the first time the risk of international volatility: company X86 orders from amd authorized, if China and the United States are involved, given the profitability of the company and its potential for future rise.
A step-by-step deterioration could result in the US imposing a new round of sanctions on companies, and the removal of command-set authorizations would have a negative impact on the public sector’s cpu business. If US-China relations eased, server chips could be replaced by national production less quickly than expected, leading to a decline in the volume of company products.
The data centre is not as well as expected: the company ' s dcu products are mainly used in the areas of large data processing, human intelligence, commercial computing, and despite the rising market size of the data centre industry, in recent years domestic Internet companies have been affected by the epidemic, among other things, and capital spending has slowed, which could lead to public spending.
The new products are not as fast as they are expected: the chip industry's products are at a fast pace, the company's current R & D festival is robust, and if future R & D progress is not as fast as expected, it may lead to a decline in corporate competitiveness, which in turn leads to a decline in corporate competitiveness.