On 16th of July, 2025, the company was the leading company in the country in the field of fine chemicals: the company had been developing for many years with innovation.
Keeping up a high level of research and development input, with Xinchang, Zhejiang, Shandong, Heilongjiang and Zhen, the four main production bases. The company uses nutrients such as vitamins, egg amino acids as its cornerstone, the development of spices, new materials, the integration of the industrial chain to ensure the stability of production, and the promotion of competition for products.
▪ Vitamin products are priced to the bottom, and the advantages of new and integrated industrial chains are highlighted: Vitamin industry is highly concentrated, with global cr5 of va = 77%, cr5 of ve = 92%. As of 2025h1, the company has a capacity of 8,000 tonnes, ve (poly) 60,000 tonnes,
Don't account for 13% of global production, 23%. New and emerging vitamin industry headlines, complete industrial chains, complete self-production of key intermediates such as lemon formaldehyde, aromatic sulfol, etc., which have been successfully reduced and integrated with industrial chains such as fragrances, new materials, etc.
The company’s ability to increase production has increased: the global supply of oligarine has been oligarchy; in 2024, the global supply of ecstasy was more than 80% cr., with less subsequent production capacity and more ecstasy.
The climate has improved. After years of technological closure, in 2024 the country accounted for 34 per cent of global production, with 370,000 tons of new and new production capacity and 180,000 tons of liquid production capacity in collaboration with the Central petrochemicals.
▪ New materials are co-mixed and the project is proceeding in an orderly manner: the company uses the nutrient plate to produce a variety of new material products, using both technological advantages and savings in production costs. As of 2025h1, the company owns 22 million tons of pps production capacity; new energy materials and new environmental materials project I
The high-end nylon and optical projects continue to advance. The profits from the fragrance continue to be positive, with both size and technical advantages: the company is the largest fragrance in the country.
The fragrance companies, which have significant advantages in size and take advantage of the cost advantages of an integrated industrial chain, are actively engaged in the development of fragrances, which are constantly enriching the variety of products and are important growth points for the company’s future profitability. Given the transformation of the company’s solid eggs project to completion, the orderly advancement of the liquid eggs project, and the gradual development of the new materials project.
As we go into production, we look at the future of the company, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating.
He began a new and developed entrepreneurial process, starting with a simple business of recycling waste alcohol, under extremely difficult conditions. He placed enterprise development on the strategic objective of replacing imported products, focusing on technological innovation, and successfully developed and industrialized a variety of key ingredients, such as helium, fragrance, and aromatic alcohol, breaking the long-term horizon.
The company has also been developing products such as v, va, vd3, ecstasy and pps into a variety of key product industries. In 2002-2003, new products from the company aromatics, filamentary esters were inspected through the national torch scheme, which initiated the risk-based site; in 2004, the company completed the acceptance and successful listing of the “Bea-Vilacone” national torch programme; in 2006,
va key intermediate lemon formaldehyde has been successfully developed and supported enzyme O10 has been successfully developed; in 2008, the company launched the Shandong base into the fragrance area; in 2013-2015, the company opened up new material operations to produce polysulfur ethers (pps), high-temperature nylons (ppa); in 2016, the company ' s Pygmino Acid Phase I project was launched into the field of ecstasy; in 2018,
The company launched the Heilongjiang base for a biological fermentation project; in 2023, the company ' s second phase of ecstasy project was launched, with a proposed joint venture of 180,000 tons of liquid ecstasy with Central petrochemicals; and in 2024, the company expanded the solid ecstasy project and invested in the nylon new materials project in Tianjin.
Now, the newcomers have become the leading international industry in the field of fine chemicals, with two major nuclear technology platforms, “Chemical+” and “Bio+”, creating a diversified business system centred on nutrients, fragrances, and new materials.
Figure 2: The company's two core technology platforms, Chemical Plus and Biological Plus, are concentrated in equity and actively engage in employee ownership schemes and stock buybacks. As of 2025q1, the actual control of the company is vested in Mr. Hoopayan, who owns about 31% of the company's shares, and his brother Hooper, who is the company's deputy director.
At the same time, institutional investors such as the National Social Security Fund and the Xiangyang Strategic Thinking Fund are the top ten shareholders of the company. The company has launched a four-phase equity plan and launched a stock buy-back scheme in April 2025 to buy back 300-60 million yuan for future equity incentives or employee ownership schemes.
From the distribution of production bases, the company has four modern production bases in Zhejiang, Zhejiang, Shandong District, Heilongjiang Zhenziang, and (1) the Ning Chang Production Base is mainly engaged in the feeding and feeding of large healthy plates.
Production of pigments, vd3, and pigments; 2) Production of vitamins, sulfonic acid, bios, pps, pa, etc., mainly at the production base; 3) Production of fragrances, ves, pine amino acids, pharmaceutical intermediates, high-end new materials, etc. at the production base in Shandong; 4) Biofermentation at the production base in Heilongjiang, mainly in mountains
Production of products such as pearol, vc, vb, auxiliary enzyme q10.
Positioning the human health base, mainly for feed and food additives, for spices, forage and forage.
Positioning biological fermentation bases, corn, etc., mainly for vitamin series, ve, vh, vd3, pigmentation, etc.
Food additives, high-end nutrients.
Production of products, applied research, completed (procedurates, etc.), pharmaceutical intermediates, vb, ancillary enzyme q10, malt sugar,
Nutrients such as acids, and polysulfur ethers are produced for products of global importance such as fat soluble vitamins, high-end new materials, etc.
Production and marketing of products such as Sydol, pps, high-temperature nylonppa, Long Po, the only manufacturing base in China.
Production and marketing of materials such as fibre lft, nutrients such as vitamins, pigments, etc.
Heilongjiang Zhengang Production Base Zhejiang New Chang Production Base Zhejiang Shanghai Production Base
In terms of the type of operations, the company currently operates mainly on nutrients (va, ve, pine amino, etc.), fragrances (arosanol, lemon formaldehyde, etc.), and new materials (pps, ppa, etc.).
As new projects move forward, the company expects a new round of high-quality development. The company’s projects have broad development prospects: 1) nutrition products: as of 2025h1, the company has va capacity of 8,000 tons (in 500,000 iu) and ve capacity of 60,000 tons (in 50% of powder); the company’s fixed-egg plant has been technologically modified and its capacity has increased; the company and China are petrochemical.
The joint construction of 180,000 tons of liquid egg units has entered the experimental production phase and has produced qualified products. 2) Fragrances: the company completed the completion of the first phase of the ipsichocyanate (ipdi) project. 1.2. Nutrients construction company ' s main basic plate, spices and new materials operations are rapidly developing
As a result of the impact of the ellipse accident, the price of vitamins has risen significantly, and the company’s performance has increased significantly; in 2021, the demand for nutrients has recovered, adding to the company’s contribution of the second phase of the ellipsic acid project, which received $14.8 billion (compared with 43 per cent) in return for the year of the motherhood, which was affected by the installation of giants abroad, and the price of vitamins has risen significantly, leading to a significant increase in the company’s performance.
The semi-annual performance forecast for 2025 is that, because of the increase in the number of major products sold on the nutrition plate and the price of sales compared to the same period in the previous year, companies are focusing on R & D and promoting higher corporate profitability. With regard to R & D, the share of R & D inputs in operating revenues is consistently higher than 4.5% per cent per year, and is higher than well-known at home and abroad than at Zhejiang University, Middle School, Danish Biotechnology, etc.
In 2024, the company ' s Māori rate was 42% (year-on-year +9 pt); the net interest rate was 27% (year-on-year +9 ptt).
Nutrients, new materials, 52 per cent, 43 per cent and 22 per cent respectively. 2025q1, the company still maintains a high profit margin. Vitamins: va, ve prices are low, company size & industrial chain integration advantages are highlighted by 2.1. Vitamin downstream is dominated by the feed industry, vitamin production process barriers are high, and market concentration is high.
Vitamins are divided into two types, water solubility and lipid solubility. Water soluble vitamins are soluble in water and not soluble in non-polar organic solvents, with little storage in the body after absorption; lipid soluble vitamins are soluble in polar organic solvents and not soluble in water, are absorbed in the body with fat and accumulated in the body.
Vitamin downstream applications are mainly for feed, medicine, and food. The feed industry is the most important appliance industry in va, ve, which accounted for more than 60% of the demand in 2023, so the feed industry has the most significant impact on the demand for vitamins.
We expect that domestic feed production will remain relatively stable in the future, with the potential for slow growth, that the market will either increase the corresponding growth in the number of va 2025q1 pigs, and that mainstream pigs will plan to increase the number of live pigs in 2025.
In 2024, the number of pigs in the country was the same as -3.3 per cent, with competition increasing mainly in the pig industry, some of which suffered long-term contractions in profits from entrepreneurship, and greater caution in expanding production capacity. 2025q1, the number of pigs in the pig industry was more complex than the recovery of the va synthetic process, the environmental costs of the process and the high technological threshold were higher than the capital and technology.
There are currently two types of synthetic routes for va, the Roche and Basf processes, the Roche route applications for Tesman, Seng and Kim Dawei, and the Basf route applications for Bassev, Zhejiang medicine, Andesu, etc.
Both the roche and the basf, the initial raw material is beta-violet ketone, and the lemon formaldehyde is the key to synthetic beta-violet ketone. The synthetic process of lemon hydrazine is complex, demanding for equipment, and waste disposal is difficult, with only a handful of enterprises worldwide, including Basque, New Union, Coke, and Mandarin.
As of 2025h1, the world ' s main producers of the lemon formaldehyde industry are Basque, Coke, Shin and Cheng, and Huenhua. The Basque Lemon has an annual capacity of about 78,000 tons, the world ' s largest market share, with 40,000 tons of lemon formaldehyde, which is expected to be operational in 2026, and will increase to 118,000 tons once built.
The Lemon Aldehyde-Fragrance Project, which produces 48,000 tonnes of Lemon Aldehyde, has been put into production in 2024q3, but its main use in the higher rate of Maori spices is not expected to have a significant impact on the vag performance pattern. New and existing lemon aldehyde produces 8,000 tonnes per year, and its lemon aldehyde is not exported, purchased or purchased, all for its own use and used in the production of va and fragrance spices.
Unlike other domestic va producers, the ability to produce lemon formaldehyde on a scale scale has been reduced by 13.4 per cent in the production costs of lemon formaldehyde through technological innovation, and this integrated industrial chain advantage has made production less dependent on external purchases, thus safeguarding its own production in comparison with its external impact.
Most other manufacturers have a cost advantage for their raw materials. Vola has a high concentration, cr5 = 77%, with limited additional capacity. As of 2025h1, the global capacity is about 60,000 tons, of which foreign capacity is about 45%, concentrated in Bassov, Tesman, and domestic capacity is about 55%.
The production capacity is concentrated in all-China chemistry, newcomers, garden organisms, Zhejiang medicine, and Kim Dawei. In terms of new capacity, the new medicine industry plans to produce 1,000 tons of capacity.
For the first time in-country industrialization of hydrazine and side-chain hexaphenols has cost advantages by moving away from the import restrictions of methorose phenols. Global industrial synthesis has been achieved through the alkylization-condensation of the main ring (trimethyl hydrazine) and side chains (hexaphenol), and the main barriers to synthesis are mainly in the synthesis of these two intermediates.
As of 2025h1, the world’s capacity was about 260,000 tons, of which foreign capacity was about 40%, concentrated in Bassov, Tesman, and domestic capacity was about 60%, and capacity was concentrated in the new Union, Zhejiang medicine, and Weimant (75% of Tesman’s shares).
The garden bioprogramming capacity of 20,000 tons and the megachemistry capacity of 20,000 tons. 2.2.va, ve prices are more affected by the supply side.
The first round of price hikes took place in 2016. A serious explosion occurred in the chemical plant area in Ludwig, Germany, which reduced the supply of vachemical raw materials and seriously affected va’s production.
The second round of price hikes occurred at the end of 2017. In October 2017, a fire at the Basve German Lemon ellipse plant caused a severe global shortage of lemon ellipse due to technical equipment problems, and did not resume supply until April 2018.
The third round of price increases occurred in October 2018. The Tisman Swiss plant, which had been shut down for two to three months in October 2018 because of the contamination of the waste-water treatment system, suspended the offer and the order.
The fourth round of price hikes occurred in 2020. The epidemic caused va production and transport to be blocked, channels to panic, stocks to be replenished, and prices to go up. The Basv German plant quality problem, which stopped 2020o3, led to a widening of the global va supply gap.
The fifth round of price increases started in August 2024. There was another explosion at the plant in Basv Germany, which caused the installation of spice raw materials and precursors for vitamin production, the supply of vava and the supply of the precursor lemon formaldehyde.
The impact should be substantial, leading to a substantial upturn in va prices and a rise in export volumes. Figure 19: va price changes (RM/kg)
The first round of price increases occurred in 2008. Andy Sou withdrew from the market, and the industry was reduced from more than a dozen enterprises to five new, Zhejiang medicine, southwest synthetics, Tesman and Bassov.
The second round of price increases occurred in 2011. As a result of the earthquake in Japan, the production of phenol was affected, the supply of phenol was tight, and the price of phenol was 150-175/kg.
The third round of price increases occurred at the beginning of 2016. As a result of environmental constraints, raw material production was limited, domestic and foreign manufacturers ceased production, and prices rose slightly, and the fourth round of prices rose markedly in late 2017.
But with the recovery of production and the domestic pigpest, the price fell to less than $40/kg. The fifth round of prices rose markedly in August 2024. The blast at the Basv German plant, the supply of the plant was reduced, and the pace of recovery was slower, pushing the price up.
Some companies abroad are facing competition from Chinese companies because of high energy prices.
In February 2024, Tesman announced the removal of animal nutrient plates, which were scheduled to be completed in 2025h2, with core targets focused on areas of high Maori such as spices, medical materials, etc. In terms of export volumes, in 2024, it was exploded by a German factory in Basve overseas.
As a result of the explosion, our exports of va and ve were about 0.6 and 110,000 tons, respectively, up from the last two decades. 3. Ethyl amino acid: improved supply and demand patterns, rising prices, also known as parathion, is the only essential amino acid containing sulphur needed for animal growth and promotes poultry.
Pyramid is used mainly in the feed industry, and its main effect is to: 1) increase the efficiency of farming by balancing feed with animal physiological demand for amino acid and reducing feed costs.
The total production cost of the kg of finished chicken meat is approximately Euro0.22, representing about 23 per cent of the total production cost, and effectively improves the profitability of the poultry production sector. 2) Promotes growth and development, increases animal resistance, increases poultry survival and yields. 3) Improves the quality of meat and eggs, improves the nutritional value of food and enhances market competitiveness.
3.1. Supply side: High process barriers + high environmental requirements, high market concentration, high technical barriers to the production of pyre amino acid.
In order to win, Andisu, Noves, friends, Shiger, etc., domestic firms are mainly new, purple, and Bong. The methods used to prepare the production of pyre amino acid are bioenzyme splitting, microbiological fermentation and chemosynthesis (mainstream). The economic indicators of bioenzyme splitting are lower, resulting in high levels of pollution emissions; and microorganisms are fermented.
Thus, the main production preparation process for the current production of pyre amino acid is chemical synthesis, which can be divided into Heinfa and cyanol. Most manufacturers, such as winning, Andesu, and purple light, use Heinfa.
Sodium, ammonium carbonate reacts to the generation of argon, which is then hydrolyzed under alkaline conditions, and then rinsed to the product. The advantages of the henaline process are: technological maturity, high harvest rates, high automation; by-products such as sodium sulphate, carbon dioxide, etc. can be recycled during the process.
The cyanol method is based mainly on the reaction of mulpulthyldehyde to hydrated cyanide, which is hydrolysed under acid conditions and can be obtained from liquid pyrecine. The advantages of the cyanol process are: short process routes, low by-products, better cleanness, higher rates of collection; and the production of solid pyrecine and liquid pyrecine.
Companies can use synergies between animal nutrient plate products, borrow vitamin distribution channels, reduce market expansion periods, and control the increase in marketing costs. Moreover, companies continue to enrich product groups and improve their overall competitiveness, and nutrition operations are expected to continue to flourish.
The oligopoly pattern is clear in the oligopoly sector, which by the end of 2024 was over 80%, with limited new production. In 2024, the world could produce about 2.63 million tons of this product, of which about 66% was produced abroad, concentrated on winning, Noves and so on, and about 34% in the country, concentrated on Andesu, Shin and Sung, Ningxia and Purple.
In recent years, domestic enterprises have increased their efforts to produce ecstasy, and the pattern of imports and exports has changed.
To break the country’s dependence on imports, which has been accelerated by domestic firms, and foreign giants are actively investing in the domestic market. Newcommodity, Andesu, and state biology have completed the layout and production of the production line. As a result, since 2018, the import dependence of the country’s amino acid has been reduced overall and exports have been large.
In 2024, we imported about 160,000 tons of ecstasy (2 per cent compared to the same year): about 260,000 tons of exports (with global demand for ecstasy growing at a faster rate than abroad). In 2023, global demand for ecstasy grew at about 1.6 million tons (+3 per cent compared), of which domestic demand was 430,000 tons (+7.5 per cent compared to the same year), mainly due to a reduction in our soybean beans.
With the gradual recovery of the downstream market, global demand for ecstasy is expected to continue to grow. The use of liquid amino acid in mature farming abroad has led to a low penetration of liquid ecstasy in our country.
Acid uses specialized spraying system feed to automate controls, thereby reducing manual feed errors and risks to precision quantification and even mixing: while eliminating the risk of explosion of solid condensate in transport and storage, it is safer and more efficient. As a result, larger and more automated foreign customers are more inclined to use liquid ammonium.
Acid. With the gradual integration of the poultry industry in developing countries such as China and the industrialization and increased automation of farm farming, demand for pulmonate with liquid fluids has increased. Figure 29: Market penetration of liquid pine amino acid in 2023
3.3. Prices of ecstasy: Prices run out of the bottom and are running at a steady pace. Since August 2008, prices of ecstasy have generally shown a downward trend and have experienced approximately three rounds of cyclical waves during the period, mainly influenced by the supply end:
The first round of price increases occurred in 2009. Supply constraints were caused by, among other things, strikes in France, when the domestic consumption of ecstasy was mainly dependent on imports, leading to higher prices. The second round of price increases occurred in the second half of 2014.
The third round of price increases occurred in 2015q1. After spring 2015, a new round of concentrated proteins was introduced, which was affected by port delays, factory price increases, reduced market availability, and market fears returned to a significant increase in 2014.
Moreover, the price increase is marked by market hoarding. Figure 30: Trends in the price of solid ecstasy in our Jiangsu ($/kg) 4. New material: multi-plate co-arranged and growing scale of operations
4.1. pps: Special engineering plastics, also known as polysulfur ethers, with broad development prospects, is an integrated special engineering plastic with excellent high temperature tolerance, corrosion resistance, radiation resistance, fire resistance, balanced physical mechanical performance and excellent size stability, and excellent electrical performance.
Characteristically, it is widely used as a structured high molecular material, which is widely used as a special engineering plastic by filling, adapting, and, at the same time, can be used to produce various functional films, coatings and composite materials for successful applications in electronics, aerospace, automobile transport, etc.
In high-performance plastic pyramids, polysulfur ethers are located in the range of high-performance polymers, where sulfur atoms interact with benzene rings.
Apps are widely used in areas such as environmental protection, automobiles, electronics, aerospace. Because of their lightness and strength, pps can be used to manufacture multiple parts of cars, such as engine caps, fuel system components, electrical connectors, etc.; by their electro-insulation.
, pps can be involved in the manufacture of electronic and electrical components such as circuit boards; in addition, pps can also be used in the manufacture of filtering materials and precision machinery such as valve pipes. 4.1.1. Demand end: Downstream markets are wide and demand is maintained at high speeds
The demand for the pps keeps growing at a high rate, and the low-altitude economy offers new opportunities. Since 2016, the demand for the pps has grown rapidly. Demand has declined slightly in 2020 as a result of the epidemic, but demand growth has remained strong. In 2022, the demand for the pps was about 79,000 tons (compared to 13%).
In 2025, low-altitude flight technologies gradually integrated into everyday life, allowing the value of pps as high-performance materials to emerge. Whether they are drones or urban air traffic, or even future automated cargo vehicles, pps will play a key role.
4.1.2. Supply side: Industry is rapidly developing, production concentration is evident. pps have a variety of synthetic methods, which can be industrialized mainly by sodium sulfide and sulfur, and by new and adopted sodium sulfide, which is the most mature process of the time, with the advantages of easy access to raw materials, good product quality, high rate of harvest, and sodium sulfide.
By region, Japan, China, Belgium, the United States, South Korea accounted for 42 per cent, 37 per cent, 9 per cent, 7 per cent, and 5 per cent, respectively, and Asia accounted for nearly 80 per cent. According to the branch, by 2023, Japan ' s dic was the world ' s top apps.
Producers produce about 20% of the capacity. 22 million tons of new and productive capacity, or 10% of the capacity, are among the top producers in the country. 4.1.3.pps are the most developed countries. New and positive advantages are evident.
At the beginning of the twenty-first century, Sichuan Deokyang Specialized Materials Ltd. completed its first set of 1,000-ton polysulfide pps resins in the country and was forced to shut down production in 2014, and between 2010 and 2020, nearly 20 of the country’s apps had their projects shut down. At the same time, foreign products continued to be dumped in the country on the basis of cost advantages, resulting in significant domestic profits for domestic manufacturers.
In response to the unfair competition of the pps, on 22 April 2019, the new and formed sector represented the domestic polysulphine industry filed an application for anti-dumping investigation with the Ministry of Commerce, and in October 2020 it was determined that the import substitution had accelerated since then and that the domestic apps industry had begun to develop.
In 2008, the University began to develop high-end apps, and by the end of 2024, the new and developed apps had the highest capacity in the country. After working with Zhejiang University to develop successful apps synthesis, the University also worked with the soil, the East Ocean swipe, and the Engry to build from the basic raw materials to the high molecules.
Polymerics, remodified processing, special fibres are the only industry in the country that can stabilize the production of fibre-grade, pulp, sculpting, coating-grade pps, nurtures a large number of downstream domestic apps and creates a solid customer base for new and new materials. What is more important is the new and developed "circle economy" layout -- through
By-product resource use technology, the energy consumption per ton of pps is 18% lower than the industry average. In the context of the impending application of EU carbon tariffs, this green production capacity is transforming into a substantial competitive advantage. 4.2.ppa: anti-high-temperature nylon, applied to a wide market.
pa, or polybiphenylenedioxyamide, commonly known as anti-high-temperature nylons. ppa has semi-crystal and non-crystal. Half-crystal pa resins are used mainly in plastic processing and in other molten processing processes; non-crystal pa masters are used in situations where resistance is required.
Excellent: oil-resistant, organic solvent-resistant, chemical-resistant drugs perform well. In addition, pa has high melting points, high glass conversion temperatures, excellent flame-retardance and excellent space stability that are not available to ordinary nylons. Because of its excellent properties, pa is widely used in electronics, automobiles, and even in military engineering, aerospace, etc.
The market size of the pa market has grown rapidly with rapid growth in sectors such as automobiles and electrical and electronics. From 2016 to 2020, the market size of our country ' s pa market has been growing at a rate of 11% compound growth, and it is expected to continue to grow considerably in the future.
According to the Chinese Economic Intelligence Network, in 2023, the global capacity of the pa was concentrated abroad, with Tesman, Dubon, Mitsubishis, Solvi and Colley accounting for 32%, 19%, 13%, 7%, and 5%, respectively; new and final pa produced 1,000 tons, compared to 3% in the country.
4.3.ipda: A wide range of applications, with clear industrial chain advantages.
With the rapid development of science and technology and the emergence of new materials, the use of ipda in aerospace, new energy, etc. is expanding.
Developments in the new energy sector have also provided new market opportunities for ipda, such as growing demand for high-performance materials in such areas as solar panels, wind power generation equipment, and promising applications of ipda. In the global ipda market, producers in Europe and America have long dominated the market.
In 2011, Ningbo produced new materials and technology.