New S.S.U. (002001.sz) Integrated concretized chemicals, with significant technological and industrial synergies.
Started by a school factory and developed into a leading company for a global, integrated and sophisticated chemical industry. In 1999, a new factory was set up, launched by a Chinese school factory, the Synthetic Plant of Shinchang County, which has now grown into subsistence plants, spices, ecstasy, high-molecular materials, raw-material drugs, etc.,
Vitamins and fragrance chains complement each other. The new and made-up spices industry is based mainly on the idea of production chains developing in synergy, and there are several shared intermediates and technical agreements between spices and the vitamin industry chains.
The same effect is evident, and the fragrance business is an extension and organic supplement to the new and into-vitamin industry chain. For example, aromaticol is both the main product of the fragrance plate and the main intermediate in the production of ve; lemon formaldehyde is the highest/lowest price for 52 weeks.
Ecliptic acid is a major product of the past, and has become a global leader in the condensate industry. Prior: Visin overlaps highly with the downstream client group of Ecclesiasic acid, with two products with strong industrial synergies.
It should be, and the market for ecstasy is large and technologically high, and our country has long been dependent on imports, which were the most important nutrients for domestic production. After this, the key technologies for ecstasy are sulfide and cyanide, new and organic transfer of cyanide technologies accumulated in the field of ecstasy to new materials, and nylon 66 is the key to new materials.
The production of raw materials such as dichloride, ipidi, ipn, also requires cyanide, and there are strong technological synergies between the new and new materials operations. It is expected that by the end of 2025, the new condensed production capacity will reach 550,000 tonnes/year and will be the third largest producer of condensate worldwide.
New materials will focus on the development of the chain of the “Dii-Niron 66” industry in the future. New and finished materials are all materials that are more dependent on imports in the country, owing to higher import prices.
The downstream application landscape is limited for reasons such as the Quarterly Review of New Unions (002001.sz) in 2025 - the nutrient board landscape and the instability of the supply chain, and the demand space for new materials is expected to open if the new materials are reduced to a level acceptable downstream by addressing the nationalization of the new materials concerned.
The advantages of new materials and new materials in the new layout are the significant synergy of new materials with the technology of the company's existing operations, the future
It is hoped that low-cost production will be achieved. Investment proposal: maintain a “better than the big city” rating. We expect the company to return to net profit in 2025-2027.
In 1999, a new and new factory was set up by the Chinese school's synthesizing plant in Shinchang County. The new and new factory also called “Innovation, man, competition”
In 2004, the company became the first stock of the domestic SME board to be marketed successfully in deep business, with the stock code “002001.sz”, while the main business in the camp was vitamins. In 2007, the new and advanced fragrants industry began construction of the Shandong base the following year, and the subsidiary Shandong's new and pharmaceutical industry successfully tested production in 2009.
In 2012, the company moved into the high-molecular materials industry and in 2013 produced pps and in 2014 produced ppa. In 2013, the new and advanced amino acid industry started construction of the 300,000 tons/year solid pine amino acid project. In 2017, the new and advanced biological fermentation industry began construction of the Heilong River base. In 2021, the new and integral life began construction.
In 2023, the 300,000-tonne/year solid acid project was completed, together with the 180,000-tonne/year liquid acid project. In 2024, Tianjin-Sin was set up as the Technology and Technology Company for New and Generated Materials.
Consisting of the idea of industrial and technological synergies, new and emerging industries are committed to addressing the national production of key chemicals. New and emerging chemicals.
Intensely pursue the market path, choosing high-value-added, high-tech, and promising products, and growing in a highly competitive market. In the early days of the new peace process, efforts were made to address the national production of vitamine, vitamina, and the subsequent development of the fragrance industry based on the center of the vitamin industry chain, vitamin and fragrance technologies.
Synergy has been significant, with new and emerging global-impact integrated vitamin taps, and the largest synthetic spice producer in China. Ethyl amino acid is the highest amino acid in the technical barriers. Our country has been dependent on imports for a long time.
With the accumulation of cyanide techniques, the future of the future will focus on the development of diazole, working to address the neck chain in the nylon 66 industrial chain. New Sinoe has achieved full-scale growth in performance and market value. From 2004 to 2024, new and emerging markets have been marketed.
In 20 years, a full-scale increase in revenue, profits, and asset size was achieved – operating income increased 23 times from $1,156 million to 2,854 million on the first day of the year on the market. For every new product to enter a new field, the level of revenue and profits went to a new level.
Figure 2: New gross market value and net profit return: new equity structure: The first shareholders in the new stock formation are New and Holding Group Limited, with 50.08% shareholding, actual control of Mr. Hooperhamin, with 31.41% share penetration.
After entering the business, he taught chemistry at a high school in Xinchang County, and in 1988, he founded the company’s former school factory, the Synthetics Factory in Xinchang County, which started its business from the simplest recovery of waste alcohol, and then successfully developed products such as ethylene fork, vitamine, vitamina, and so forth. Mr. Hobsing worked on synthesification in Xinchang County from 1988 to 1999.
President of the plant, who has been in the company ' s position since the beginning of the new and new listing in 2004.Figure 5: New and integral equity structures and participation in the holding companies charted a new and 4-large production base: now new and existing ownership of Xinchang, Xiangjiang, Xinjiang, Shandong and Black.
The base is mainly concerned with the production and application of products in areas such as human rearing, animal nutrition, high-end raw materials, etc.
The base is a new and biological fermentation production base, with green and modern lines of production such as enzyme q10, vitamin c, vitamin b12, starch sugar, pineapple alcohol, etc.
Teacher culture is a new and distinctive entrepreneurship culture. New and emerging from a school-based factory into a global, integrated, sophisticated industry venture is inextricably linked to the “teacher culture” of the corporate value system.
It is also an elaborate culture. It is a new culture, with a well-established training system, a strong corporate culture of learning and practice, a life-long education for its staff, a new platform to develop a pool of people with core competitive competencies, and a comprehensive workforce development.