Yearly Report 2024 & Quarterly 2025: Profitability Robust, `Growing + Return' Business Event: Companies Issued 2024 & Quarterly 2025.
• Increased competition from fearless industries and firm performance remained robust: 2025q1, the impact of a weak recovery in aggregate demand from the macro since the second half of last year, price differentials for new downstream materials products and increased in-roll competition, leading to a decline in earnings from downstream products.
Upstream refining and pta product profitability are relatively stable, and companies have the flexibility to adjust product structure, plus strong cost controls to cope with the effects of market price volatility, with net profits remaining at a high level within the industry.
1.6 million tonnes/year high performance resins and new materials project fully operational; 2) 400,000 tonnes of annual hemodynamic fibres, full-scale production of high-performance special industrial silk smart production project, tons of total industrial silk production, 12 additional line function film projects and lithium diaphragm projects at Nanton Base
The completion of the construction of the base at the Lake and Nantons will facilitate the emergence of the new material into a world-class production-scale and process-leading business of functional membrane materials.  Cash flow is robust, capital expenditure ends, and high dividends are being paid back to shareholders: 2025q1, the company.
Net cash flows from operating activities of $7.7 billion ($2024q1 billion), cash from investing activities of companies
Profit projection and investment rating: based on the progress of the company's productive capacity and subsequent strategic planning, we, Helium petrochemicals (600346); year 2023
Rating: The proportion of red money is higher than expected, cash is higher, capital expenditure is lower, and a high-scoring policy is maintained, and a “buy-in” rating is maintained. Not as fast as expected: project construction is not proceeding as expected.
Three major financial forecasting tables for Helium petrochemicals. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.