Helium petrochemicals (600,346): profitable resilience, dividends, reduced energy costs, which helped to capitalize on the company's combined cost advantage of “oil coalization”: crude oil prices in 2024 were higher and lower, with a wide-band shock. Brent crude oil prices averaged $80 per barrel, a 2.8 per cent decline in comparison with the year; wti crude oil prices averaged $76 per year.
RMB/barrell, 2.3% lower than the previous year, coal supply and demand was relaxed, stocks were kept high and prices were subdued. 2024 Oil prices went down the same line, coal continued to be supply-and-demand relaxed, and the company's combined cost advantage of “oil coalization” was highlighted. Polyester production of new materials was released, with a significant profit contribution: in 2024, the company had 1.6 million tonnes/year of high-performance resins and new materials projects,
In 2024, the company sold 56,417 million tons of new polyester material plate products, compared with 38 per cent; the plate generated 41,766 million yuan, compared with 22 per cent; and the plate had a Maori rate of 14.11 per cent, compared with 3.71 ptt.
A further 12 linear and functional film and lithium diaphragm projects are proceeding steadily, with the project expected to start production on a line-by-line basis in 2025, and the new material is expected to become the world’s largest-capacity and leading industry in technology. Cash flows are robust, capital expenditures are reduced, and long-term high-quality dividends are available: companies operate in the first quarter of 2024 and 2025.
Net moving cash flows amount to $22,733 million and $7,746 million, respectively, and are resilient. In 2024, the Division’s capital expenditure may be further reduced, with subsequent firm operations focusing more on “optimizing transport camps, reducing liabilities and reinforcing dividends” under cost-restricting controls, and continuing to build up value-based “growth + return” listings.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: based on the latest quarterly reports and the precautionary principle, we adjusted the price differentials and stocks of the company ' s ps from 2025 to 2026, and the petrochemical enterprises that did not refine the high-quality dragons would have some stock loss, but in the process of demand-driven bottom-up, downstream price differentials.
The top attribute is a corporate summary report that expands; the company, as a private major refining leader, has a full industrial chain with an integration cost advantage, and is expected to benefit from a new contours. We look at the company’s growing flagship attributes and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Helium petrochemicals (600346); steady performance: good, second-growth maturities - \triangleright
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.