The Sini San can be found in other petrochemicals (600346.sh)
At the end of the cost, crude oil prices have fallen, and in 2024 crude oil prices were higher and lower, with a wide-band shock.
Market data: On April 18, 2025. Brent crude oil prices averaged $80 per barrel for the year, a 2.8 per cent decline over the year; wti crude oil prices averaged $76 per barrel, a 2.3 per cent decline over the year, with coal supply and demand at ease and stocks at a high level.
Highest/minimum in the year: The market value of the circulationa share (billions), supported by a steady increase in income and consumer confidence and the gradual effectiveness of the national consumption promotion policy:
In terms of product sales, the prices of the company ' s refined products, pta and new materials were reduced throughout the year, and core technologies, such as new materials, continued to break down. 24 years of gasoline/diesel/px/pe/pp
The neck fills the shorts of the industry and fills the gaps of the industry. The high-density polyethylene tubes speciality of the hemorrhoids, 23050, certified at the p100 level, marks the highest level of water in the country.
Altitude. The constant fibres superfilament 27d/144f achieves mass production, with a single filament mass of only 0.18g of 9,000 metres, with a fibre mass index of only 0.18 g. The new material output can be phased in to achieve industrial “good chains, long chains, patches.” 1.6 million tonnes/
Chang Junjie is fully operational with the high-performance resin and new materials project. 400,000 tons of high-performance fibre-optics are produced annually, and the industrial silk smart production project is fully operational, with a total capacity of 800,000 tons per year.
The base is fully operational in 12 line-based film production lines, producing 470,000 tons of high-end polyester film per year, and continuously improving industry competitiveness in the middle- and high-end functional film field of the new material.
Crude oil price volatility risk: in a situation where crude oil prices fluctuate significantly, the price of downstream products \triangleright
Volatility, which in turn affects the stability of the profitability of firms in the industry. Demand recovery is not as high as expected: downstream demand recovery is slower, market demand is not adequately supported, production \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor would I be expected to make specific recommendations in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.