Helium petrochemicals (600346) Profiling plates are expected to be repaired, new materials can be phased in, oil prices are down, raw materials costs are reduced, demand is stable, and scale + process + match
The company is the first company in the industry to achieve an integrated whole chain of business development from crude oil-arocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons-pta, new ethanol-polyester materials, with the main business covering a drop of oil to everything.
Total stock/flow (billion shares) 5 million tons of coal-chemicals, 1.5 million tons of ethylene and 12 million tons of pta-capable clusters are placed at the highest/minimum price within 12 months
A 300,000-tonne-grade crude oil terminal and 6 million-tonne-owned crude oil tank area have achieved an integrated production capacity, with significant size and matching advantages, with an annual average crude oil price of $80 per barrel in Brent in 2024, a 2.8 per cent decline compared with the previous year;
Wti crude oil prices averaged $76 per barrel, a 2.3 per cent decline in the same year, and coal prices subdued. On demand, according to the latest data from the National Statistical Office, the petrochemical sector achieved operating income of 16.28 trillion yuan in 2024, an increase of 2.1 per cent in the same year; the oil and gas plates performed well, with operating income of 1.49 trillion yuan.
In 2024, the company’s refined products/pta/polyester new material products were collected by the centre, the size of the superstructured companies, the accompaniment advantages, and the refining plate’s profitability.
The company has a wide variety of downstream polyester and new chemical materials products and is positioned in mid-to-high end market demand, covering such polyesters and new chemical materials as civil scrubbers, industrial scrubbeds, bopets, pbt, pbs/pbat, etc., for use in textiles, pharmaceuticals, auto industry, new environmentally friendly energy.
Broad areas of demand for scale, differentiation, high-value-added industrial manufacturing and civilian consumption, such as source, electrical and electronics, photovoltaic industries, optical equipment, etc. Companies continue to extend the value chain of chemical materials industries to achieve industrial “good chains, stretch chains, fixes”
In 2024, the company ' s 1.6 million tons/year high-performance resins and new materials project was fully implemented.
Production: 400,000 tons of annual production of high-performance special industrial silk smart production projects, 800,000 tons of total industrial silk production per year, with hemodynamic fibres becoming the most productive high-capacity industrial silk production base in the world. 12 line-based line production of lineable thinfilms at the Suzhou Lake Base are fully invested.
Production, with an annual production of 470,000 tons of high-end functional polyester membrane, continuously improves industry competitiveness in the middle- and high-end functional membrane area of the new Conde material. Another 12 linear functional membrane projects and the lithium diaphragm project are proceeding steadily, and the project is expected to start production on a line-by-line basis in 2025.
With the completion of projects related to the Lake Base and the Southton Base, the new material will become the world’s largest production model and the leading business in technology for functional membrane materials. Investment proposals: the company’s refining plates are expected to be repaired, and new materials will be released;
Risks of excess industrial capacity, declining demand, increased industrial competition, etc. Refinement plate profitability is expected to be restored and new material production gradually released
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
This report is issued only to the signatory clients of the service agreement with the Pacific securities, the exclusive research product of the Pacific securities-contracting customers, and if you are not a Pacific securities-contracting customer, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any information in this report. Pacific securities will not be considered a Pacific securities customer by the recipient as a result of receiving, reading or paying attention to the content of this report in the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report