A steady increase in the performance of the petrochemical poles, and a time-limited increase in the amount of new materials available for the chemical industry Events: On the evening of April 16, 2025, Helium petrochemicals published their annual report for 2024.
Billions of dollars, or 201% more in the same year; net profit on the non-recarriage of the mother, $5,209 million less in the same year; short-term pressure on the refining plate; and high-end chemical products making a significant profit. Oil prices at the end of the world, with high international oil price shocks in 2024, the oil prices of the first half of the year collapsing and falling steadily: the second half of the year.
In 2024, the average Brent oil price was $79.86 per barrel, down from the 2023 hub. On the profit side of the plate, the company’s main subsidiary was constantly refined in 2024.
In 2024, the cost of purchasing crude oil was equal to that of the company, while the cost of other raw materials was lower. In 2024, the cost of selling refined products, pta and new materials were sold.
Data for 2024 for gasoline, diesel, kerosene, polypropylene, px, pure benzene ton theory Māori variations were +21, +2, 364, 431, 599, - 818 and +352 tons, respectively. The decline in refining plate profitability was mainly due to weak supply and demand in the industry and poor product prices
The company benefited from the full-scale construction and launch of the Heath for New Materials Park, and the performance of new high-end chemical materials products made a significant contribution. In January, the State Department launched the Action Plan for Carbon Conservation 2024-2025, which will be in place by the end of 2025.
Inner crude oil primary processing capacity is controlled at less than 1 billion tons, 2 million tonnes/years/years/years of constant pressure relief devices are phased out, production costs are high, small and old refineries are installed or phased out, the refining sector is gradually entering an era of stock competitiveness, the refining industry is concentrated and large-scale advanced refining is taking place.
The company has 20 million tons of advanced oil refining capacity, and has a strong advantage in cost control, raw materials synergy, integration coupling, and has prepared the largest coal-made hydrogen plant in the country in the park, at a low cost of 250,000 tons of scarce pure hydrogen per year, for construction.
The high-power self-equipped power plant, leading the industry in energy efficiency, has provided the refinery with large tons of crude oil tank areas and other types of public engineering facilities, such as raw materials, finished terminals, cannery areas, storage, etc., which have significantly reduced production and operating costs.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. breaks out of technology to enhance product competitiveness, and high-end chemical product increment space.
In Beijing, the city's west wing is located on the middle and high end of the market, in 2024.
Projects such as the 1.6 million tons/year high-performance resins and new materials project, the 400,000 tons/year high-performance specialized industrial and industrial arts project, the 12 linear functional thin film production lines at the Suzhou Lake Base, etc.
Looking ahead, the company produces 800,000 tons of functional polyester membrane, functional plastics, 600,000 tons of functional polyester membrane, functional film and 3 billion m2 of lithium electric diaphragms per year.
The Division’s performance space is expected to open up to maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company. Risk factors: the risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; and less profitable polyester fibre than expected
Risk; risk of excess refining capacity; and risk of new production capacity falling short of expectations. Wing Wing, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member, China Council of Geological Minerals Economics, Expert Bank, China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, Member, China Price Association, China Coal Price Commission, formerly China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields. He has been the chair of the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on large-scale energy panels since 2019.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Committee on Carbon Central and Specialized Industry of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, and a member of the Committee on Energy Transformation, Carbon Central and Petrochemical Industry Development. He has led a number of studies, including a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and has participated in the development of policy papers on the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March of that year, Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.