In the evening of 21 April 2025, Helium petrochemicals issued a first-quarter report for 2025.
The company’s profit chain has improved, and cash flows have been excellent to demonstrate business resilience. At the end of the oil price, the international oil prices as a whole in the \triangleright season of 2025 showed a two-stage trend of first falling and rising, the first phase of which was new to Trump.
The impact of such factors as the government, the United States plan to increase crude oil production, and the easing of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, with international oil prices falling; the second phase rebounded when United States sanctions against oil-producing countries such as Iran and Venezuela were tightened, and international oil prices rebounded. The average Brent oil price was $75 per quarter in the first quarter of 2025.
The same year, the barrel fell by 8%, and the ring grew by 1%. In terms of the price of the company’s products, the impact of the weakening in the first quarter of 2025, the price differentials in the downstream products of new materials, the profit margins of the company’s refining plates were relatively robust, and the sales price of the product fell by less than the price of oil on the same date.
In the first quarter of 2025, the sales rate of the company ' s refined products, pta and new materials were 91 per cent, and in the case of the gold stream, the net cash flow of the company in the first quarter of 2025 was $7,746 million.
In December, the State Council issued the Action Programme for Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction, 2024-2025, which, by the end of 2025, contained a single processing capacity of less than 1 billion tons of crude oil, completely phased out 2 million tonnes/years of constant pressure relief devices, produced small refineries with high costs and old installations, or phased out.
The refining industry is gradually entering an era of competitive stock capacity, and the concentration of the refining industry and the competitiveness of large and advanced refineries are expected to increase. The company has 20 million tons of advanced refining capacity, with significant advantages in terms of cost control, synergy of raw materials, and integration.
The largest coal-based hydrogen plant, which provides 250,000 tons of scarce pure hydrogen material at a low cost per year, has built a high-power power plant with a combined energy efficiency lead industry of 520mw and has provided the refinery with a large tons of crude oil-owned tank area and other types of raw materials, finished terminals, tank areas, storage.
For example, public engineering facilities have significantly reduced production and operating costs. Technological breakthroughs have increased product competitiveness, and high-end chemical products can be added to space.
Polyesters and new chemical materials products are rich in variety and are positioned in medium- and high-end market demand, public sector projects of 1.6 million tons/year high performance resins and new materials in 2024, 400,000 tons/year high-performance special industry projects of industrial silk intelligence production, 12 linear functional thin film production lines at the Suzhou Lake Base, etc.
Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., fully operational, benefiting from the continued production of high-end chemicals, corporate chemical panel performance
In the future, the company produces 800,000 tons of functional polyester membrane, plastics and plastics per year.
Projects such as the project, the production of 600,000 tonnes of functional polyester film per year, the functional film film and the 3 billion m2 of lithium electric diaphragm are gradually moving forward, with incremental high-end energy release still on the way, and new chemical materials are expected to contribute to higher corporate performance.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we predict that the net return profits of the company for 2025-2027 are expected to open up and maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company, respectively. Risk factors: the risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; and the failure of polyester fibres to make as much profit as expected
Risk; risk of excess refining capacity; and risk of new production capacity falling short of expectations. Wing Wing, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member, China Council of Geological Minerals Economics, Expert Bank, China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, Member, China Price Association, China Coal Price Commission, formerly China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields. He has been the chair of the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on large-scale energy panels since 2019.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Committee on Carbon Central and Specialized Industry of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, and a member of the Committee on Energy Transformation, Carbon Central and Petrochemical Industry Development. He has led a number of studies, including a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and has participated in the development of policy papers on the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March of that year, Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.