South Mountain Aluminium Industries (600219.sh) Aluminium Integration Enterprise, upstream production of non-ferrous metals
Since its inception, the company has continued to extend the industry chain up and down, gradually forming its current focus.
High-barrier products such as empty panels and motor panels, with overseas main focus on the development grid of upstream aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium, s09800504001 tons, cans of 600,000 tons, aluminum 90,000 tons, motor panels of 200,000 tons, and airboard design capacity of 50,000 tons.
In Indonesia, 4 million tons of aluminium oxide and 1 million tons of electrolytic aluminium are planned. In the country, the company has phased out 336,000 tons of high-energy electrolytic aluminium production in Shandong Province since 2023, and is expected to obtain better assets than in large cities (for the first time).
In addition, the company has 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide capacity in Shandong, but in previous years it has been able to produce about 1.7 million tons annually. Overseas, the company has been planning for an aluminium oxide project at Bintan Industrial Park in Indonesia since 2017.
There are significant cost advantages, with 2 million tons currently produced and equivalent capacity under preparation; and a downstream extension of the same industrial park to build 250,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium production capacity, with 1 million tons planned for the long term in Indonesia. Process ends focus on the development of high-end products such as motor panels, aviation plates, etc. The company has a full range of aluminium-processing products.
There are high-yielding and high-barrier products, of which automobile boards and airboards are high-end manufacturing-type materials that companies focus on. Automotive plates require high quality and are all customized.
At the end of the supply end, after 2017, electrolytic aluminium production can be transferred from coal-based areas to hydropower-based Yunnan, Guangxi, etc., with power distribution throughout the year.
At the end of the demand, the area of construction in the country in 2023 was equal to +17 per cent, but the production of aluminium materials in construction was equal to -0.8 per cent, as the end of the construction was correct.
The demand for goods and commodities was demonstrated by 2023. So the expected large decline in the area of property completion in 2024 does not mean a significant drag on demand for aluminium. Profit forecasting and valuation: the company’s performance is expected to be released as production moves forward.
In the interim, the first coverage was given as a “better than the big city.” Risk; the risk that the price of raw materials, such as electricity, would fall in the profitability of electrolytic aluminium, which was established in Longguchi, Shandong Province, in March 1999 and placed on the market in December 1999 in a stock code.
The company's main aluminium and aluminium-deep processing business has a short and complete industrial chain in the country, ranging from aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium to aluminium processing, as well as products such as high-value-added, high-barrel motor panels and airboards; in India, low-cost aluminium oxide production and ongoing electrolytic aluminium production have achieved a global layout.
By the end of the first quarter of 2024, the company’s first shareholder was the Nansan Group, which held a direct share of 22.08% of the company’s shares and, through the company holding the electric power industry, had two listed companies in addition to the South Mountain Aluminium industry, namely Nansan Ji Sang, who was involved in the textile and clothing industry.
The firm’s owner is the Nanshan Village Council, which holds 51% of the South Mountain Group’s shares, while 49% of the shares are held by the group’s chairman, Song Jianbo.
The fall in revenues after transferring electrolysis aluminum indicators has had little impact on net profits. In 2021-2023, companies each experienced a fall in revenue in 2023, mainly because consumer products were affected by European and American countries' foreign trade policies, and the collapse in product prices; and the absence of a significant decline in net profit for mothers was due to the fact that companies received a transfer of electrolytic aluminum indicators.
Aluminium chain characteristics: 1 Production feedstocks and production processes are relatively homogeneous: bauxite mines are almost the only raw materials for the production of aluminium oxide, aluminium oxide is the only raw material for the production of aluminium electrolysis, more than 90 per cent of the world ' s aluminium oxide is produced by the Bayer method, i.e., the alkaline method, and all raw aluminium is produced by the molten salt electrolysis process. 2 Global bauxite resources are not scarce.3 Aluminium industry
Aluminium is the most energy-dependent basic metal: producing 1 ton of electrolytic aluminium requires at least 4 tons of coal.
Aluminium has a variety of properties, such as low density, high intensity and corrosion resistance, which can reduce energy consumption during subsequent applications; Second, it has a high residual value, a well-developed recovery system, and high recycling efficiency.
The transfer of electrolytic aluminium production to low-cost areas The low cost is core competitiveness: the products of companies in the electrolytic aluminium industry are standardized bulk commodities, market fair pricing, product differences and premiums are non-existent; the production equipment of companies is the electrolytic cell, general
Nor is there a significant difference between the national Shenyang or Guiyang Design Court. So the competitive advantage of the electrolytic aluminium industry is mainly low. As shown in the figure below, the three alumina oxides, electricity, and predating anodes account for electricity, but the price difference between the regions of aluminium oxide is rarely 200 yuan/tons or more (more than 200 yuan/tons can cover transport).
Aluminium oxide purchases from aluminium plants in the same region are priced at a flat market price, so it is difficult to close the cost gap for aluminium oxide. Although the price difference is small in the area of the predestination poles, the use is relatively small (0.47 tons of aluminium consumed) due to the low value of the goods, with little impact on the cost of electrolytic aluminium.
Tons of electrolytic aluminium require 13,500 degrees of electricity, equivalent to 4 tons of coal, and the cost of electricity accounts for 30 per cent of the cost of electrolytic aluminium production in order to determine the ability of electrolytic aluminium production to follow cheap electricity: electrolytic aluminium can be divided into grids and home-made electricity, aluminium plants can get low-cost electricity, either in areas with low grid prices or in areas with low coal prices.
So the bulk of the shift in the country’s electrolytic aluminium production capacity is in search of electricity-priced lowlands. The supply end expands from a disorderly to an orderlyly manageable 2006-2017 is a rapid expansion of domestic electrolytic aluminium production: a period of high annual compound growth in domestic demand for aluminium.
At 13.0%, along with the rapid expansion of large enterprises in the industry, domestic electrolytic aluminium production increased at an average annual rate of 13.1% over the same period, resulting in a persistent excess of the domestic electrolytic aluminium industry. During the rapid expansion period, aluminium oxide squeezed into the profits of electrolytic aluminium: due to a much higher concentration of production in the domestic aluminium oxide industry.
The electrolytic aluminium industry has a strong bargaining power. In this period, whenever aluminium prices rise, the price of aluminium oxide increases rapidly, even more than the price of aluminium, thus crowding out profits from the electrolytic aluminium chain. So, apart from the industrial chain integration enterprise, the profitability of the electrolytic aluminium enterprise is not high in this period.
The industry pattern has changed with structural changes in the supply side of the electrolytic aluminium industry: after the restructuring of the supply side of the industry in 2017, capital spending has shrunk sharply, and even with capital expenditure, most of it has been recapitalized, with no new growth in capacity. And, with the excess capacity of aluminium oxide, it has been unable to absorb the refining profits of the electrolytic aluminium since then.
There has been a significant increase in the profitability of enterprises. In April 2017, the issuance of the Circular on Publication (release industry No. [617] 656) was issued, with the highest degree of electrolytic aluminium production in the country.
Controls have resulted in the closure of 889 million tonnes/year of additional production capacity in violation of the law, involving eight provinces (districts, municipalities), of which 5.17 million tonnes/year are built and 3.72 million tonnes/year are under construction; the momentum for the expansion of new capacity blindly has been contained and 11 million tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium production planned for construction in 10 enterprises in four provinces and districts of the country has been halted.
The policy for the clean-up of electrolytic aluminium infractions is based on the Circular on the Issuance of Recommendations on Iron, Electrolytic Aluminium, and Ship Industry Offences in Liquidation (No. 1494). According to the Colored Association, 9.97 million tonnes/year of active capacity are recorded.
And one of the bases for the conversion of capacity. Together with the 9.44 million tonnes of capacity built by the end of 2004, the State's authorized legal gross capacity should be 4,731,000 tonnes, but the overall legal capacity is about 45 million tonnes, due to the fact that 9.44 million tonnes of capacity is still lagging and that legal entities change ineffective capacity that cannot be replaced.
As of the beginning of August 2023, domestic electrolytic aluminium operations had reached almost 42.5 million tons, with virtually no increase in their capacity.
Figure 23: Changes in the capacity of China ' s electrolytic aluminium production in 2023-2025 (tonnes) has the advantage of low-cost expansion of China ' s electrolytic aluminium, and we recall that the distribution of Chinese electrolytic aluminium production in the global cost curves shows that, 10 years ago, China ' s electrolytic aluminium production accounted for 36 per cent of the world ' s capacity, most of which is at global cost.
After 50% of the cost curve, global costs are high. As our low-cost “coal-electric-aluminium” industrial chain expands, our electrolytic aluminium production moves forward in the global cost curve, and by 2019, we accounted for 56% of the world's electrolytic aluminium production, with China accounting for 59% of the top 25% of the world's lowest cost.
China exports aluminium to meet the demand for foreign aluminium. As a result of the 30% tariff on original aluminium exports, a large portion of the electrolytic aluminium produced in China is exported abroad in the form of aluminium to meet the growth in demand for foreign aluminium. So once China’s electrolytic aluminium production slows down, the global supply will become tight, requiring a second expansion of foreign electrolytic aluminium production.
Aluminium is needed globally. In contrast to home countries, foreign production is often slow: as a result of high carbon emissions of electrolytic aluminium, developed countries have almost ceased to build new aluminium production capacity and, over the past 20 years, European and American electrolytic aluminium production, industrial support, and industrial workers have been shrinking; if electrolytic aluminium is to be built in developing countries, it will require supporting infrastructure, and investment will be needed.
Large, long construction cycles, high risks, and many aluminiums are at risk today. The supply and demand of electrolytic aluminium is tight, and the price center is expected to move up. The value of copper is mainly at the mine, the value of aluminium is mainly at the smelting end, so copper is a resource-dependent dealer.
In the early years of the century, the prices of copper and aluminium were very close to, or even once equal, but in recent years the prices of copper and aluminium have been more than three times higher. Adequate supply and stable prices have become a major advantage in the range of aluminium applications.
Aluminium has excellent properties and continues to replace other materials: Aluminium has a density of 2.7 g/cm3, 34% of steel density and 30% of copper density. Adding alloy elements with a significant increase in strength and a good plastic shape that can be processed into complex shapes is a good lightly quantified material. Aluminium has a heat conductivity coefficient of 237w/m.k, pure copper 398w/m.k, pure silver 411w/m.k,
Iron 73w/m.k, aluminium has less heat than silver and copper, much higher than iron, and higher value for money. Adequate resource barriers, stable prices, have also led to a sustained expansion in the application of aluminium, replacing copper with conductive heat, and iron with light quantification, as shown below. Global demand for aluminium has grown significantly faster than industrial metals, such as copper and zinc, over the last two decades.
How to look at the impact of the downside of the completion of real estate: the year 2023 saw an increase of 17% in the size of the country’s housing construction year-on-years-on-year, but it was shown before construction, so that the year 2023 was a high base for the completion area, but not a high base for the demand for physical goods. The expected year 2024 is therefore a significant decline in the area of the completion of real estate, which does not mean a significant drag on the demand for aluminium.
This is why the first quarter of 2024 saw a 21% drop in the same area, but domestic demand for aluminium is growing at a rate close to the development route of “high-end domestic manufacturing, out-of-country.” Since its inception, the company has continued to go up and down the aluminium chain, extending and deep-deeping, with a complete chain of thermal power-aluminium oxide-aluminium-aluminium-aluminium processing materials.
In this context, the company focuses on the development of aluminium processing in the country, expanding the capacity of high-end processing materials such as motor panels and airboards;
Figure 28: Production of sub-species of the company's downstream aluminium processing materials (in tons) Electrolysis aluminium: transfer of domestic indicators, distribution of overseas production capacity.
The bulletin states that 336 million tons of electrolytic aluminium production energy are to be transferred out, as the Circular on Energy Efficiency Levels and Baseline Levels in Focused Areas in Energy Effort Industry provides for a baseline level of 13,350 degrees per ton of aluminum consumption in the electrolytic aluminium industry, with projects that have not reached the benchmark level phased out in various locations within three years from 2022, while companies have to phase out projects that do not reach the benchmark level.
The transferred electrolytic aluminium production line, which includes 78 160ka precalculation cells (36,000 tons per year) and 412 300ka precalculation cells (300,000 tons per year), was put into production prior to 2006, making it difficult to adapt. The upstream raw material gap was relatively flexible after the company ' s transfer target, allowing for the purchase of green aluminium.
In addition, all of the company's electrolytic aluminium is in fire power, with high coal prices in 2022, with an average annual electricity cost of about 0.53 yuan/degree and a lower net one-ton gain. Multiple factors add up, and the company decides to transfer this part of the capacity. The net book value of the company's production line is about 7.76 per cent.
After the transfer is complete, the company still has 480,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium. Currently, the company is in the process of transferring 336,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium in three transfers: 1 100,000 tons of electrolysis in January 2023.
Aluminium indicators were sold to Guizhou Hua Yin, a subsidiary of the Chinese aluminium industry, for a tax unit price of $6,633 million, which had been completed by the end of 2023; (2) 1.36 million tons of electrolytic aluminium was sold to the binary aluminium industry in February 2023, at a unit price of $663 million.
The transfer has been completed to 136,000 tons, and the remaining 200,000 tons are still in the process of being transferred.
Construction of 250,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium and ancillary carbon production capacity in Indonesia. The company issued an announcement in April 2023, which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2026 in order to be effective in the form of 260,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium and 260,000 tons of ancillary carbon.
The company owns 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide in Shandong. The company's aluminium oxide is divided into two layouts, both domestic and overseas, of which 1.4 million tons are located at the East China Sea Industrial Park in Yongdong City in Shandong Province, where it was produced in 2006. Since aluminium oxide is not restricted to production ceilings like electrolytic aluminium, it has to be produced by target.
The company has achieved excess output, which is stable at about 1.7 million tons per year, and the rest of it is sold abroad after guaranteed downstream electrolysis. The country’s aluminium oxide production is distributed mainly in the provinces of Shandong, Shanxi, Guangxi, Henan, where profits are higher in Guangxi and Shandong, while profits are lower in Shanxi and Henan.
Prior to the price increase, aluminium oxides in Shanxi, Henan, etc. were hovering near the profit/loss balance line, and Maori in Guangxi, Shandong were around $200-500 per ton; Maori in low-cost areas is now around $1,200/t, and Maori in high-cost areas around $850/t. Aluminium oxides in Shandong are mainly imported.
The company has 2 million tons of capacity to build +2 million tons of aluminium oxide under construction in Indonesia. Given Indonesia’s rich bauxite and coal resources, the company decided to raise a share in building the “Bintainland Industrial Park in Indonesia” of 1 million.
Aluminium Oxide Project, a construction site in Bintan, Liaonai Province, Indonesia, which began construction in 2018, was launched in May 2021 and reached production in September of that year. The project is being implemented by the company's overseas indirect holding subsidiary, Bai, which currently holds 69.07% of the company's share in Bai. In 2019, the Bai Replenishment was expanded to Bintan, Indonesia.
In April of this year, the company announced a new project to expand aluminium oxide in Indonesia, with a total investment of 3,068 million yuan in phase II. The above-mentioned 2 million tons of production could be fully operational in October 2022, with production expected to reach about 2.1 million tons in 2024.
A total investment of $6.332 billion in two stages of construction, with a total planned construction period of 2.5 years, is expected to be fully invested by the end of 2026. The price of Aluminium Oxide in Indonesia is slightly lower than in the country, but it has a significant cost advantage. Aluminium Oxide produced by companies in Indonesia is sold mainly to neighbouring South-East Asia, the Middle East, etc., using Australian aluminium Oxide quotes from fob. 2022-2024.
Aluminium oxide in Australia forfob of US$ 360.53/343.06/383.12 per ton and RMB 2,424.94/2,417.44/2,721.5 per ton, respectively; Aluminium Oxide in Shandong for spot prices (excluding taxes) of 2,611.82/2,568.84/3,006.45 per ton, respectively, which is slightly higher than overseas, as a result of the Indonesian bauxite ore.
The unit price is much cheaper than in the country, and bauxite mines account for about half of the cost of producing aluminium oxide in Indonesia, so the cost of aluminium oxide in Indonesia has a significant advantage, even though the price of aluminium oxide overseas is about 200 yuan/tonne lower than in the country, and overseas profitability is still a special economic zone with a tax advantage for the company Aluminium Ooxide Indonesia.
The company Aluminium Oxide in Indonesia, which is located in the Bintan Industrial Park, is authorized by the Government to become a special economic zone and is entitled to tax concessions under the law and is exempt from VAT and import duties. Moreover, enterprises in the special economic zone can apply to the Indonesian Ministry of Finance and the Tax Administration for a 20% reduction per year for 10-25 years.
The income tax rate is 22%, but the income tax deduction between 2021 and 2040 is 100% for sales of aluminium oxide powder. It is proposed to split the subsidiary Nanshan Aluminium International into the Hong Kong stock market, and the company’s share share in the bei will remain the same after completion.
Deepening its operations in Indonesia and surrounding markets to exploit the advantages of the Indonesian bauxite resources, the company plans to split its controlled subsidiary, South Mountain Aluminium International, into the Hong Kong main trading board, the main operating entity being Bai, an Aluminium Oxide subsidiary in Indonesia.
Internationally issued shares in the South Mountain Aluminium industry are offered as a price swap for their shares at the bei level. As shown in the figure below, the share of the listed companies in the bei is essentially the same before and after the break-up.
Aluminium processing: a focus on high-end products such as motor panels, airboards Aluminium processing products such as canisters, industrial materials, construction materials, packaging, etc.; higher-value-added products such as motor panels, airboards, batteries, etc.
1.22 million tonnes of capacity: tank capacity of 600,000 tonnes, aluminium complex capacity of 91,000 tonnes (packaging + 70,000 tonnes of potion, battery capacity of 21 million tonnes), motor panel capacity of 200,000 tonnes, airboard design capacity of 50,000 tonnes, model material production capacity of 36: chain layout of the South Mountain aluminium industry
The company is the country’s first car-plate supplier, with a pre-emptive advantage. The company’s car-plate is used mainly for the four-gate slabs of the car, which are now one of the directions of the car’s development, given the need to reduce energy efficiency and increase comfort.
In recent years, companies have stepped up their technological research and development on automobile board products, achieving bulk delivery in 2017, marking the company’s first batch in the country.
So far, the company has been working closely with a number of well-known manufacturers and suppliers of parts and components, including Cyrus, Mi, BMW, GSM, Nissan, Uranium, etc. In April 2021, the company’s monthly production of car plates was reduced for the first time, and in the same year, the company began building car plates.
The company is the only company in the country that supplies both Boeing, Airfarers, and Chinese commercial jets. The air plate has always been a short plate for the country’s aluminium processing industry, and the company is the first private company in the country to produce a large and stable quantity of airboards.
It fills the gaps in the use of aluminium for civil aviation by domestic enterprises, and has a pre-emptive advantage over foreign aviation, aluminium suppliers, company airboard products with short procurement cycles, timely supply stability, price advantages, etc. The company is now flying with Chinese businesses, Boeing, Airfinder, British Rolo, French peaks, etc.
In recent years, companies have focused on high-value-added products, which are represented by motor panels, air panels, power cells, etc. In 2023, high-end sales accounted for about the total sales of corporate aluminium products.
14%, more than 1 pct; high-end Māori accounts for about 30% of the company ' s total aluminium product, which is close to 9 pct. The company ' s profit ratio for high-end products will increase further in the future as the production capacity of high-end products is released.
Under the influence of policies such as protection, the company has funded the establishment of the Longguchi South Mountain Reclamation Resources Company Ltd., which is mainly engaged in metal-based processing of paraffins. The project is capable of achieving a complete closed ring of "aluminium oxide -- electrolytic aluminium -- high-end manufacture -- regenerative aluminium" that will lead to the upgrading of the company's productive structure.
The company’s main business is the processing of aluminium oxide + electrolytic aluminium + aluminium, and we've selected the Shinogu shares that are also engaged in electrolysis and aluminium processing, the Tianshan Aluminium industry, and the three listed companies in the Chinese Mobil industry as comparable companies for the same industry. In terms of volume, the company’s revenue and profits are at a relatively high level among comparable companies.
See, the company ' s profit margin is stable, with a rise in net interest rates beginning in 2021, mainly due to Indonesia ' s low output, figure 42: Intra-industry firm ' s capacity for comparison, the company ' s inventory and accounts receivable swing days are longer than those of comparable companies.
In addition, the company’s liquidity risk index monetary funds/short-term debt is clear, and our profitability projections are based on the following assumptions:
Cost and profit: The cost of electrolytic aluminium manufacture is mainly influenced by electricity prices, aluminium oxide, and precalcining anodes. Assuming that the electricity cost of public Shandong aluminum is 0.43/degree before taxes, the unit cost of producing electrolytic aluminium in 2023-2025 is $151,000/t. Accordingly, the company ' s unit of electrolytic aluminum in 2023-2025 is Māori, respectively.
Cost and profit: Aluminium oxide in the country is located in Shandong, and Aluminium Oxide in Shandong is 2021-2023 RMB/ton. Correspondingly, Aluminium Oxide units in the company in 2024-2026 were 509,709,3 and Aluminium Oxide in Indonesia, respectively.
Production and sale price: The company ' s hydrogen aluminium production in Indonesia began production in 2021, and we assume that 2 million tons of production is expected to start in 2026, assuming that the company ' s aluminium oxide production in Indonesia in 2024-2026 will be cost and profit: due to the abundance of bauxite resources in Indonesia, the cost is lower than in the country and is projected
The cost in 2024-2026 was $1775 per ton, and at this cost 987 per ton per ton. Production: The company ' s plate-belt products were divided into three categories, namely, filamentary cans, packaging and batteries, assuming a combined production of 600,000 tons per year in 2024-2026 for the three products.
Māori: Since last year, the processing cost of aluminum-like products has been under pressure, assuming a single ton profit of 800 ton per ton from 2024 to 2026. Production: the company ' s motor panels currently have 200,000 tons of capacity and an additional 200,000 tons of capacity is expected to be available this year.
Māori: The airboard pricing model is a one-time price, determined in conjunction with the company's other aluminium-processing products, the “aluminium price plus processing fee”, and on the basis of these assumptions, we received a return on the company's asset disposal gains of 2024-2026, i.e. the sale of electrolytic aluminium.
The second amount of proceeds from asset disposal, about $1.4 billion, can be refunded after the buyer's completion, with some uncertainty about the timing, so we did not take this into account in our assumption of net return profits.
The company's performance is sensitive to the price of electrolysis aluminium and the price of aluminium oxide, the sensitivity of the company's profit projections is shown in the table below. Taking into account the company's business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the company's reasonable valuation assumptions, as shown in the table below.
In addition to being exempt from VAT and import duties, the Indonesian Aluminium Oxide subsidiary, which contributes significantly to the net profits of the company, would benefit from tax concessions in 2040 and earlier, income tax relief and absolute valuation sensitivity analysis of profits from sales of aluminium Oxide powder
The absolute valuation is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, and the following is a sensitivity analysis. In comparable companies, the Chinese aluminium industry, the Tianshan aluminium industry, the Yun-Aluminium shares, and the Shinto-Fire four companies, which also have electrolytic aluminium and aluminium processing capacity, are valued using the pe method as comparable companies.
The main business in the Chinese aluminium industry (60160.sh) consists of four main plates: aluminium oxide, aluminium primary, trade, and energy, and the Chinese aluminium main industry has formed a complete industrial chain of bauxite-aluminium oxide-aluminium electrolytic aluminium-aluminium alloys. In 2023, the company produced 1.667 million tons of aluminium oxide, representing a rate of 20.3 per cent in the country; electrolytic aluminium produced 6.79 million tons, with a share in the domestic market.
In 2023, the company produced 1,165.5 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, 2.11.9 million tons of aluminium oxide, 59.89 million tons of apogee carbon and 4.28 million tons of high pure aluminium.
The main operations of the Aluminium shares (000807.sz) are bauxite mining, aluminium oxide production, aluminium smelting, aluminium processing and aluminium charcoal production, which produced 24.93 million tons of aluminium products in 2023. The company is currently the largest green aluminium supplier in the country, with a capacity of 3.05 million tons of green aluminium and a proportion of green electricity in 2022 in the production and use structure.
By about 80 per cent, carbon emissions would be about 20 per cent of coal-fired aluminium, with a reduction of 10 tons of carbon dioxide equivalent/tonne of aluminium compared to coal-fired aluminium.The main business of Shinto-Fi (000933.sz) is coal, aluminium oxide, aluminium electrolysis, aluminium processing materials, etc., before which the annual production capacity of the major products of Shinto-Fi is 15 million tons of coal, 900,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium, electricity generation, etc.
The average arithmetic value compared to the company ' s 2024 pe times is 10.5 x, according to the latest collection price. The difference in valuation levels between the companies is large, as shown in the table below, as the share of Shinto-Fi in 2024 is only 6.5 x.
The overall valuation level in the coal industry is lower than in the electrolytic aluminium and aluminium processing industries, and the coal industry accounts for about 40% of the Māori share of the Kaguya stock, which is higher. We think that we gave the company 12-14 times more than 12-14 timespe in 2024, and we used absolute valuation and relative valuation methods, which combine from many angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company.
The calculation of free cash flows over the next few years, the calculation of weighted average capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv and the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies have been integrated into the judgement of many individuals, which has led to the wind of deviations in the valuation; the high annual free cash flow calculation value, which has led to the risk of valuation bias;
The weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm ' s absolute valuation, and we assume in calculating Wacc that the risk-free rate is 3.0 per cent and the risk premium is 6.5 per cent, and that there may still be a risk of low estimation or take-off of these parameters, resulting in lower wacc calculations, leading to overvaluation of the company ' s valuation;
We assume that in the next 10 years, the company tv will grow by 0.5%, that the industry in which the company is located may change significantly, and that the company will continue to grow with low or negative real growth, leading to high corporate valuations. In terms of relative valuations, we have selected the Chinese aluminium industry, Tianshan aluminium industry, and the Chinese aluminium industry, which also has the capacity to process electrolyte and aluminium.
As a reference for relative valuations, Aluminium shares, Shinyo shares, or four companies, may not have taken sufficient account of the market and the industry as a whole’s risk of overvaluation for 24 years by 10-12 timespe. The expectation is optimistic, leading to an overestimation of the risk of performance over the next three years.
Aluminium electrolysis and aluminium oxide prices have increased significantly over the years, and the company’s 2 million tons of low-cost oxygen production in Indonesia is expected to reach full production by 2024. There may be a risk that the company’s profit forecast for the next three years will be higher than its real value by underestimating company costs and overestimating Māori.
Receivables, bills of receivables, etc. are more expensive. A company’s downstream customer settlement is available for a period of weeks and may increase further in the future as the company’s sales continue to grow.
Cash flows from battalion activities, which adversely affect the company ' s level of production operations and performance, and the Federal Reserve ' s over-anticipated interest hikes, which have resulted in the suppression of metal prices.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject