The integrated layout of the aluminium industry chain, with domestic and foreign upstream and downstream growth support, the South Mountain Aluminium Industry (600219.sh)
• Integrated layout of the aluminium industry chain, domestic and foreign upstream and downstream, helping to grow, integration of the South Mountain aluminium industry, multi-product layout of profitable moats, downstream focus motor panels, airboards, etc., high-value-added projects that simultaneously advance the orderly expansion of the second Aluminium Oxide project in Indonesia and plan for aluminium oxide operations
On the basis of further investment in the construction of electrolytic aluminium, opening up the upstream growth space, opening a new chapter in the overseas layout, considering the proceeds from the sale of the remaining 200,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium, the net profit in 2023 consists of the proceeds from the disposal of the assets of the electrolytic aluminum index sold that year.
Not 11.5, 11.4, 10.0 times, for the first time, with a "buy-in" rating. ..The first hand-painting advantage of Indonesia is highlighted by the fact that downstream power is high-end manufacturing of well-earned moats that have evolved over the years and that companies have formed from thermal power, aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium, molten cast, aluminium materials/heated rolls - cold swings.
Aluminium processing industrial chain in integrated layouts, i.e., scrap aluminium recycling (reclamation), i.e., raw materials end: company 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide + 480,000 tons of precalculation anode in Shandong layout to meet self-use requirements for electrolytic aluminium production, to reduce the risk of price volatility of raw materials, and company hand-painting Indonesia, with clear advantages, aluminium oxide, electricity
(ii) Aluminium processing: operations cover a wide range of product types such as aluminium straps (carboards, airboards, cans), aluminium materials (industrial, building materials), aluminium sorghum, etc., and end products are widely applied in a wide range of areas, with emphasis on dynamic motor panels and high attachments to airboards.
• Strengthened implementation of shareholder returns + equity buybacks, with medium- and long-term investment values highlighted, and corporate equity payments exceeded 40% in 2023, demonstrating firm confidence in long-term development and maintenance
Long-term interests and the overall interests of all shareholders. And expected: (3) Indonesia’s second 2 million-ton aluminium oxide project is not progressing as expected.
1.1. The advantages of Indonesia’s first release are evident, and the growth of high-end aluminium processing highlights the fact that Indonesia’s upstream profile is clear, with downstream focus on high-end manufacturing increasing value added. The South Mountain aluminium industry was the first to be involved in the production and processing of aluminium materials, and was successfully placed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 23 December 1999.
In the city, corporate assets were injected in 2007 and companies gradually developed from integrated industrial enterprises based on building materials, textiles and electricity to businesses with aluminium as their core business. In 2016, the acquisition of IEDs increased to 81.6 million tonnes/year, and 412 300ka precalculation tanks (approved 300,000 tonnes/year), corresponding to the sale of 336,000 tonnes/year.
The electrolytic aluminium production indicator, which has been sold to date, is 136,000 tons, and if the remaining 200,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium production is sold, the company ' s domestic electrolytic aluminium production compliance target is 480,000 tons, but the company plans to build 250,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium production capacity in Indonesia, with a total of 1 million tons planned in the future. In addition, the company oxidizes to the top layout.
Aluminium, moving downstream into high-end processing, completing an integrated layout; according to the aluminium oxide chain, the company completed 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide production in Shandong in 2012, 2 million tons of aluminium oxide production capacity in Indonesia (a phase of production of 1 million tons in 2021 and 1 million tons in 2022), and plans to expand 2 million tons of aluminium oxide capacity in Indonesia.
It is expected to be fully operational in 2027: in the aluminium processing process, the company ' s main pre-existing aluminium processing industry, namely, cannery, materials, packaging, etc., started in 2015 with the production capacity of airboards, high-end aluminium processing of motor panels, which are currently designed to produce 50,000 tons, motor panels are producing 200,000 tons, motor panels are building 200,000 tons, and it is projected to produce 200,000 tons in 2024.
During the year, the production of high-end products became operational, increasing the company’s high-additional share of products, and its profitability steadily increased. 1.2, equity structure is concentrated, affiliates are clearly divided, corporate equity structure is concentrated, and the aluminium industry is focused on the chain.
The ownership structure is more centralized and stable. The company controls the ownership of the village council, which holds 26.6% of the company, while the group directly holds 9.05% of the shares through the electricity industry and bonds/property holdings.
The subsidiary is responsible for different operations and clear lines. The South Mountain aluminium industry has four domestic subsidiaries that are important to the company: new materials for smoke, new materials for aluminium pressure, aluminium oxide, aluminium for smoke, and aluminum for aluminium oxide and aluminum, and a clear line of management.
Figure 2: In 2016-2023, the business income of the Department of Public Affairs increased by 10.23 per cent annually and the price of aluminium by 7.63 per cent annually. Overall, the price of aluminium increased by 7.63 per cent.
In 2023, the weakening of overseas demand, the fall in prices on the aluminum in the market, and the fall in the volume of aluminum processed products, affected the company’s operating income, but in 2023, the company transferred some of the electrolytic aluminum targets and the related disposal of assets to approximately $755 million, partially compensating for the decline in performance.
Aluminium oxide production in Indonesia has gradually increased the Aluminium Oxide collection/Mauritania ratio, and the company ' s performance structure has shifted from the former cold/hot roller products, the bulk of aluminium materials to cold/hot roller products, aluminium-type materials, and the three-legged Aluminium Oxide receipts in 2023 amounted to 88.02 per cent, while Māori accounted for 90.03 per cent of the total.
Aluminium oxide was fully produced in Indonesia, and the contribution of aluminum oxide revenue is increasing. Aluminium oxide started production in May 2021 in Indonesia, and a further 1 million in October 2022 in Indonesia, resulting in an increase in the production of aluminum oxide, which resulted in an increase in sales in 2023 compared to the 2020 Aluminium Ooxidation operating income and the Māori share, respectively.
High-end products are active, and the structure of the products is constantly improving the profitability of the company. The company’s downstream product layout covers a variety of product types such as aluminium straps (carboards, airboards, cans), aluminium-type materials (industrial, building materials), aluminium-plate, among others, motor panels, airboards, high-performance power cells, etc., which are in high-end processing, with a high level of profitability.
In traditional aluminium processing, coupled with the gradual upswing of airboard and carboard production, the structure of the company ' s products will continue to be optimized, with high-end products selling about 14 per cent of the total sales of the South Mountain aluminium product in 2023, and high-end Māori products accounting for about 30 per cent of the total Māori of the company ' s aluminium product, an increase of almost 9 percentage points from the previous year, which we believe will be accompanied by future high-end product production.
The asset and liability structure is superior to that of peers, and operational management capacity continues to be strengthened. Since 2016, corporate assets have been fully funded with $26.3 billion in cash. In addition, the three cost ratios of the company have been stable over the last three years, reflecting the firm ' s adequacy.
Harnessing synergies in industrial resources and significantly enhancing in-house business management capacity. 1.4. Strengthened implementation of shareholder returns + equity buy-backs, with medium- and long-term investment values highlighted. Companies acting on the basis of a combination of strategic corporate development objectives, business planning, profitability, etc.
Further feedback from a wide range of investors on their support for the company, with a series of shareholder return programmes planned for 2024, with long-term interests of the company and the overall interests of all shareholders.2 The integrated layout of the aluminium industry chain helps the company grow up and down.
Integrated, multi-product-based mounding, and Indonesian projects are simultaneously advancing to open the growth space. Over the years, the company has developed a chain of aluminium processing from thermal power, aluminium oxide, aluminium electrolysis, molten casts, aluminium materials/heat roll-cooling-cooling, aluminium recycling (reclamation) integrated layouts, (1) upstream products, including electricity, oxidation.
Aluminium, aluminium alloy ingots, (2) downstream products: covers a variety of product types such as aluminium straps (carboards, aviation panels, cans), aluminium-type materials (industrial, building materials), aluminium-based sorghums, etc., with a wide range of end-uses, of which aluminium-strap products are mainly used for processing aviation plates, motor panels, tank caps, etc., and industrial-type products.
For containers, photovoltaic products, aluminium for new energy vehicles, orbital transport, etc., building materials products are mainly used in aluminium alloy windows, curtain walls, etc., aluminum products are mainly used in high-performance power cell pylons, corporate multi-product layout business models, building profitable river protections, and improving risk resistance. In addition, companies are simultaneously promoting overseas projects.
An orderly expansion to further invest in the construction of electrolytic aluminium based on the aluminium oxide business, opening up the upstream growth space, opening a new chapter in the overseas layout, building a two-wheel drive for both domestic and foreign operations, and co-development patterns. 2.1. Aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium wheels open up the growth space in Indonesia.
Aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium wheels opened up the space for growth. Prior to 2013, the company’s cryogenic and high-temperature mines were purchased from Indonesia and Australia, respectively; after the Indonesian government’s “limiting mining” in January 2014, pressure was placed on the company’s supply stability and purchase prices, and the Aluminium South industry quickly adjusted its strategy.
Bauxite production requirements were met by a price-fixing model linked to lme through a long-term supply agreement with Keto in the same year. From 2014 to date, companies have purchased more than 90 per cent of bauxite annually from mining: after years of preparation and advancement, the South Mountain aluminium industry acquired Indonesia in 2017.
The Presidential Decree approved the establishment of the Carambatan Special Economic Zone on the island of Bintan as the first to be managed by the development of Chinese-owned enterprises and focused on the development of the aluminium business; since 2018, the South Mountain aluminium industry has been building a aluminium oxide project at the Bintan Industrial Park, which was carried out in two phases and was fully operational on 23 October 2022 at 2 million tons of aluminium oxide production capacity.
During the last two years, the company plans to expand aluminium oxide capacity in Indonesia and to further extend the industrial chain downstream: (1) aluminium oxide: an additional 2 million tons per year of aluminium oxide in addition to the original 2 million tons of capacity, for a total construction period of about 2.5 years, with a total investment of about RMB 6,332 million: (2) electrolytic aluminium production capacity: for the efficient use of the same industrial park
Aluminium oxide resources to reduce the cost of producing electrolytic aluminium, the company funded the construction of 250,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium, 260,000 tons of carbon per year at Bintan Industrial Park, Indonesia, and supported the construction of public support facilities such as wharfs, reservoirs and slags. The vertically integrated layout helped companies to control costs, secure the supply of raw materials and reduce their dependence on a single market.
As of 2023, Aluminium Oxide Indonesia, the South Mountain Aluminium Industry, aluminium Oxidium Indonesia, had been the largest producer in Indonesia.
The South Mountain aluminium industry, the Mku industry, the red-stone aluminium industry and the Qilin aluminium industry share in the same share, with 69.1% of the South Mountain aluminium industry, of which Mku owns large private bauxite mines in Indonesia, and the Qi aluminium industry is the largest electrolytic aluminium industry in South-East Asia.
Aluminium takes three steps, complements its strengths, and forms a win-win pattern. 2.1.2, improves the current production capacity of Aluminium Oxide in Indonesia and extends down the chain of industry.
Building on its technical expertise in the aluminium industry chain, its rich experience in park management and capacity-building, as well as its unique business culture, it succeeded in making the Bintang Industrial Park in Indonesia a high-standard, high-grade, independent industrial park. In April 2023, the South Mountain aluminium industry announced its intention to build a 250,000-ton electric aluminium plant and 260,000-ton-year-old aluminium plant in Bintán Industrial Park.
The company has a long-term plan to gradually expand the capacity of the electrolytic aluminium production to 1 million tons. Good political and commercial relations have led to a substantial reduction in the project’s taxes and fees.
In 2017-2023, the South Mountain Aluminium Industry launched a 2 million-tonne annual aluminium oxide project in the park, equipped with a well-developed infrastructure, which is highly recognized by the Indonesian government and enjoys preferential policies in the Carambatan Special Economic Zone: (1) exemption from import value added for equipment and materials imported from abroad.
Taxes, customs duties, withholding of corporate income tax: Value Added Tax (VAT) exemption for equipment and materials purchased from Indonesian territory. (2) Business income tax relief of 100 per cent is granted for profits from sales of aluminium oxide powder for a period of 20 years.
The company’s operations in Indonesia are now listed in the international capital market.
This scheme will provide an independent fund-raising platform for Nansan Aluminium International, which can receive equity or debt financing directly from the Hong Kong capital market in order to respond to the financial needs of existing and future business expansions, while facilitating capital market fragmentation.
A reasonable valuation of assets and improvements to the governance structure of the proposed disassembly through the Hong Kong capital market, thus enhancing the performance of the operations of the proposed disassembly so that the value of the company's high-quality assets is adequate and reasonable in the capital market. Figure 19: In the restructuring of the pre-equity structure, Aluminium Oxide assets in Indonesia are present in gai
Figure 20: Aluminium Oxide assets in Indonesia are expected to be adjusted to the South Mountain Aluminium Industry International, 2.2 in response to the double carbon target to phase out backward capacity, to plan for regenerative aluminium production to fill the demand gap for aluminum aluminum, to advance the green sustainable development process and to transfer electrolytic aluminum targets.
Double-carbon targets, determined to phase out backward production processes, technologies and equipment through the transfer of electrolysis aluminum production indicators to the south-west, with a combined external transfer of 336,000 tons of electrolytic aluminum production indicators, namely: Hua Yin in Guizhou (100,000 tons, with a total tax value of $663 million), Heinin in Guizhou (136,000 tons, with a tax value of $902 million), and six bowls of water in Guizhou.
Aluminium mounds (100,000 tons with a total tax value of 663 million yuan). In 2023, 1.36 million tons of electrolysis aluminum were transferred to the company ' s electrolytic aluminum index for the transfer and disposal of related assets totalling 755 million yuan, while 200,000 tons of electrolytic aluminum were still in a dry-cut position.
Aluminium processing capacity is large and plans are under way to build a regenerated aluminium to fill the short plate of aluminum. To date, the company ' s aluminum processing capacity has totalled 12.21 million tons, followed by 200,000 tons of carboard processing, but only 680,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium production is to be planned, and the company ' s electrolytic aluminum production will be reduced to 480,000 tons after completion of the transfer of the remaining 200,000 tons of electrolytic aluminum.
The aluminum aluminum self-sufficiency rate has been significantly reduced, and in order to cover the aluminum infusion gap, the company has been setting up a regenerative aluminum business. In August 2021, the aluminum industry established a joint venture with the new materials industry in Long Kong, with 60% of the aluminum industry in Nanshan, and acquired the remaining 40% in 2022, and since then the regenerative resource company has become a fully-owned subsidiary of the aluminum industry in Namsan.
Starting with renewable power generation, the power of Shandong nuclear power will become a future booster. The South Mountain aluminium industry now has its own heat power plant, which has a total installed of 1,81 million kW, and the thermal power required for aluminium processing is largely self-sufficient.
In 2023, the South Mountain aluminium industry accumulated 100 megawatts of light voltage, with an estimated annual capacity of 100 million kilowatt-hours. The company’s forward planning will also use green, low-carbon energy sources such as nuclear power in Shandong Province to gradually replace the existing energy supply.
The natural advantage, coupled with the photovoltaic layout of the roof, is that the South Mountain aluminium industry is more selective in its energy structure optimization or more quickly achieves the goal of a green low carbon.
2.3.1. In a light-quantized wave, automobile board operations are fast-growing, and the use of car aluminium plates in the country is lower than in Europe and America, and there is much room for growth. Automobile aluminium plates are used mainly for body cover, covering four doors (front and rear doors, hoods, trunk caps, roof sheds, wing panels, etc.).
Aluminium slabs used in one-car, approximately 45 kgg, accounting for about 22% of aluminium alloys used in one-car, estimated at 4.2% of cagr in 2022-2026, compared to 3.8% of cagr in one-car, and about 60 kgg of aluminium slabs in 2022 and 26.5% of aluminium alloys used in one-car, projected at 2022-2030
1.4%, compared to 1.3% for aluminium in bicycles; overall, the Euro-American market has more growth than the total aluminium in the car. According to the domestic market, according to the Cm Group, in 2022, the country used about 25 kg of aluminium in bicycles, accounting for 16% of aluminium alloys in vehicles, with a greater potential for growth in the domestic aluminium market than in the European-American market.
European and American manufacturers have a long-standing monopoly on the global automobile aluminium market, and the South Mountain aluminium industry has a strong advantage. According to smm, by 2020, the global Aluminium product was about 3.9 million tons, with foreign capacity of about 73.8%, distributed mainly in the United States.
Countries, Germany, Japan, etc.; 26.2 per cent of domestic capacity, of which about 380,000 tons are produced by foreign manufacturers, are in a normal state of production and most of the local producers are underemployed, mainly because (1) production techniques are difficult, foreign producers first bind mainstream firms, and local manufacturers have a slow certification process for their products and vehicles: (2) car aluminium splits
Outboard technology is more difficult for insiders and outer panels, and most local firms are only able to produce insiders. The South Mountain aluminium industry, thanks to the whole industry chain and ongoing research and development inputs, has been supplied in bulk with auto aluminium plates, including the outer panels, the only home-grown enterprise capable of producing internal and external panels in bulk, currently producing about 200,000 tons of capacity, and an additional 200,000 tons of expanded capacity is expected to grow in 2024.
At the end of the year, it became operational, and its advantages in terms of technology and customer resources were highlighted: (1) it broke through a number of technical barriers, and the whole aluminium vehicle became the closest neighbouring area to the light and quantitative potential: the whole aluminium body design adopted by the South Mountain aluminium industry, the structure of the body, bone racks, etc., was stronger, and the whole body of the car could be reduced by nearly 30 per cent, thereby reducing the length of the brakes,
Extension of mileage of vehicles; (2) participation in the high-end aluminium materials market in cooperation with a number of industry giants: the South Mountain aluminium industry, the first firm to stabilize the bulk supply of car interiors and interiors, has been continuously engaged in research and development since 2015 and has been certified by a number of mainstream car companies: product lines covering major brands, in partnership with Cyrus, Mi, BMW, Beijing Mercedes, O.
Prominent car companies such as Dippe, and the future South Mountain aluminium industry will also strengthen its certification work with other car companies, hopefully becoming a major supplier of high-end aluminium materials in the automobile industry.
Aluminium is widely used in aircraft, with aluminium plates accounting for 60% of the aeronautic aluminium. Aluminium alloys are derived from aluminium alloys.
It is characterized by high intensity, shape and process performance and is the main structural material of the aircraft, such as hides, frames, propellers, oil tanks, wall panels and landing pads. Aerial aluminium is mainly dominated by variable aluminium, with a relatively low share of foundry materials, of which about 60 per cent are flat-rolled, about 28 per cent are squeezed (pipes, sticks, bars, wires) and about 28 per cent are used for exercise.
The country’s advanced aluminium alloy materials have been replaced by domestic commercial aircraft aluminium, which used to rely heavily on overseas businesses such as American aluminium, aluminum and aluminum, Nansan.
The aluminium industry, as an airboard supplier for large aircraft projects in countries such as c919, dedicated to the development and production of national aluminium, supported key projects such as c919, arj21 and participated in the development of c929, with five autonomous alloys that were certified by commercial flights and replaced with national aluminium alloy materials. In June 2023, the company successfully made a breakthrough in light quantities.
As a follow-up, we will continue to engage clients such as Brazilian aviation, aircrews, etc., to develop and develop wing panels and panels to promote product optimization, achieve full-size, full-scale coverage, and enhance the competitiveness of the Aluminium Alloys market.
At the end of the year, the company had 50,000 tonnes of board design capacity per year, and we expect about 16,000 tonnes of board production in 2024, which will increase further along with the upswing.
Aluminium processors forecast: (1) autoboard operations: taking into account the release of the company ' s newly manufactured 200,000 tons of carboard capacity and the company ' s rate of certification of the company ' s downstream car manufacturers, we expect the company ' s vehicle plates to arrive in 2024-2026 at 13, 18 and 24,000 tons, respectively: (2) airboard operations: taking into account the ongoing recovery of the global aviation industry and the progress of the company ' s certification process.
20 million tonnes; (3) Power Batteries: coupled with the build-up of the high-end new energy vehicle, the company ' s power cell was projected to produce high levels of electrolytic aluminium: we expect that the company ' s target of 200,000 tonnes of electrolytic aluminium will be completed by the end of 2024 with 65, 47, 470,000 tonnes of electrolytic aluminium production, respectively.
Aluminium oxide production projections for Indonesia: Given Indonesia's expansion of the 2 million tonnes Aluminium Oxide project and the climb of the slopes, and the fact that aluminium oxide is a single product, the yield is expected to exceed production, we expect the company Indonesia Aluminium Oxide production to reach 210, 240, 3.1 million tons in 2024-2026.
(2024 ~ 2026 net profit projections for the parent did not take into account the proceeds from the sale of the remaining 200,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium, and 2023 net profit for the parent included the proceeds from the disposal of assets from the sale of electrolytic aluminium in the same year); according to the current strategic development plan for the company, the company ' s business can be divided into upstream aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium, medium- and medium-stream high.
Aluminium-processing products, selected as comparable companies by China ' s aluminium industry, Tianshan aluminium industry, luxury new materials, Hua Feng aluminium industry, based on the stock price of 5 July 2024-2026, are valued on average by companies that are integrated industries, multi-product-based moats, downstream focus motor panels, airboards, etc.
In Indonesia, the Aluminium Oxide II project is being promoted in a synchronized manner, and plans are being made to invest further in the Aluminium Oxide business by building electrolytic aluminium, opening up upstream growth space, opening up a new chapter in the overseas layout, and building a two-wheel drive, synergistic development pattern for domestic and foreign operations. For the first time, coverage is being given, with a “buy-in” rating.
(i) Aluminium prices and aluminium oxide prices have fallen significantly. Aluminium electrolysis and aluminium oxide are the major contributors to the company's operating income, if prices have fallen significantly or have adversely affected the company's performance;
Performance gains, if delivered less than expected or would have a negative impact on company performance; (3) Aluminium Oxide Project II in Indonesia is not progressing as expected. One of the reasons for the performance in 2024-2026 was the production and uphill of Aluminium Oxide Project II in Indonesia, if the project is progressing.
Not as much as is expected or will have a negative impact on the performance of the company.