High investment in railways is driven by steady performance - China Central Company (601766.sh) incident assessment report issued by China Chinese Chinese on July 11, 2025.
Yousw@cfsc.com.cn  high investment in railways, high demand for motor vehicle support, and the railway transport industry as a whole remain high.
Delivery and planned delivery of goods increased by 4.9 per cent and 1.1 per cent, respectively, and cumulative passenger traffic increased by 6.1 per cent in the spring of 2025, with 2,600 kilometres into new lines, rail transport continued to be positive and short-term demand for railway equipment strongly supported.
In 2024, the company signed a new order of $60.2 billion for the sale of the fleet, compared with the expected strong growth in the railway equipment plate, based on the industry’s high profile.
▪ Optimized business structure, new industries + increased contribution from overseas markets The company's new industrial plates, in addition to rail transport spare parts, have emerged as important growth poles with clean energy equipment as its core business, generating revenue from the company's new industry in 2024
Eighty-six.3 billion dollars, which has been growing for many years in a row, include faster growth in clean energy equipment and a better increase in the number of newly signed bills, which provide a good basis for the business performance of the plate in 2025. The global orbital transport industry is now warming up steadily.
1. China ' s Chinese Car (601766): Railway loading posture while countries accelerate the promotion of green low-carbon development, the country 's readiness for high-end equipment and the continued strength of overseas markets
Policy support for getting out is an opportunity for the Chinese “two-track” industry to “get out of a steady growth in performance” (2024-03-29). In terms of new singles, the company's international operations in 2025 are new.
In the first quarter of 2025, the company performed well with operating income of 48,671 million yuan, an increase of 51.23 per cent over the previous year, and the net return to the mother increased to 3,053 million yuan.
The increase in vehicle revenue, which rose by 93.63% on a year-on-year basis, became the core engine for boosting corporate profitability. Through effective cost control, sales in the first quarter of 2025 were better off, the business structure was further optimized, and “buy-in” was maintained.
Risks; risks of industrial restructuring; risks of technology upgrading; market competition plus risk: strategic adjustment risks: product quality risks.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm,
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.