Mid-yearly performance forecast for 2025, China ' s Chinese vehicle (stock code: 601766.sh)
Events: The company disclosed an advance notice of its performance in mid 2025. The company expected to realize a net return to the mother, now a net profit of $4,089 million, an increase of 27.97 per cent, a rise of 33.93 per cent, and a high increase of one quarter. We judge that the main factor is the bulk delivery of railway equipment, and good business in the new industry.
Growth. Group 246.5 / 68, : lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn + 833.25 /312.25 + + 25 + 24 + 350 km per hour tender.
A total of $15.12 billion was signed in May of this year, and a high-level revision bill of $10.05 billion was issued. This year, Wang Xia started the national railway summer on 1 August, and it is expected that 953 million passengers will be delivered between 1 July and 31 August.
Next, railway passenger flows grew by 5.8% over the same year, railway traffic continued to grow strongly, demand for railway vehicles continued to grow, and the top-up of the high-level revision list for the moving group was kept high, with the expected delivery of maintenance services by 25q2 expected to be higher than expected. Given the high demand for railway equipment throughout the year, the new industry continued to grow.
The railway has completed a fixed asset investment of $355.9 billion, an increase of 5.5 per cent over the same period, and has accumulated a new line of 301 km. We estimate that the railway fixed asset investment will remain above $800 billion for 25 years.
With respect to the new industry, the domestic and foreign wind and power industries have been growing strongly since this year, the offshore wind and wind and offshore markets have become engines of growth, and the company’s new industries are expected to maintain a positive growth momentum.
The risk of increased competition, the failure of overseas markets to expand as expected, etc. 1. [Galactic Machinery] Company rating - China’s Chinese vehicle (601766.sh) 25q1 performance increased and railway equipment was delivered in bulk.
[Galaxy] Company appraising - China’s Chinese vehicle (601766.sh) has grown robustly, and the motor team has been operating at a high level, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.