El ophthalmology (300015) Head of Eye, Market Lead . Medical Services Industry Series II Shen Man, cfa
The company's main business area is ophthalmology.
Medical services can be broken down into four units (2019.12.30).
Blocks: Drunken surgery, cataract surgery, immediate surgery and back-of-the-eye surgery. The company's two main camps are medical services and visual services, respectively. Medical services received 3,465 million yuan at 209h1; visual services received 838 million yuan, the company's second largest operating block; other company operations were collected.
Our market for ophthalmological surgery is vast, and our near-visibility rate of students and students at the secondary and secondary levels is over 70%, the highest in the world. Compared to 22% of the world’s near-visit rate, the country’s near-visibility rate is as high as 47% of the total population.
The demand for the market for ophthalmological hospitals is expected to increase in the future. Since 2003, policy support for social care has become more visible.
The number of specialized ophthalmological hospitals has increased from 72 in 2003 to 709 in 2018, or 9.85 times, highlighting the country’s high level of encouragement for social care. Given the ratio of gdp to health spending, the short-term capacity to pay of the health insurance fund, and the increase in medical technology, the market for ophthalmology is expected to remain high.
From the point of view of the cost of health insurance, health services have the potential to immunize policy and move out of independence. Corporate technology upgrades, along with top international standards, companies have been focusing on R & D inputs, and the cost of R & D has increased significantly, from $309.2 million in 2012.
The treatments used are usually ultrasophisticated surgery combined with an artificial crystal implantation programme; in the field of draught surgery, with the upgrading of technology, the current specialization and experience of corporate draught surgery techniques, there has been a significant increase in the resources of physicians to provide a diverse, safe and reliable range of draught surgery services to clients.
Along with the continuous upgrading of ophthalmology technology, the company has kept up with the technological frontier, providing high-quality ophthalmological care to its clients by constantly upgrading its self-contained skills, and is now moving along with the world's top ophthalmological level of medical care.
The sequenced chain supports the expansion, the inner- and extra-wheel-drived airline capital building, SMS Ltd., the company's hierarchical chain has become more standardized, with a high copying capacity and a high degree of expansiveness.
The structure is divided into four levels: centres, provincial capitals, municipalities and counties, with different levels of health-care facilities for different resource-level markets, with access to local markets, “horizontalized, vertically networked” and, as in the case of fine veins, distributed to the country's provinces and cities, expanding the network's radiation areas, expanding the audience, and making it easier for patients to get closer to treatment.
The company now owns more than 400 medical institutions in mainland China, while Hong Kong, China, has seven, 85 in Europe, and one in the United States. Meanwhile, on 20 December 2019, the company completed the acquisition of Singapore's isechealthcare company, adding 11 medical institutions to the South-East Asian region.
At the end of the month, the company held 1.57% of the company’s total equity, ranking sixth among the company’s 10 largest shareholders. At the same time, the company launched various incentive schemes, such as partnership model equity incentives, to release management efficiency and increase the speed of expansion.
The Department's hospital targets and motivation to boost core talent have also compensated for the shortage of medical personnel that companies face at the same time as they are expanding rapidly, the forecast of profits and the rating of investments The growth of medical services, visual services and other business income has been robust and rated.
El Eye Hospital Group Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “El Eye Hospital” or “College”) was originally known as Changsaele Eye Hospital Department Limited, Changsaele Eye Hospital Group Limited, etc. The El Eye Hospital is the largest ophthalmological institution in the country today. The company's main business model.
Under the global development strategy set by the company, its network of ophthalmological institutions has expanded year by year, and its network of ophthalmological institutions has spread across mainland China, Hong Kong, China, Europe, and the United States. Meanwhile, in 2019, the company expanded its operations to South-East Asia, and the internationalization landscape has grown.
El ophthalmology was established on 24 January 2003 by the company, originally known as Shaaïre Eye Hospital Limited, and Shaaïre Eye Hospital Group, the company set up its fully-owned subsidiary, Al Hong Kong, and used it as a springboard for the acquisition of Asian medical care as a first step towards internationalization. In 2017, the company expanded its overseas operations, marched to Europe, the United States Eye Market, and acquired the European largest ophthalmological institution, clínicabaviera, s.a.
In addition, in mid-2019, the company acquired 35 per cent of the shares of a well-known South-East Asian ophthalmological institution, ichealthcareld.
In January 2003, the Changshael Eye Hospital Limited (former of the company) was established. In October 2009, El Eye Hospital Group Inc. was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. In 2013, the El Eye Hospital Group and the University of Central and South China jointly established the El Eye Academy of Sciences at the University of Central and South China.
In 2014, in association with Hubei University of Science and Technology, the El Eye and Light Institute was set up. In 2015, the company set up a fully-owned subsidiary in Hong Kong, and acquired the Asian Medical Group.
In 2017, the European and American ophthalmological markets. The acquisition of the United States awhealthcaremanage, llc, and the largest European ophthalmological chain, clínicabaviera, s.a (Bavaria ophthalmology), were completed. In 2018, more than 290 specialized ophthalmology hospitals were established in urban areas in 30 provinces and provinces of mainland China, and research and development investments were increased.
In 2019, the company acquired 35% of Singapore's isechealthcareld. The company's first shareholder was El Medical Investment Group Ltd., which effectively controlled Chen Bong. As of mid-2019, Chen Bong held 17.06% of Al ophthalmology shares; indirectly held 39.11% of the company's shares through Al Medical Investment Group Limited.
The real controlling person of the capital group, Ltd., holds 80 per cent of the shares of the El Medical Investment Group Ltd. Chart 2: The company ' s equity structure achieved $8.009 billion in 2018, an increase of 34.31 per cent over the previous year; the net return to the mother was $1,009 million, an increase of 35.88 per cent over the previous year;
After years of development and international layout, El ophthalmology has become one of the world’s largest ophthalmological institutions.
El ophthalmology's current operations can be divided into three separate units: medical services, visual services, and others. The company's two main camps are divided further, and the company's core services can be broken down into four sections: dredging surgery, cataract surgery, front-hand surgery, and back-eye surgery. The medical services received 3,465 million yuan in 209h1, of which the dredging surgery and cataract surgery were carried out.
Income accounted for the largest share of the health service operations, which accounted for 1.779 billion yuan and 847 million yuan, respectively, and accounted for a steady increase in the number of current and back-to-back operations, which accounted for 37.46 per cent, 17.84 per cent, respectively, of the company’s total revenues.
And the rapid growth in other company operations, as well as changes in statistical calibres, are also important drivers of rapid growth in corporate performance. In 2019, corporate draught business, cataract business, immediate business, backward business, visual services and other business Māori rates were 56.14%, 39.35%, 40.15%, respectively.
From 2010 to 2018, the number of outpatients rose by 5.53 times and the number of surgeons by 4.63 times. Over the long term, the number of company surgical visits and the number of outpatients increased by a factor of 1:10.
From the point of view of the company’s industry, the company is downstream in the eye-care industry, facing a group of eye-patient clients directly, and competing with the private and public health-care institutions that are potentially the choice of the same-sector clients. By size, the company is larger and the main competition in the eye-hospital industry is large.
In terms of clinical and scientific strength, companies are more powerful, and strong medical institutions in the industry are also powerful competitors for companies. For example, the Hima Eye, the Beijing Inter-Personal Institute, the Wenzhou Medical University-affiliated Eye and Light Hospital, the Central Mountain Eye Centre at Nakayama University in Guangzhou, and the Ultra-Nose and Throat Hospital at the University of Shanghai.
The current market for ophthalmology services is divided into three main markets, namely, ophthalmology surgery, eye treatment, and medical examination. The breakdown continues to be: ophthalmology surgery, which can be divided into laser paramole, half-fly second laser surgery, full-fly second laser surgery, and icl surgery.
The medical light can be divided into eye examinations, medical mirrors, eye-correction, etc. The medical service in El ophthalmology, the immediate and back-eye treatment of corneas, glaucoma, glaucoma, eye-deficiency, etc.
The first part of the operation covers the immediate part of the operation, including the corneas, the iris, the mascara, the front room, the rear room, the crystalline suspension band, the corner of the house, parts of the crystallized body, the surrounding glass, the retina and the episophie attached to the point and the membrane; the latter part includes the handwork of the latter part of the eye, which covers the glass, the retina, the pulse, etc.
Our market for eye surgery is vast, with cataract surgery and draught surgery, the two main pillars of which are cataract surgery. The cataract is the most common and most frequent ophthalmological disease over 60 years of age.
In addition, the country’s policy of socializing for decades has discouraged the expansion of public specialized hospitals, but has contributed to the rapid expansion of private specialized and ophthalmological hospitals. As people’s eye habits have changed, the incidence of eye disease has increased, and the demand for eye protection, eye treatment, etc. The demand for the market for eye hospitals is expected to increase steadily in the future.
2.1 The health expenditure ratio is expected to rise further. From the point of view of health consumption in the country, the cost of health care per capita has risen steadily over the past four decades. As of 2018, the average cost of health care per capita had risen to $4237.00, and the average cost of health care per capita has remained at an annual rate of 10 to 15 per cent over the last decade.
In the 20-year period from 1989 to 2009, health spending fluctuated significantly from policy to policy, and government spending on health became weaker in the early stages of the cycle, with personal health spending rising from year to year and becoming the main pillar of health spending, reaching 59.97 per cent in 2001. After 2003, the Government significantly increased its support in the area of health care, with government spending on health rising significantly.
In comparison with some developed countries, our health expenditure was 6.57 per cent in 2018, 6.36 per cent in 2017 and 17.90 per cent in 2017.
The gap is significant, but it also highlights the potential for future increases in health spending. It is expected that, as the country’s economy develops and the country’s living standards rise, demand in the area of health services will be greatly released, and per capita health spending will continue to rise.
In 2000, the country began to encourage and support social and personal investment institutions to set up health-care institutions. As the country’s health-care awareness gradually rises, the level of health-care consumption has increased.
The Government has continued to adopt policies to support non-public health-care institutions in the area of social health care. Non-governmental health-care institutions have been supported by State policies in the areas of eligibility, accreditation, etc., to compensate for the inherent deficiencies in the competition between non-public health-care institutions and public health-care institutions. In our view, private ophthalmology is a result of the slow development of public integrated, specialized and ophthalmological institutions.
The number of non-public specialized hospitals has increased by 5629 over the years, compared with the number of public specialized hospitals in the last decade or so. The number of private establishments has fallen to 52.
The transformation into community health service centres and, on the other hand, the increased support for social services has been evident for a long period of time. It highlights the high level of social care incentives in my country, which have remained unchanged in recent years, and the increase in the number of ophthalmological private hospitals at over 20 per cent.
In 2018, China ' s Monitoring Report on the Quality of Compulsory Education revealed that our near-visibility rate for students and students in secondary and secondary schools was the highest in the world, exceeding 70 per cent. In 2018, the country had a total of more than 450 million people living with the disease, with a global prevalence of 1.65 billion. The rate of morbidity among young people is now increasing year by year, with a projected rate of 650 million by 2020, or 47 per cent of the country ' s total population.
We estimate the size of the market for draught medical services in terms of the volume of surgery and the cost of surgery, which currently account for the two largest surgeries, full and half-flys, respectively, at an average market price of about US$ 20,000 and US$ 15,000, with an average price of about US$ 17,500 per case of dredging surgery, with the current number of dredging operations in our country estimated at 1.5 million, and the size of the market for dredging medical services in our country in 2018 at approximately US$ 26.25 billion, 2020.
According to the estimates of 450 million near-visibility patients, the country currently has a drop of about 0.33%, which is significantly lower than the rate of 0.67% in the United States. In the long run, there is still room for a significant increase in the size of the market for the near-visit population, the drop-out rate, and medical care.
In 2015, the 13th Five-Year National Plan for Eye Health (2016-2020) was published, with the Cataract Surgery Rate (csr) of the million people in the country, which rose to 2205 in 2017. According to 2017csr, we estimate the total number of cataracts in the country is 30,649 thousand and the market size is 30,389 million yuan.
Despite a significant increase in csr, there is still a gap between the value of 9,000 csrs in developed countries in Europe and the United States. In the future, demand for the eye market, including cataracts, will grow as the population continues to age, and we assume that the cataract service market will be helped by a higher price.
There is room for space, and the market for cataract services is expected to continue to grow in our country. Leather light and cataracts are two of El ophthalmology’s core businesses, which will continue their rapid growth trend, along with the rapid growth of the health-care market for the cataracts and the cataracts.
2.4 Technology upgrading stimulates demand release The company is currently in a period of intensive development and rapid expansion, both within and outside the country, and the increase in management costs is due mainly to the expansion of the company’s size, the rise in total staff salaries, other depreciations and amortization. The increase in the company’s R & D costs is particularly pronounced because of the company’s continued increase in ophthalmology clinics.
In addition to increasing investment in research and development, companies have been focusing on talent development and building the foundations of technological innovation. In 2017, companies offered to increase their scientific capacity not only by doubling their investment in research and development in recent years, but also by increasing the importance of research and research capabilities.
The Division has also used its platform to carry out in-depth international research and collaboration with leading international ophthalmologist researchers to upgrade research in eye medicine and icl crystal implantation. Since the introduction of para-molecular laser surface cutting in 1993, with the upgrading of draught surgery techniques, companies are now experiencing a significant increase in the specialization and experience of light surgery techniques, offering diversified, safe and reliable different types of draught surgery to clients.
Near-sightedness, far-sightedness, and scattering are the three common types of glimmers. In the eyes of a normal person, the image of the object that you want to see is clearly visible on the membrane inside the eye, while in the eyes of a person who wants to see it is not imaged on the membrane, but on the front or back of the membrane, and it is blurred when you look at a distant object, and when you enter the eye, it is imaged in front of the membrane.
It changes the path of the image of the light into the eye by changing the contortion of the cornea by cutting it or implanting an artificial crystal in front of the crystal, thus enabling the object to project a visual image on the retina. The paramole laser in situ cornea grinding (lasik) first uses a mechanical slab knife to sharpen the corneal base and preserves the corneal petals in the petal.
The pre-strength layer and the upper skin are only partially removed from the upper and the cornea base, but it is still connected to the corneas. After the petal process, the corneal valves are turned up, laser operations are performed using a paramole laser on the cornea substrate, and the cornea beam beams are recaptured when the lasers are cut. Half-fly seconds of laser surgery are similar to paramole laser surgery, but the traditional mechanical plate blades are replaced with laser flight seconds, followed by precision points.
Sublaser is slashed with a cornea-based cut. Compared to the traditional mechanical staircase, the accuracy of the fly-second laser is higher, so the operation is faster, the cutting of the corneal valves is more precise, safer, and more accurate.
Tracking, according to the data parameters obtained, to develop individualized surgical programmes for different clients to improve the visual quality after surgery. Smile has a full flight second unlike a flight second laser operation, which does not require the production of cornea petals during a full-fly second surgery. Full-fly second surgery uses flying second lasers to penetrate the upper skin of the cornea, directly cuts the parts that need to be cut through two depths of the cornea matrix layer and then uses lasers to open them.
A small mouth of about 2-4 mm removes the separated cornea matrix. The fly-second laser operation usually has a round wound of 20 mm (with only a portion attached to the corneas) and a full-fly-second wound is usually less than 4 mm.
Starr's high biocompatibility collamer crystals are customized to personal circumstances as icl-eye crystals, which function like implanted contact lenses, usually a soft crystal with a thickness of 50 microns (0.05 mm). The operation produces a 3-6 mm incision inside the eye. The gel is then injected to protect the inner tissue, put the artificial crystal in the back room gap of the clairconium system, and fixes it.
It's in the bulge, and it's geled. The surgery does not remove any eye tissue, so the icl surgery is capable of preserving the integrity of the eye. The theory is that artificial crystals can be used for life, but because of the reversibility of the icl surgery, crystals can be used at any time, depending on the individual's needs.
The causes of the disease are, inter alia, trauma, old age, co-occupancy, etc. The treatment of cataract diseases is not clear, and the treatment used by companies is usually ultrasonic emulsion surgery combined with artificial crystal implantation. Corporate cataract surgery services can be divided into single and multi-focus areas by type. Cataracts are currently available around the world.
At the same time, the company's cataracts of all kinds can choose, depending on the client's request, whether to work with lensx flight-second laser-aided surgery, i.e. to use lasers instead of mechanical knives to incise the eye. The company treats cataracts, i.e. ultrasound emulsions combined with artificial crystal implants, using ultrasound emulsions to move into the edge of the human eye's eye.
Cutting, using ultrasonic waves to crush the crystal core, soak it up and then implant it into an artificial crystal, leading to the process of removing the glucose crystal. In cataract surgery, the company provides clients with a service to replace the traditional mechanical blade cutlet with lensx flying lasers.
Laser systems are the first flight-second laser system approved by fda to operate on cataracts, which is assembled in the United States and is currently mainly used for cataract surgery. By introducing a fly-ssecond laser into a cataract surgery, it can bring greater accuracy to the operation; it can reduce the damage to the corneasy intraskin cells of the operation, which is more secure than the traditional ultra-emulsion surgery lasers; and it can provide white lasers.
In 2009, the company received $109 million for cataract surgery, which increased to $1,545 million in 2018, or 19.29% of the company’s total. The company’s cataract surgery camp increased 14 times in 10 years, with 34.22% for cagr. In 2018, the average per capita cost of medicine for cataracts amounted to $1035.5 million.
At the same time as ophthalmology and cataract surgery techniques are constantly being upgraded, the company is keeping up with the technological frontier, providing high-quality ophthalmological medical services to its clients by constantly upgrading its own technology, and the technical aspects of the company ' s medical services are now in line with the world ' s top ophthalmological standards.2.5 The ability to pay for health care is not worrying for a short period of time.
In the future, the surplus on our basic health insurance fund is expected to increase, and the health insurance fund will be able to pay for a short-term payment. The basic process of reimbursement of health insurance can be divided into outpatient and hospital reimbursement, and cataract surgery is administered locally in accordance with provincial and municipal regulations and El ophthalmology.
Insurance is defined and graded differently, with different coverage rates; draught surgery is not reimbursed according to national regulations. 2.6 The core industry is immune to the cost of health insurance. About one fourth of the company's total revenue comes from health insurance. In recent years, high-value consumer price regulation and 4+7-band purchases have taken place in the context of the cost of health insurance.
The essence of such policies is to reduce, balance, and reduce waste and unreasonable spending. From an industry perspective, companies are small. On the other hand, health-care funds are saved as the prices of medicines, high-value consumables, and the costs of health insurance are reduced, leading to more funds being spent on surgery and medical diagnostics.
El ophthalmology, in response to the current ophthalmology market in the country, has created a “stratification chain” that is adapted to the characteristics of our market environment. The “stratification chain” has enabled companies to increase significantly in recent years, while ensuring their rapid growth.
3.1 The industry has rapid replication properties The company's hierarchical chain has become more standardized, with high reproduction capacity and a high degree of expansiveness. The “stratification chain” provides treatment facilities in the company, in vitro ophthalmology from the top down to the centre, provincial capital, local city, county, four levels, and the establishment of different levels of health care for different resource-level markets.
The company's central chain of medical facilities was set up in Beijing and Shanghai, mainly in the company's ophthalmological technology centre, to solve ophthalmological problems throughout the country.
At the provincial level, the chain of medical facilities is established in the provincial capital area, so that the parties that carry out the eye service become profitable centres for companies, providing guidance and support to local, municipal, and county-level medical institutions.
Hospitals transport patients with problems. The “staff chain” model used by the company has the advantage of sharing technical resources within the company, with the company's lower hospitals receiving technical support from the upper level hospital; the company's resource allocation is optimized, patients in different situations are treated in a graded manner, and patients in difficult situations can be treated from the lower level.
The hospital's referral to the higher hospital, the guarantee of adequate use of medical resources at the upper and lower levels of the hospital, and the change in the area of available ophthalmological medical resources in the country brought our ophthalmology hospital to a total of 26,503 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 25.92 per cent over the same period. In 2018, the general hospital received 2.31 trillion yuan, according to the report, the ophthalmology room accounted for 2.5 to 5 per cent of the general hospital, and we estimated that the ophthalmology camp at the general hospital received 2018.
In 2018, the total market for ophthalmology was approximately $11,249 million. The growth in total ophthalmology income from 2005 to 2012 was remarkable, with a growth rate of 19 to 22 per cent, and a slight slowdown in the ophthalmology market from 2013 to 2018, but the overall increase remained stable, with the rate of growth in specialized hospitals remaining constant at 14 to 25 per cent between 2005 and 2018, exceeding the country ' s general hospital and the overall hospital headquarters.
The rate of increase in the ophthalmology hospital, broken down into the ophthalmology market, has remained constant at over 20%, and has remained stable at around 25% in recent years, exceeding the 22% increase in the overall ophthalmology market in more than a decade. In summary, the market for specialized hospitals has grown faster than for all hospitals and general hospitals, in the ophthalmology market and in the ophthalmology hospital has expanded significantly beyond the ophthalmology market.
According to our estimates, from 2009 to 2018, there was a major breakthrough in the rate in the mid-decade, from 2009 to 2018, when they grew up as the largest health-care group with the largest number of ophthalmological institutions in a number of years, while taking over the market and successfully raising their market share at the same time as the market was expanding.
As the market for specialized hospitals has grown, the market for ophthalmology has grown in size to go beyond the market for specialized hospitals, and companies have expanded with the use of hierarchical chains. Since 2015, the outreach strategy of “wide coverage, deep density” has been vigorously pursued. In 2015, the company established five medical institutions; in 2016 it established six medical institutions; and in 2017 it purchased 14 and established five institutions, totalling 19;
A new round of M&As was launched to purchase 5 ophthalmological institutions and visual and optical centres in the form of shares and cash purchases, further expanding the market size of the company ' s ophthalmology and increasing the overall profitability of the company. There is access to international surgical equipment and programmes and medical teams in the medical field, while companies actively promote mutual scientific research among professionals.
The country has a “two-house, seven-stop” system of scientific and research education, which is internationally aligned to the best medical standards overseas, and the pool of talent continues to rise. The competitive capacity of firms within the industry will become more evident, with the brand advantages of a chain of expansion and a clear global strategy for global positioning development, and the company’s continuously upgrading of its professional capabilities, giving consumers confidence in choosing the company’s products.
3.2 The main core hospitals in the ophthalmology of Elephthalmology, such as Changshaael ophthalmology hospital, Wuhanael ophthalmology hospital, Chengdu El ophthalmology hospital and Shenyang Aoi, with $191.64 million in 209h1 and $7.0.12 million in net profit; Wuhanael ophthalmology, $4.65.8 million in 2018 and net profit
The sum of $9,535,000 was realized, with 2,64.38 million won and a net profit of $54.21 million realized by 209h1; $31,278,000 won and $8,422,000 net profit achieved by Chengdu El ophthalmology in 2018; $184.7 million and $5.318 million net profit achieved by 219h1; $34.62 million and $68.38 million net profit achieved by Shen Yang ophthalmology in 2018; and $18,78.6 million and $37,67 million net profit achieved by 209h1.
Shen Yang Yik ophthalmology was established in 2001, Chang Sha Ahel ophthalmology and Chengdu El ophthalmology were established in 2002, and Wuhan El ophthalmology was established in 2004. Among the major subsidiaries of El ophthalmology, these four are representative and old-fashioned companies whose operations have grown significantly and steadily each year and have contributed to the growth of their performance in recent years.
On the other hand, in the face of a significant increase in the global expansion of companies, operating costs, such as manpower wages, depreciation, medical materials, etc., have remained stable in the overall cost, with a lower year-on-year increase or decrease in shocks, highlighting the company’s excellent control capacity. Lower, stable rent and amortization cost structures demonstrate the company’s characteristics of replicability and high managerial competence in standard uniform hierarchical chain models.
3.3 The external extension of M&As has continued to advance, and the internationalization of the existing company currently has over 400 medical institutions in mainland China, and 7 in Hong Kong, China, 85 in Europe, and 1 in the United States.In 2019, the company planned to acquire the Singapore Isechealthcare company, which is scheduled to complete the acquisition by the end of 2019, at which time the company will
In 2015, El-Ephthalm set up the Hong Kong subsidiary (Ayre, Hong Kong) as a first step toward internationalization strategy. The company’s profit, using El-Hong Kong as a support point, will be leveraged by a domestic “fine vein”-like business network and chain business model, which is expected to unlock the international community in the future.
Hong Kong, as one of the key links to overseas and Asian markets, has been able to quickly help companies expand their presence in Asian and even European and American markets by becoming familiar with Hong Kong’s business environment and policy systems. As of 2019h1, the company had acquired and established subsidiaries such as “Asia Services”, “Asia Watch” and “Europe Ele” to expand its operations abroad.
In August 2019, the company marched into the South-East Asia Medical Services Market, choosing to cut into the markets of Singapore and Malaysia, which are the most developed markets in the market.
In South-East Asia, where there is a high degree of medical and scientific capacity, the greatest advantage is that of the ophthalmologist, who has held advisory positions in the well-known local university teaching hospital, and who is the leading ophthalmologist in South-East Asia. Overall, overseas expansion has not only increased the scientific capacity of the public, but has further expanded the company’s medical team to include one of the internationalized teams of specialists; several internationalized.
Mergers and acquisitions have provided companies with valuable experience in integrating mergers and acquisitions, and have strengthened their ability to integrate internationally. Bavaria, a leading European medical institution with a large chain eye, was founded in 1992 by Dr. Juliobaviera; and was listed on the Spanish Stock Exchange in 2007.
Twenty-five years of operation have also had wide influence in European markets. Bavaria has a total of 85 ophthalmological and aesthetic clinics in Europe. Bavaria is the first country in the market for draught surgery in Germany, Spain, etc.; it is the first in Germany and Spain in the medical field; and there are more than 80 ophthalmological hospitals in four countries: Germany, Italy, Austria, and Spain.
An efficient real-time medical management and information system has been issued, providing a good platform for remote diagnosis, consultation, and clinical scientific exchange. From 2011 to 2014, the Bavarian harvests fluctuated slightly, with a marked increase in performance since almost 3-4 years.
Bavarian growth began at 10.62%. Bavarian growth began at a steady rate of 10-15% per year in 2015, with net profits at a loss of 10-15% per year, rising at a rate of 10-13% per year in 2014 and nearly two years per year in comparison. Bavarian was officially inaugurated by El ophthalmology in September 2017 and acquired by companies through Singapore's fully-owned company Elmeso International (Singapore) Ltd. at the end of August 2019.
The acquisition was completed on December 20, 2014. After the acquisition, the company’s operations will extend to the South-East Asian region. The founder Dr. Leehungming, founded in Singapore in 2014, is Dr. Leehungming, an expert in lasik and cataract surgery; another co-founder, Dr. Wongjunshyan, is also a well-known retinal expert in glass.
It also operates 11 ophthalmology and general medicine clinics, 6 of which are located in Singapore, 4 in Malaysia, 1 in Myanmar, with 24 ophthalmologists and 6 general practitioners in the Isec team, covering cataract surgery, draught surgery, glass retinal diseases, corneas, glaucoma, grapeflammitis, eye orthopaedics and general clinics in South-East Asia.
In 2018, Isec achieved revenues of $NZ 40.4 million, net profits of $NZ 8.7 million, an increase of 9.19%, 10.13%, and a return net profit of $NZ 8.4 million in 2018, an increase of 6.33%. In recent years, Isec’s business income has increased significantly, and the Māori rate has increased.
The partnership scheme and the equity incentive scheme provide companies with good hospital targets to be incorporated into the company and raise the pool of core talent, while at the same time making up for the shortage of medical personnel and the brain drain that the company faces while it expands rapidly.
The company will purchase a new hospital that meets the requirements in the form of cash, shares issued, or a combination of both. The company selects two core personnel to form a partnership.
With the establishment of a new hospital, the company will hold a part of the equity partnership of the new hospital institution, i.e. 10-20%. The company will evaluate the current level of development of the new hospital and transfer the share of the partner to the partner in due course. Once the new hospital is on track, and the company has set profit targets, the company will return the shares of the partnership in cash or in combination (fair prices) in return.
The partnership plan provides strong human resource security for companies by supplementing the core talent they need during their period of development. The partnership plan provides incentives for fast-growing subsidiaries in the form of equity incentives, and effectively promotes and enhances firms’ ability to compete in regional markets by in vitro incubating M&As.
4.2 Equity incentives to release management efficiency Corporate equity incentive schemes were launched in 2011 to engage them as shareholders in the company and achieve the goals of risk sharing and benefit-sharing. Equity incentives, as a hub, can motivate staff and enhance the efficiency of business management.
So far, the company has implemented incentive schemes three times, the first in May 2011, the second in January 2013 and the second in June 2016. The company has implemented the first equity incentive program for seven years, with a total of six tenure periods of 9 million shares, and 198 persons.
The incentive plan was completed on 5 May 2018.
The company’s most recent stimulus plan, which began in June 2016, is a multiplier increase in the number of people in the current period and a significant increase in its coverage, with the incentive focusing on the hospital’s first-line core personnel. The company’s third incentive plan is awarded 1.557 persons and the equity of 20059,000 defined shares.
Long-term capital protection escort companies issued sales on 7 November 2017 to Chen Bong, Takahashi Capital Management Limited (GBOC) and Shinji Foundation Management Limited.
Publicly issued stocks. The stock issue was 62.33 million shares, issued at a price of $27.60/shares, of which high capital pledged 3,718 million shares in the non-public offer, amounting to $1,026 million. After the company had increased its sales, high capital became a company of 10, a private equity and venture capital company in the country, founded in 2005 by Zhang Jian, in Beijing, New York, Hong Kong, and Singapore.
High capital is concentrated in the consumer, tmt, industrial and medical sectors, and the area of investment covers new and emerging areas such as artificial intelligence, vr, and new energy vehicles. In 2016, for example, the high capital was put into power appliances, with a ratio of 0.72% of the shares of 2019q3, using the share of power appliances.
Between 2016 and 2019, high-rise capital grew 2.85 times as much as its stock held in the same amount. On April 9, 2019, the electric power was announced to transfer 15% of the share of the electrical power in an open call for transfer. After a round-up, at the end of October 2019, the investment partnership of Joao Hae-min-sein was created to transfer 15% of the electrical power.
Industry won the competition with rivals for good-equity investment, with a transfer price of at least $44.17 per share, amounting to $39,857 million, and a high-capitality shareholder in the Joo Hae-hyeong Investment Partnership. In 2017, Gold Capital Lily International made a privatization acquisition with a purchase price of HK$6.3 per share, bringing the total volume of the transaction to HK$53.1 billion.
The market value of Bailey International was once more than HK$140 billion, but it also suffered from a slowdown in the size of the industry in which it is located, a decline in the market value, and the virtual privatization of Bare International at low market points. In September 2019, Bauri International broke down the market with its sports branding company, Triangular International Holdings Ltd., which had a market value of HK$ 57,361 million on the first day of the market.
By February 2019, high capital had invested in nearly 500 enterprises in China, amounting to $60 billion, with a long-term perspective and a unique perspective, and had also developed in conjunction with the investment firms, in order to achieve a win-win outcome, while achieving an appreciation of investment assets.
Most of the companies are high-performing and well-performing star companies, such as Grigori, Baley, Kyundong, Tseng, Drip, Piming Conde, etc. We believe that the entry of long-term capital can give El ophthalmology a certain value premium.
Companies have grown since they were listed, and as the pattern of hierarchical chains matures, companies have reached a peak in chains in the post-2015 period. As the corporate structure has become unified, the pace of the country’s layout has accelerated, and companies’ demand for core management, ophthalmology, etc., has become displeasured enough to improve wages, a fixed-wage system, and a single talent incentive, such as the management of pay performance appraisals.
In addition to the partnership program, the company has been able to carry out programmes and activities from both the top and the grass roots, while channelling its pool of talent to the company. In terms of high-level training, the company has in recent years launched the Photons, Bosun, etc., and launched the “thousands of people” scheme at Changsha’s headquarters in 2018.
The company wants to integrate internal and external resources through the 1,000-person scheme, using a company-specific internationalization platform for the development of back-up talent, so that it can select and develop thousands of potential cadres of doctors and high-profile managers with an international strategic vision. As the company expands its many talent-introduction schemes, the company’s future talent pool capacity is sustainable.
In 2013, the company, together with the University of Central and South China, created the “Ere-Eye Academy” of Sciences at the University of Central and South China, which screens high-grade undergraduate students from all over the country, conducts the education and development of successful undergraduate and PhD students, and provides reliable safeguards for scientists for future company development. The University of Central and South China was selected as the country's priority universities for Project 211, Project 985 and the University of Central and South China for the second level of teaching and scientific research under the University of Central and South China, covering more than 10 types, including Sadu.
The number of ophthalmological specializations, such as light, cataracts, and eye and bottom diseases, focusing on clinical scientific research and academic activities, has increased significantly since the creation of the El ophthalmology College at the University of Central and South China, where there have been 11 Ph.D. students and 30 master's students, and the College has been planning to enrol 40 outstanding students, including 10 PhD students and 30 Master's students since 2013.
Since 2013, the company has had 47 Ph.D. employees and 282 M.A. employees; in 2018, the number of Ph.D. and M.A. employees increased to 183, respectively.
863 persons, with a significant increase in the number, including: 1) no significant change in the level of eye surgery; 2) no significant change in the operations of the company; 3) no major medical activity in the day-to-day operations.
Industry policy risks, medical accident risks, and M & As lower than expected risks.