2023: short-term pressure on performance, global layout Keywords: # reversal of dilemmas by 4.05 per cent, operating cash flow by $1.15 billion, 15.25 per cent less than the previous year; single q4 achieved
▪ Business growth and profitability have shown greater resilience and sustainability during the industry ' s downside: the industry has been hit by the new crown epidemic, a decline in the climate of biomedical investment finance, and companies ' business has been affected, but the income side has continued to grow slightly.
Income from technical services amounted to $4.168 billion, an increase of 10.4 per cent, Māori to $1,592 million, a decrease in efficiency gains, the closing of vaccine projects and the passing fees of their suppliers. 2) In clinical trials, revenues from related services and laboratory services amounted to $3.16 billion, an increase of 8.63 per cent, and Māori to 12.47 per cent.
"Tegger Medicine (300347): 2022 Report Review: Slow Growth in Fonda Holdings and Decreasing Māori Rates and Low Māori Rate of On-Site Management and Clinical Cro Streaking Perturbation"
The overall Māori rate has been reduced by a faster rate of growth in recruitment services. The robust growth of domestic operations and the growing capacity of offshore platforms are expected to be new growth points: Cutting down Teg Medicine (300347); three-quarterly reports + equity incentives
Invigorated assessment: the clinical coronary growth space is still in the domestic market, where in 2023 the company served the development of 22 new types of medicine in China that have been listed on the market, as well as the development of six innovative medical devices in China that have been listed on the market; the overseas market: a clinical laboratory in the United States region.
Revenues and hand orders have increased significantly; in cooperation with more than 500 institutions in 45 states, new medical equipment teams have been established in the emea region to support more than 10 items of equipment clinical research, and European teams have completed operations and structures for Martifarm and Romanianopera in Croatia
It was integrated into an integrated service platform; the Korean team expanded to include more than 100 ongoing clinical projects: 20 new co-operation projects in the Australian region. Meanwhile, the United States acquired nucro-technics to upgrade the analysis of chemistry, microbiology, toxicology, biometry.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering industry changes and lower fluctuations in investment returns, we expect a public doubling. Considering the relatively low value of companies and the fact that overseas operations are beginning to contribute to the increase, for the first time, the coverage is given to "buy."
The three major financial forecasting tables for the Tiger Medicines have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.