I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's got the money, but I'm the one who's got the money.
Recuringnetincomeofmb1,477mn, Down 4.1% yoy.revenue/attributable up/downside recurringnetincomidueforcastby 2.9%/12.1%, reactively, mainly
I don't know if you're going to do it, but I'm not going to do it.
I mean, I've never seen anything like that happen before, and since I've been there, I've never seen anything like it, and since I've been there, I've never seen anything like it, and since I've been there, I've never seen anything like it, and since I've been there, I've never seen anything like it, and since I've been there, I've never seen anything like it, and since I've never seen it, I've never seen anything.
Tomb 7.85bn, Down 18.8% yoy, mainlydueto ~rmb1.2ndureofcovid pass-throughorders.nontheless, thetotalbackbacklogexperiencedmilidupick of 2.1% yoy, realchingrm 14.1bnbytheendof2023, which providesasolid
I don't know, benchenhuang, cfa findingforsustainablegroveth.managementhasobservesearchlyindicators ofademandresurgenceandanipatitesthatbothvenueandattruitable
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Forestforfull-yeardemand.adversely, wewanthighlighttiermed's promisinggrowthpotentialinchina'smarkeesthegovernment persistants with aptssupportivepoliticsformedormaticpapermateutopr&d.
Well-propressingglobalizationstrategy.thellengesoftheindustry source: factset didn'tdampentiermed'scommitteetoglobalization.underpinnedbya
12-mthpriceperformance growingandedicatedteamof110pmsandcras, tigermed' susclinical operation
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one who's going to do this, but I don't know what I'm going to do, but I don't know what I'm going to do, but I don't know what I'm going to do, but I don't know what I'm going to do, but I don't know what I'm going to do.
Wet projectnsin2023.wethinkawell-establishedglobalworkwillhelp tigermedimitagatingpotentiegeopoliticalrisks.
Werevisedourtpfrommb80.31ttrmb68.57, Basedon a10-yeardcfmodel (10.95%, terminalgroveth: 2.0%), toactorin slowimplementationofrevenueandrecurringnetincomerowth.weforcast
You know, you've got 13.3 per cent and 17.7 per cent and 21.9 per cent and you've got a lot of time.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm just...
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlydirectordirected, relaidtothspefifectviewsextatanallypressed by report. besides, theanalystconfirstrhatneothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedthecodeofconduced by thehonkongsecurities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
It's not like I've been working on it, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
"underperform cm internationalglobalmalketslimited cm internationalglobalmalmätslimited" ("cmbigm") iawholnyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, nyinvesssale uncenterandantegueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceonthe performanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderingassessoleverablemarketactors. andbigmcommendsthataverssssouldentlyvalulatepartualintureinvestments.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection, point-of-viewanalytical methodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, but we're going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, either.
Thealysisnotsubject toapplicableresductionsunderfundinrules indicatedtoentaintyattheanalystisnotaffetedbypotentiaconfactorsointerestthatcourdbackofothereliabilityofothersreport.thisreportis infedfordedforstoritionsstately "majorusitutionalinvestors", asdefininedinrule15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, but I'm going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, singarecipients should contact & bisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconventionwithotherport.