Tagger Medicine (300347) Pharmaceutical biology Short-term fluctuations in profits, sustained performance of overseas operations, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Company reports 2023, yielding $7.38 billion (+4.2 per cent) in 2023; net profit returns and short-term profits are slightly disturbed, and the main business continues to be more resilient. Sub-operational, 1) Clinical Tests Technical Appliance income of $4.17 billion (+1 per cent) and Māori (1.59 billion (+2.6 per cent) and Māori is 38.2 per cent.
(+0.6 pp) due mainly to efficiency improvements, reduced vaccine projects and reduced vendor fees. The number of days spent on interdiction increased to 752, of which 330 were clinical (including drug-degenerative dynamics research) projects, 136 were clinical ii projects, 171 were clinical iii projects, 31 were clinical iv projects, and other projects
(mainly research initiated by researchers and real world studies) 84. 2) Clinical trial-related services and laboratory services earned $3.12 billion (+8.5 per cent), Māori at $1.19 billion, roughly equal to the comparable rate, Māori at 38.2 per cent (-3.6 pp), mainly due to slower growth in Fonda Holdings and lower Māori rates, and Māori
• The expansion of overseas operations and the continuous increase in the capacity of integrated services. In 2023, there was a significant increase in revenues from clinical trial services in the United States and in hand orders, covering oncology, vaccines, ophthalmology, central nerve, instrumentation.
Equipment, etc.; Fonda Pharmaceutical U.S. Laboratory completed acquisition of Nucro-technicsoldings, inc. and its subsidiary nucro-technics, inc, expanded laboratory to upgrade analytical chemical, microbiology, toxicology, bioanalysis and sample storage and stabilization testing services; European team completed testing of Martifarm, Croatia
The integration of operations and systems with Romania has led to the formation of an integrated clinical operational service platform to further strengthen the European and United States regional service capacity and scale to serve global clients; in addition, over 8,000 square metres of new clinical sample production centres are in operation in Suzhou.
This is due, inter alia, to a sharp drop in the single-hand fee. New orders and operations in the North American market increased rapidly in 2023.
Market space. Revenue growth slowed in 2023 in the context of macro-environment and industry climate challenges, and the Māori ratio for large clinical operations will continue to improve as the company ' s one-stop shop platform matures and synergies increase significantly.
In 2023, corporate operations grew steadily, and strategic projects landed in 2022 continued to be released, with a further increase in domestic income; Smo operations grew or will continue with a strong growth in the lower base and head smo consolidation trend over the same period last year; and there was a slight pressure on the external environmental impact of the laboratory operations.
Assumption 3: the company ' s other business income is growing steadily, and it is expected to do so in 2024-2026, we have selected the three companies in the industry that are closest to Teg ' s pharmaceutical business: Conlong, Ming Condé and Insinu, with an average of 18 times the average of the three companies in 2024. The company is the leader of the country ' s clinical coro, with project experience, team size, etc.
Significant advantages, such as service coverage, are expected to continue to strengthen domestic leadership and internationalization, with risks such as falling or fluctuations in the number of orders compared to the value of companies, lower delivery of output than expected, less expansion of business than expected, and fluctuations in fair value.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.