Business banks report performance ratings for the semi-annual period 2025.
The performance rate has been positive, and the recovery has been positive: 2025h1, the company’s operating income is equal to +1.57%, and the return zone is largely a contribution to scale expansion and non-interest income growth.
2.79 per cent, of which loan returns - 48bp, were mainly affected by the downward adjustment of interest rates on heavy pricing, lpr and stock mortgages; the cost of interest-bearing liabilities was between -31bp and 1.45 per cent at the beginning of the year, of which the cost of deposits was paid to public loans + 7.71 per cent at the beginning of the year, with strategic emerging industries, inclusive industries and manufacturing lending, respectively
Research assistant Yuan Shijun and loss on exchange decreased. Of these, investment returns were higher than +52 per cent, fair value changes were higher - 1.35 per cent, with a higher rate of personal operating loans and credit card failures, compared to +35bp, +25bp at the beginning of the year, respectively
Investment proposals: the company is the leading state-owned leader and the largest asset in the world. The domestic market shares lead the industry, the structure of the business is diverse, and the integrated business is more resilient.
Corporate fundamentals and stock price elasticity, we maintain a “recommended” rating, with bvps from 2025-2027, figure 1: Business bank revenue, net profit and speed increase, figure 2: Business bank roe
Figure 3: Net interest income and growth in business banks Figure 4: Net interest differentials and negative returns/cost rates on business banks Figure 5: Size and rate of increase in business bank lending
Figure 6: Size and rate of increase in public and retail lending by business banks
Figure 10: Structure of bank deposits in business and industry, Figure 11: Non-interest, intermediate operating income and speed of increase in business and industry banks, Figure 12: Other non-interest income, investment returns and speed of increase in business and industry banks
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.