New Shun (002001.sz) comes out of nowhere, working with petrochemical amino acids, with functional chemicals that can grow in the long run.
On 27 December, the company issued an announcement and signed a letter of intent for joint venture cooperation with China Petroleum Industries Ltd., China Petroleum Industries Ltd., China Sea Refinement Branch, to establish a joint venture to invest in a plant for the production of ecstasy, with a total investment of about RMB 3 billion, with an interim share ratio of 50 per cent and 50 per cent.
As a globally renowned provider of vitamins, the company has sought to build a “chemical +” “biological +” platform around innovative developments in such business areas as nutrients, fragrances, high-molecular new materials, constantly enriching the product lines and developing functional chemicals.
Ryo will grow further, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Better industrial layout, and new projects will help grow: the company is a home-grown company of pygmino taps, currently holding 150,000 tons of pythonine production capacity.
The company is expected to release capacity in 2023. This joint venture with China-Pulsification to build new EPP capacity will further consolidate the company’s leader in the EPP industry, enabling the company to become the world’s first euphoric crop team against shoulder-winners and Andy Sues.
Sea petrochemical base in Nimba County, equipped with raw materials such as acrylic and sulfur, which can be further developed in China, petrochemical raw materials, energy advantages, reduced efficiency and integrated industrial chains.
High, industry high, branding strong, and well-known market position in the country. The main products are vitamine, vitamina, vitamin c, pineaic acid, vitamin d3, annual average value of $80.32/kg, yoy+24%, and the subsequent trend is expected to be sustained.
New projects have been put into production to ensure sustained growth: in recent years, companies have been working to build “chemical +” platforms, “biological +” platforms, and have continued to enrich product lines, including nutrients, fragrances, high-molecular new materials.
By that time, the company is expected to achieve full coverage of vitamins, with Auxiliary Company becoming the first-stop producer of nutrients and the provider of the Portfolio programme; the Pestine Acid II project is expected to start production in 2023, and Ningbo will further consolidate the company's pneumine dragons after the birth of the new Pestrochemical Partnership project.
In addition to this, the company is also developing a chain of apps, voxon-Nylon, based on a process of polymerization of high-performance resins and downstream applications.
Based on the vitamin industry, companies focus on autonomous innovation in research and development, continuing to expand into related chains, creating multi-occupational, industry-integrated, functional chemical leaders, and moving forward with the production of new production capabilities.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.