The Centre for Research in Resources and Environment (CREED) 2021q3 was performing as expected, with companies growing up by 50.31 per cent in the future, resulting in a net profit of $958 million to the mother, an increase of 31.79 per cent in the same year.
The q3 performance met expectations and the market price for major products slightly declined: during the reporting period, the net return on the company was 958 million yuan, and the performance was in line with our expectations. On the price side, the company's main nutrition price was slightly “chemical +” and “biological +” platforms were gradually taking shape, and the company could grow in the future: the company was integrated, the city was marketed.
2. q1 Performance is slightly higher than expected, taking into account corporate growth-modification and increasing the company’s core competitiveness. In terms of nutrients, companies continue to do a lot of good work.
In addition to this, the company is active in setting up the pre-project 202112q3. The company's performance is expected to be positive for the company's growth, building the “chemical +”, “biological +” platform along biotech, and the full capacity of the bioferment project (phase I)
Dutch production provides a solid foundation for growth in the performance of the nutrient plate; in the fragrance plate, the company relies on 4.
Market demand, covering multiple areas such as solarization, food and medicine, which is expected to continue to grow steadily as new products are introduced, while in new material operations, companies focus on the development of high-molecular polymers, large products and key intermediates, in keeping with integrated, serialized development thinking, and continue to do great things.
The company is one of the pioneers of fine chemicals, with a strong market position and pricing power for many products, we chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn
Wang Minghui, an analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, then averaged the final rating and built it as an average market investment.