In the evening of 22 August 2023, Helium petrochemicals released its mid-term report for 2023.
In terms of performance contribution \triangleright, hemorrhaging in the first half of 2023, hemorrhaging fibres, and herochemicals contributed 20.72,
While the supply of crude oil is expected to shrink as a result of factors such as its continuation, the voluntary decline in production by Saudi Arabia and Russia, the global economic weakness, the Russian-Turkish conflict, the marginal slowdown and market concerns about the Fed's interest increases have limited the price increase, international oil prices have declined steadily, and the pressure on large refining costs has slowed significantly.
The average price of Brent crude oil was $79.94 per barrel in the first half of 2023, with a change in comparison to the previous year, and since the policy was optimized, residents have continued to travel and, as of June 2023, the volume of domestic passenger shipments and the apparent consumption of finished oil was 196 million tons, which exceeded the same level in 2019; the chemical option was in the process of chemical engineering.
On the other hand, property-side pulls are still weak, but end consumption and infrastructure continue to warm. Overall, social retailing of consumer goods aggregates 8.2 per cent per month, capital investment aggregates are expected to coincide with the consumption season + replenishment cycle, and companies are expected to grow.
In addition, some of the chemical products, such as px, are expected to benefit from an increase in the price of oil. In the chemical sector, major petrochemicals in the second quarter are expected to increase.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. The whole price of the product is down, while the stock of the product is down, and the industry is taking the initiative to go to the vault., ltd
At present, the refining of downstream chemicals is at a low stage of prices, and stocks are also at the level of the 9th House of the House of the City of the City of the West Side, Beijing, where low levels, including 2% reduction of polyolefins, px rings in the second quarter of 2023,
7%. In the polyester industry chain, the bi-quarter longline stock ratio dropped by 5%, the bottom knitting rate averaged 58%, and the ring was raised by 15 pct. We believe that with the continued release of economic stimulus policies, the cycle of refining downstream cleaners is expected to open, and chemical prices and prices are expected to start.
At the polyester end, accompanied by the run-off of orders in the downstream autumn and winter seasons, the “Golden 9 silver 10” consumption season is expected to continue to improve, and the profits of Longsleeves are expected to continue to improve.
In the oral sector, the 440 million m2 project for the annual production of ultra-wet lithium cell membrane contains four ultra-wet diaphragm lines, two diaphragm lines, the first lithium membrane line of the company in the first half of 2023, the whole line of production is connected, and in the future, the integrated production line of “basem + coating” will gradually be built.
In the future, the company will continue to build up 1.6 million tons of high-performance resin and new materials, and three new 1.5 million tons of green multifunctional textile materials.
It's going to be re-marketed to improve the integrated competitiveness of high-quality assets. It's going to focus on merit.
The fields of vinyl, high-performance engineering plastics and biodegradable materials are the core carriers of the persistent petrochemical operations of new materials. The company ' s new production capacity continues to be released, with 45 million tons of degradable plastics produced annually in 2023, and projects in progress include 800,000 tons of concentration at the Suzhou Lake Base.
The ester membrane project, which has five lines in operation and the remaining seven lines are expected to be fully operational this year; the 2.6 million-ton high-performance polyester engineering project, the lithium diaphragm project, etc. will also continue to enhance the consolidation of new material plates and asset quality in the future.
The proposed re-marketing of the new materials, which are to be separated, is expected to further expand the access to corporate finance, improve the efficiency of financing, and enhance the combined competitiveness of high-quality assets of companies. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we predict the net return profits of companies for the period 2023-2025, respectively
Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of less-than-expected profitability of polyester fibres; risk of excess refining capacity; risk of less-than-expected realization of new production capacity; proposed fragmentation
The new material has been re-listed at a slower pace than expected. Kwang Ming, a doctor from the Chinese University of Mines, a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a deputy general manager from the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, a member of the China Council for Geology and Mineral Economics, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, a member of the China Price Association's coal price ad hoc committee, and a former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields. He has been the chair of the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on large-scale energy panels since 2019.
Liu Hong Guang, head of the Xinda energy petrochemical plate, doctor, formerly an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, member of the China Environmental Science Council ' s carbon peak carbon middle and professional committee, research on energy transformation, carbon neutralization, petrochemical industry development, etc., led studies on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and participated in policy papers related to the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in national ministries and departments
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. In July 2022, he joined the Shuda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.