1. “Helium petrochemicals: oils continue to be strong, performance ring repair”,
The continued strong performance of the refined plates has been steadily repaired: the oil price in the first half of 2023 was high, the refined plates continued to have strong momentum, the fuel-diesel break-up was maintained at medium-high zone levels, and as at 22 August 2023, the fuel-diesel break-off price was equal.
1186.62/$846.76/t. At the same time, the px-former oil price gap continued to widen, 3. " Helium petrochemicals: See the bottom of history, the road to recovery! " , with 20 million tons of crude oil processing capacity and 5.2 million tons/year px capacity, and a strong refining plate.
It is expected that the company’s performance will be further repaired. Downstream demand will continue to restore the chemical panel to its future: pta’s production capacity has been lost and rapid effects will result in price spreads of US$398 per product for 2023q2pta-px.
The price differential for pta-px products was repaired with a 23.37 per cent increase in the ring ratio in tonnes, with the recovery needs improving. At the same time, the price differential for the FFOs is still low as the end demand is still in the early stages of recovery, with an average price difference of RMB 3186 per crude oil in 2023q2
Tons, with a 0.20% reduction in the ring ratio. As domestic and foreign demand continues to recover, corporate chemical panels are growing steadily, and the new pieces of Confuge are being removed to the market, deepening the whole industry chain: this breakup, the new material will become a platform for independent listing, which will facilitate the upgrading of functional membrane materials and high quality.
The profitability and combined competitiveness of engineering plastics and biodegradable materials operations are also more conducive to the company’s capital strength, focusing on film research and development and manufacturing, as well as to the company’s profitability and robustness. In addition, the company’s 20 million tons/year refining I
Physicalization project, 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene project, 5 million tonnes/year pta project at the Henrich (He State) Industrial Park have been fully operational. 1.6 million tonnes/year high-performance resins and new materials items Battery-grade dimethyl carbonate (dmc), 260,000 tonnes polycarbonate, 23.18 million tonnes/year biphenol
(a) New energy sources, such as 300,000 tons of abs, and 72,000 tons of pdo, were released, the company production chain extended to higher value added downstream, and there was greater certainty of growth.
Continuously looking at companies with elasticity of performance after economic warming, price spreads and new materials Deeply processed productive capacity to produce open-end products - growth of raw oil prices, but still ongoing 1) geopolitics disrupt the global crude oil market: (2) subsidiary congenial fresh material is on the market.
After that, there is the possibility of net profit being spread out: (3) the Fed increasing interest rates or discouraging end demand: (4) the effects of errors in satellite positioning and tanker tracking data on the results; (5) the effects of other third parties: (7) the progress of construction in progress is less than expected and the additional production capacity is less than expected.
The company's performance ring has been continuously repaired, and Konhui has removed high-value-added areas from the market layout.
The average weighted sale price of the company ' s products was $5679.41 per ton, a decrease of 4.82 per cent from the same year, the price of raw materials was reduced faster than the price of the product, the price of the company ' s products was reduced more rapidly, and the company ' s performance was continuously repaired by the continued strength of the country ' s refined oil plates, and the price gap for the cracking price of the finished oil was maintained, with the price difference for the diesel diesel fuel 2023q2 being the same.
1321.56/947.84/t, representing an increase of 12.31 per cent and a decrease of 12.63 per cent in the ring ratio. Since July 2023, the price of cracks has been reduced by 12.63 per cent.
The demand for chemical products is still in the early stages of recovery, and the company ' s chemical panels are under constant pressure. The pta product is affected by factors such as the rapid delivery of production capacity, resulting in a price difference of RMB 398 per tonne for 2023q2pta-px products and an increase of RMB 23.37 per cent since July, accompanied by an upward trend in the price of oil, the pta-px price difference has been pressured, with an average price difference of RMB 174.53 per tonne for pta-px from July 2023 to date.
In addition, the current price differential for chemicals such as polyolefins is still low, with 2023q2 polyolefins - crude oil on average RMB 3186/Figure 9: Polyfins - the oil price gap is still low.
The company ' s profitability and combined competitiveness in the operations of functional membrane materials, high performance engineering plastics and biodegradable materials are enhanced, while the company ' s capital strength is enhanced by focusing on film research and development and manufacturing to further enhance its profitability and robustness. In addition, the company ' s 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project, 1.5 million tonnes/year of ethylene.
In addition, projects such as the 1.6 million tonnes/year high performance resins and new materials project are on schedule and are expected to produce 200,000 tonnes/year of batteries (dmc), 260,000 tonnes of polycarbonate, 23.18 million tonnes/year of biphenolsa, 300,000 tonnes of abs, 72,000 tonnes in 2023-2024.
New energy sources, such as pdo, new energy production capacity, the extension of the company ' s industrial chain to downstream high-value-added areas, company performance in the future 1) geopolitical disruption of the global crude oil market: geopolitical events such as changes in the situation in the Russian Federation, the advancement of Iran ' s nuclear agreement and the lifting of sanctions in Venezuela, or uncertainty at the supply end, disrupting the global crude oil market;
2) There is a potential for net profit to be spread out: once the new material is marketed, the financial position and profitability will continue to be reflected in the company ' s consolidated statements, and the net profits of the company ' s equity-based benefits from the new material are likely to be shrunk. 3) The Fed increases interest rates or discourages end demand: the Fed increases interest rates or drives a strong dollar index, while the dollar index and the original oil prices
Cells are usually negative related trends, assuming that the Fed increases interest rates or disturbs crude oil prices.4 Satellite positioning and tanker tracking data errors have an impact on results: satellite data errors include positioning errors directly related to satellite positioning, as well as system errors related to satellite signal transmission and receipt.
Commercial agencies, government organizations, etc., have varying levels of data accuracy, which may lead to errors. (6) Modeling errors have an impact on results: due to the size of the data and the fact that the data are not perfect, the models are not able to capture the data themselves, resulting in errors.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market