Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh) The petrochemicals team published on 14 July 2023 the semi-annual performance reduction of 2023.
2. " Helium petrochemicals: See the bottom of history, the road to recovery! " , Reconstructing the strong oil plate-led performance ring on a continuous basis: medium-high oil price shocks in the first half of 2023, continued strong momentum in the refined plate, and low-medium-high diesel-diversification price differentials were maintained
3. " Short-term pressure, future period! - Tri-quarter review of Helium petrochemicals " , inter-zone levels, with a difference of $558 per ton for diesel fuel and $1123 per ton for gasoline as at 13 July 2023.
2023q2px - The original average oil price difference was $3347/t, an increase of 8.66% in the ring, and the public administration now has 5.2 million tonnes/year px capacity, and the company’s performance is expected to be further repaired. The chemical plate is expected to warm up with the recovery of demand: pta products are not productive.
The price difference for the pta-px product was repaired by 23.37% in yuan/tons. At the same time, the price difference for the FFA product remained low due to continued low end demand, with an average price difference of RMB 3186/ton for 2023q2 PFC-oil, a reduction of 0.20% for the ring.
The company's chemical industry may be restored with the warming of the end-use demand. Quanhui's new materials are on the market, and the new materials are growing with greater certainty: the company issues Konhui's plans for re-marketing the new materials, and when they are dismantled, the new materials will be made available to Dalian Heat.
A subsidiary, Helium petrochemicals, will be the controlling shareholder of the large chain of thermal power, indirectly holding the new material. This segmentation is more conducive to capital enrichment, focusing on projects such as membrane studies, tons of tons of high-performance resin and new materials, which are expected to be on schedule.
New energy sources, such as tons of pdo, can be released, and the extension of the chain will drive future price differentials, with companies’ performance being more certain about future growth. Keeping in mind that when the economy warms, price differentials bring elasticity and new materials.
Deeply-processed productive capacity to produce a wide-range end product — growth in the former oil price deficit, but still in the midst of (1) geopolitical disruption of the global crude oil market: (2) net profit spreads; (3) outbreak of disruption of demand; and (4) sustained release of strategic stock increases by the United States
International supply: (5) Federal Reserve interest increases or inhibits end demand: (6) satellite positioning and tanker differentials impact on results; (8) modeling errors influence on results.1 Corporate performance rings are continuously repaired, and Konhui is more certain about market growth.
Helium petrochemicals issued a semi-annual performance forecast for 2023 on 14 July 2023, and the company expects to benefit from the continued strength of the refined plates and the continued improvement in the company ' s performance ring.In the first half of 2023, the crude oil price was high, the refining plates maintained a strong momentum, and the fuel-diesel crack price differentials continued to be repaired.
As of 13 July 2023, the difference between diesel fuel and petrol cracking prices was $558 and $1123 per ton, respectively, and the re-establishment of the company ' s performance in the first half of the year, accompanied by a smooth recovery in end demand, was worth a future 8.66 per cent increase in the company ' s oil refining operations, with the company ' s current capacity of 5.2 million tons/year px, and further repair of the company ' s performance is expected.
In addition, the current price differential for chemicals such as polyvinyl hydrocarbons is still low, with the average price difference for 2023q2 polyvinyl hydrocarbons - crude oil decreasing by 0.20%. The company ' s chemical industry may be expected to recover as the end consumption demand warms.
Figure 7: Polyolefins - the original oil price difference is still at a low level, companies publish plans for the re-marketing of the Quanhui New Materials, which, when separated, will become a subsidiary of the Dalian Heat, and helium petrochemicals will become the controlling shareholder of the Quan Fui New Materials, indirectly holding the new material. This Quantified Re-entry will be more beneficial.
In addition, projects such as the 1.6 million tonnes/year high performance resins and new materials project are on track and are expected to be launched in 2023-2024 with an annual production capacity of 260,000 tonnes of polycarbonate, 300,000 tonnes of abs, and 72,000 tonnes of new energy materials such as pdo.
The extension of the chain will drive future price spreads and firm performance to grow with greater certainty. 1) Geopolitical disruption of the global crude oil market: geopolitical events such as the changing situation in the Russian Federation, the advance of the Iran-Iraq nuclear agreement and the lifting of the Venezuelan sanctions, or uncertainty at the supply end, disrupting the global crude oil market;
2) There is a potential for net profit to be spread out: once the new material is marketed, the financial position and profitability will continue to be reflected in the company ' s consolidated statements, and the net profits of the company ' s equity-based benefits from the new material are likely to be shrunk. 3) The outbreak disrupts demand: the current impact of Omicron on the global demand for crude oil has gradually diminished, but the new variants have been reduced.
Potential for negative impacts on global demand for crude oil; 4) Continued release of strategic stocks by the United States to increase marginal supply: the current announcement by the United States to release 1 million barrels per day of strategic crude oil stocks, at the end of supply, or to produce an increase, should the United States continue to increase release of strategic stocks, or to balance global demand for and supply of crude oil
5) Federal Reserve interest increases or discourages end demand: the Federal Reserve raises interest or drives a strong dollar index, which is usually a negative trend in relation to the original oil price, assuming that the Fed raises interest rates or disturbs the price of crude oil. 6) Satellite positioning and tanker tracking data errors affect the results: satellite data errors include those directly linked to satellite positioning
(c) The potential for error due to different levels of accuracy in data, such as commercial agencies, national government organizations, etc. 8) The effect of the model error is on the results: due to the size of the data and the fact that the data are not perfect and the model is not possible
The data themselves are captured in a perfect way, leading to errors.
Within a week, within a month and in February.