Half-yearly 2023: Profit ahead of valuation repair.
Keywords: # Merger Reorganization #Explosion #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients  Big Refinerification into Performance Remediation Channels, Valued Prices Highlighting: 1) Gasoline /diesel /px / Pure Benzene/ Polyethylene / Polypropylene oil price differentials were in place for almost five years as at 18 August, respectively
At this point in time, we believe that the bottom of the refining cycle has been established, and that the lead business is expected to be in the week.
During the period of restoration and expansion of capacity, a new round of performance rises, which has not yet been priced at the valuation end, and the value for money of a large refined configuration has been highlighted. The season has come to a close, and the long filament has moved upward: since 23q3, the long filaments have been dwindled.
As of August 17, the rate of operation of long silhouettes and downstream knitting machines was 86-63% respectively, and was high since the beginning of the year compared to the same period last year +22 pct/+18 pct. Meanwhile, Pony/fdy/dty silver X was opened, with improved domestic knitting and export demand at the margins, and long silk is expected to rise.
At the end of the year, Confue had a combined capacity of 386,000 tons of bopets, 240,000 tons of pbt, and 330,000 tons of pbat.
The ester membrane project has been gradually put into production in 23q1, the 450,000 tons of degradable plastic from the Grand Company Longsing Island base has been gradually produced in 23q2 and the lithium diaphragm project at the camp entrance and the Nanton base, where the first line of production was put into operation in June 23, has also been planned for 3.44 billion square metres.
KANG Fui also owns six complex confluorescent membrane production lines and 24,000 tonnes/year photovoltaic back titanium production, of which 4.5 μm/year is continuing to be tested.  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We maintain the company ' s net parent profit of 2023-2025 at 70,
Yearly performance forecast: On the day of Yun Xinqing, three major financial forecasting tables for Helix Pulsification have been approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) to qualify for portfolio investment advisory services.