# Merger Reorganisation #Exploitation #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients
Research assistant Ho Yee-ju incident: On 4 July 2023, the company released a plan for the re-introduction of Kang Fae, and Dalian Heat is going to purchase 100% of Kang Fae's new material by issuing shares to purchase assets.
Upon completion, Dalian Heat will become a controlling shareholder in the Conduit, and Steam Pulse will become Dalian Heat, which will be re-arranged for sale in three steps: 1) Major assets will be sold, and Dalian Heat will be offered to the Dalian Clean Energy Group (or otherwise) on a cash basis.
To sell the entire assets and liabilities. 2) Share in the purchase of the assets, Dalian Heat will purchase 100% of the stock of the Congenial Pulses and Helium Fibres in a fixed increase, raise matching funds and raise additional funds to target up to 35 specific investors.
The sum raised does not exceed 100 per cent of the transaction price of the above-mentioned assets, the amount released does not exceed 30 per cent of the total share capital (after the asset is injected) and the funds raised are mainly for the combined costs of mergers and acquisitions and investments in construction projects. (4) The foregoing is based on the premise that major assets are sold and equity shares are issued to each other.
In force, and the success of the collection of matching funds does not affect the implementation of the reorganization.
New materials were built at the four main production bases: camp entrances, Dalian, Suzhou and South Tong, with a combined capacity of 386,000 tons of bott, 240,000 tons of pbt (the largest in the country) and 330,000 tons of pbat (the largest single domestic) and a full process of upstream raw materials to middle-stream membranes, plastics to lower-stream coating and transformation.
(ii) In the construction project, 800,000 tons of polyester membrane (including 470,000 tons of high-end power polyester film, 100,000 tons of special function film, 150,000 tons of modified pbt, 80,000 tons of remodelling)
Pbat was gradually put into production in the first quarter of 23 years, 450,000 tons of degradable plastics (pbs/pbat) from the Grand Company Changing Island base, and 3.44 billion square metres of lithium diaphragm were planned in the second quarter of 23 years, with the first line of production from the camp base already in place.
1) Lithium diaphragms: The diaphragm is one of the four main ingredients of lithium batteries. According to ggii, the Chinese lithium diaphragm in 2022 amounted to 12.4 billion square metres, an increase of 59 per cent.
Stereochemicals (600346) 2022 & First Quarterly 2023: Corporate performance The diaphragm field, as of the end of June, had a total planned output of 3.4 billion m2, including 28.4 m2.
Billions of square metres wet diaphragms (20 production lines) and 600 million square metres dry diaphragms (12 production lines), in which the bottom line bounces back and the second growth curve is wide.
The membrane business is expected to enter the release period. 2) Pet copper molymbrane: a central fluid is another core component of a lithium battery, which has better performance in terms of energy density and circulation life than conventional copper/aluminium molybdenum fluids with high-molecular materials such as pet.
At the end of June, the base of the camp belonging to Xinjiang Kani had three complex membrane production lines, the road to shoalization, and the new material became the company's second.
The Base has a 2-4.5 μm and two 4.5 μm mem membrane production lines, of which 4.5 μm are composite. The copper membrane has been linked to more than 40 related enterprises in the country and the test validation work is continuing. 3) Plumbing slab membrane: the photovoltted membrane is an important encapsulation material for a photovoltaic battery assembly.
Premium, on the back of the PV panel, protects and supports the battery. The rapid growth of the photovoltage load has driven demand for photovoltaic backboard membrane. As of the end of June, the camp base had 24,000 tonnes/year photovoltaic back membrane production capacity and has now gained international authority in Germany.
The tüvRhine certificate, which forms a strong partnership with clients such as Saivu Technology, Middle Shares, Return to Heaven, etc., is also expected to produce 60,000 tonnes/year production line at Southton Base, and 6.4 times. The new energy material layout opens up the growth space, divides the market-driven re-values, and Wi.
Three major financial forecasting tables for Helium petrochemicals. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.