Materials: The starting point of the new cycle, the Queen's glorious Niezhen, the three main turning points in the fibre-optic industry, the industry will enter the new cycle.
New production has been largely digested in 201901; 2) price-for-profit traps: so many small firms are already on the edge of the profit/loss balance, the price base is supported, and the price and profit traps are about to arrive as the economy and demand warms; 3) differential development traps: similar to 2014, we recognize
In 2019, the development of new infrastructure, such as wind and electricity and 5g base stations, will further boost the demand for high-end products, thereby accelerating the trend towards industrial differentiation, which is expected to benefit the head enterprise;
At the forefront, with the multiple advantages of technology, size, resource endowments, we measure that the ratio of high-end products such as wind-shares, hot-plastic veils, etc., is now 40% of the total public stock/flow (million shares) and is an absolute leader in the industry.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) as corporate smart manufacturing bases progresses on the slopes of non-alkali and electronic production capacity, we believe that companies will further pursue differentiated development strategies and expand their size and cost advantages to lead the fabric.
The recovery of the industry and the development of the new cycle, 2019 q1, will be the bottom of the company's performance; China's Stones (600176), China's Year Book, is advancing steadily in the process of internationalization, and the valuation hub is expected to rise. The company's 80,000 tons production line in the United States is expected to rise.
Review: The impact of the trade war q4 fell, the difference became different in 2019, and India ' s 100,000-ton production line is expected to start in 2020, bringing the company ' s overseas capacity to the escort point - 2019/03/21.
By 380,000 tons, the share of the company ' s total production capacity rose to 18%, and led to better exposure of the company to Asia and China ' s Great Stones (600176).
The valuation hub is expected to rise in the context of a growing share of the electronic veil market, a deep strategy of differentiation, a steady advance and a further implementation of differentiated development strategies, and is now a double entry point for corporate performance and valuation, and a good timing for the layout;
China Stone (600176) The Chinese Stone: From Cost Leads to Differences, the Probarian Dragons lead high 1 - The Fibre Industries are about to hit three major turning points, with 19q1 being the bottom of the medium term.
Basic digestion completed; 2) Price-for-profit traps: small businesses are on the edge of the profit/loss balance, with costs supporting the bottom of the fabric price, while demand-side warming is expected to provide a good picture of price increases; 3) Disparity has accelerated; and, as with wind and power grabs in 2014, we believe that demand will grow in 2019.
From high-end areas such as wind power, new energy vehicles and 5g communications, it is expected to boost prices considerably, increasing the gap between the top and the rest of the echelons, thereby accelerating the diversification of industries;
The e6-e8 series of high-end glass liquid formulations to fill the gap in the country's initial clearance, and the completion of the e9 series of laboratory studies in 2018 to further expand the technological advantage. In addition, in 2018, the company's smart manufacturing of the electronic veil 1 line was launched, the share of the electronic veil market rose to 13%, and in the future, all three phases of the smart manufacturing of the electronic veil line will be put into production and will become the largest power.
In addition to leading technological processes, companies' excellent resource endowments and low prices for natural gas have created cost advantages that companies are unable to replicate, so we believe that companies will lead the production of fibre-optics, 3 overseas, and the three continents will achieve global coverage.
Egypt’s 200,000-ton production base has been built, the US’s 80,000-ton production line is expected to be operational in the first half of 2019, and India’s 100,000-ton production line is expected to be operational by 2020. With all available overseas project reserves put into production, the company’s overseas capacity will reach 380,000 tons, raising its capacity to 18%, and complete the full coverage of the major fibre-optic consumer markets on five continents.
We believe that there are four similarities between the company and the glass: 1) similar industry background, 2) similar industry status, 3) similar business strategy, 4) similar overseas expansion pathways. Research on the valuation of both sides shows that the glass has broken the industry since the 2014 Russian post-partum valuation.
The cycle has risen steadily, while the valuation of the giant stones has fluctuated largely with the cycle of the bobble industry, so we believe that the achievements and trends in corporate differentiation and internationalization have not been recognized by the market and that there is still sufficient room for restoration in the company’s valuation hub. And, considering that 201901 is the bottom of the industry’s and the company’s performance growth rate, we believe that the company will move forward with a double process of performance and valuation.
In view of the impending turning point in the industry and the strategy and cost advantages of the company's leading industry, we believe that the company, the bobble industry, will be at three major turning points and 2019q1 will be the bottom of the industry in the medium term.
In the medium term, we believe that the fibre-optic industry will be at three major turning points, with 2019q1 being the bottom of the medium-term industry: 1) production capacity, while small enterprises are already close to the profit-and-loss-balancing boundary point, prices will be supported by costs, while prices will continue to rise further as demand eases along with the economic and governance situation; 3) the turning point for differential development, we recognize.
The development of a new infrastructure for wind and electricity recovery in 2019 and a 5g base station will stimulate demand for high-end products, as will a 2014 - 2015 wind and optics, and industrial differentiation will accelerate the pace at which the surge in new production capacity will be reduced significantly, with a 2019 q1 turning point.
Thanks to the good prices of the fibre-optics industry in 2017 and the cold-renovation boom in 2018, the new fibre-optic industry increased its capacity by about 1 million tons in 2018, the highest in recent years, and the very high price of the fibre-optics price of 2018h2 and 2019q1 will have limited additional capacity overall in 2020. Moreover, the pace of overseas expansion of global fibre-optic firms will be set in 2019.
Since the beginning of the boom in cost support and demand recovery prices, there has been a cumulative decline of 400-500 yuan per tonne in low- and medium-end no-alkali coil prices, and a faster decline in the profits of small- and medium-sized fibre-based producers, based on Shandong, Chongqing, a representative company, due to the rise in gas prices in the main provinces where some of the fibres are produced.
Medium-sized enterprises in 2019 q1 entangled in direct veil prices at the end of 2400tex and running data from leading companies in a neutral way (in fact, small and medium-sized enterprises have a ton of manual labour and a cost of three costs higher than the cost of leading listed enterprises) and are now like 2400tex with large markets such as entanglement in direct veils and construction-level unalkali fibres on the edge of the profit-loss balance, so we judge.
Small and medium- and low-end SMEs, which lack the advantage of size, are currently in the state of loss or loss-balanced boundary points, and the price of the fibre is now at the bottom because of cost support. Moreover, we predict a gradual warming of the demand for the fibre in 2019: 1) short base panels, low real estate stock, etc.
The construction industry has maintained a high pmi climate; 2) wind power and new energy vehicles are expected to grow steadily from 2019 to 2020; 3) there are signs of a easing of trade between China and the United States, with fibre exports expected to warm back in 2019. We believe that cost support and demand recovery have created favourable conditions for price increases in the fibre-optic industry of 2019h2, and therefore the price and profitability of the fibre-optic industry.
After the 2008 financial crisis and the country ' s significant increase in barriers to entry in the fibre-optic sector in 2012, the industry has been largely stable, while the production sector has moved into a different development stage as the downstream application landscape has widened and the application environment has become more stringent.
In 2014, for example, wind-shocking boosted the overall demand for fibres, with an average output price of 1,200 yuan per ton (26%) rising between 2014 and the first half of 2015, while wind-coated fibres account for the country’s demand for fibres.
After the industry has entered a phase of differentiated development, simply raising productive capacity is no longer likely to increase profitability, and the gap between the head and the rest of the echelons is gradually widening. We believe that similar stories will come out in 2019: 1) similar to 2014, policies are driving wind and lightning.
In view of the drop in the weather rate, which was partially lifted in the provinces of Red Six, and the dramatic increase in the capacity of the country's leading wind power companies from 2018 to 2019, and the global acceleration in the contracting capacity of the major wind power companies, 2018h2, we believe that in 2019 the demand for wind veils will be boosted significantly: (2) the Commission will explicitly encourage new infrastructure such as the 5g base station, and that the construction will be boosted.
So we think that, similar to 2014, the growth in demand for wind power and electronic veils will lead to an accelerated pace of differentiation in the industry. Moreover, the structural upgrading of demand may further elevate the backward capacity that is unable to produce high-end products, thereby optimizing the industry landscape:
The company has led the process of differential development in the country ' s fibre-optic industry, with a steady increase in the level of rich and plate-based Maori since 2013 (even in 2016, when the profits of the fibre-optics fell across the board), breaking the cycle and the market share.
Given the continuous upgrading of the company’s core process, the expansion of electronic cotage capacity, and the cost advantages that are difficult to overcome, we believe that the company will lead the recovery cycle of the spinal fibre industry and achieve a substantial increase in prices. The upgrading of the core process will lead to a differentiated growth in the industry.
Since the launch of China ' s first high-performance e6 formulation with autonomous property rights and international patent authorizations in 2009, the company has continued to upgrade its core process, introducing e7 e8 formulations and innovative leachate formulations in 2014 and 2016, to fill gaps in related areas in the country. In 2018, the company completed the development of the high e8 glass formula and completed the e9 glass formula.
Laboratory studies of formulas to upgrade product elasticity modelling to further improve technology stocks.
In 2005, China's P-d Group began to work together on electronic garnish technology, and over a decade of technological advances have been made and client approval obtained. In December 2018, the company's intelligent manufacturing of electronic gauze was one issue of 60,000 tons/year production.
Line production has led to a significant increase in the company's electronic veil capacity to 102,000 tonnes/year, and its market share to 13%. According to our calculations, the company's share in the electronic veil market will rise further to 24% (also taking into account the additional capacity of other electronic veil companies) to become the largest electronic veil in the country after all three periods of electronic veil production at the company's smart manufacturing base.
As a result of larger initial investments (investment strength electronic veil: 35,000 yuan per ton, common alkaline veil: 10,000 yuan per ton), better formulation requirements and stricter production process control requirements, the barriers to the electronic veil industry are higher and the overall profits are better than the other bovine veils, we believe that the expansion of the company's electronic dress capacity will further contribute to the strategies for differential development of the company.
The price gains of the electronic veil will also be at a turning point: 1)5g innovations in communications technology will stimulate the demand for the electronic veil: 2) Because of the presence of starch in the electronic veil leaching formulations, which cannot be stored in a humid environment, the sharp fall in prices in the previous period has had a knock-down effect, partly off the supply and demand base, and prices and profits will gradually recover in the medium term.
The cost advantage is difficult to overcome, except for the differential changes that are led through process upgrading, where China’s giant rock cost controls continue to lead the major competitors, and we think that China’s giant rock cost advantages are very difficult to cross.
In the first place, the main raw material for the production of bovine stones in China is found in Zhejiang and Fujian provinces, which together account for about 80% of the country’s resources. By the end of 2018, 75% of the capacity of China’s giant stones was located in Zhejiang and Fujian provinces.
Second, the company ensures that the primary energy source is produced through competitive negotiations, multi-priced prices, and the signing of a permanent agreement. The company’s natural gas purchase price is only $1.89 per cubic metre per month, significantly lower than that of the main competitor.
Finally, since 2014, companies have significantly improved their production efficiency through large-scale kiln technology (one line, 180,000 tons), large leakboard technology (6,000 holes), and pure oxygen combustion. According to our statistics, by the end of 2018, the average single size of the company’s non-electric subcavend kiln was 87,000 tons, significantly higher than that of its competitors, with its scale effect becoming difficult for competitors to overtake.
Sales and exports are expected to start warming in the second quarter, with a weakening of domestic demand in the first quarter, and a fall in the price of the fabric, 2) affected by the trading war, the start of the company's exports in the fourth quarter, and we expect that the net profits of the company in the first quarter will fall the same way.
In the near future, prices are expected to rise, and (2) the trade war has subsided, and corporate exports are expected to begin warming in the second quarter, and firm performance will return to steady growth in 2019q2.
In December 2017, the company issued an announcement that Chinese construction materials would be available within three years of the date of the announcement, and that it would strive for a shorter period of time, using a combination of commission management, asset reorganization, equity swaps, business restructuring, etc., in order to resolve the company’s competition with the Taiwan Probity. According to our calculations,
The former company’s share of the domestic non-electronic veil market in Tarzan was 33 per cent/21 per cent, the country’s two largest producing companies, and the domestic competitiveness of firms will be further enhanced when competition issues are properly resolved. The internationalization process is proceeding steadily, and the valuation hub will be repaired.
In recent years, the company has steadily advanced its internationalization strategy for the tricontinental continent, its overseas capacity has been climbing up, and its post-natal projects in the United States and India will form the coverage of the major markets for the five continents of fibre-optic consumption. Moreover, we compare the historical valuation of the company with the Fukuoka Glass, and believe that the achievements in corporate differentiation and internationalization have not been fully recognized by the market, so I...
They think that the company’s hub for valuation is about to be repaired. Given the immediate trade in fibre optics and the firm’s performance, we believe that it is a time for a double-dip on corporate performance and valuation.
In recent years, the company has implemented a three-continent strategy (national production bases in Chennai, Chengdu, Kyujiang, and international production bases in all five continents), and its overseas production lines are in an off-site mode, with products mainly sold to overseas markets. Currently, the company ' s E and 200,000 tonnes/year production bases have been built, and the US 's 80,000/year production lines are expected to be operational in the first half of 2019.
India’s 100,000-ton production line is expected to come into operation in 2020. When all existing overseas reserve projects are put into operation, the company’s overseas capacity will rise to 380,000 tons per year, raising its share of total production capacity to 18%, and achieving coverage of the five continents’ major wealth-free markets, further raising the global market share, while also saving transport, customs and other costs.
We believe that there are at least four similarities between the rock and the glass: 1) in the industry.
A similar industry context: after 2011, when China’s automobile production left behind a period of rapid growth, as a major part of the car’s car, the car’s glass boom dividend came to an end. But as consumers’ demands for car safety and intelligence grew, so did the consumer’s demand for cars’ safety and intelligence.
The auto industry’s integrated and intelligent requirements for car glass are equally high, and more and more of its functions are integrated into the car’s glass to achieve both waterproof dust, visual slowdown, and video signal reception. Similarly, the fibre optic industry has slowed demand since the global financial crisis and the retreat of the domestic 4 trillion stimulus, but with the increasingly applied environment.
The expansion of the complex and downstream sector, the performance requirements of the downstream industry for the fibres are also increasing, and the technologically advanced enterprises will gain a higher value added and a wider moat.
Similar industry status and business strategy: both the glass and the Chinese rock are the leading firms in their respective industries, from market share to profitability. In the face of the demand for structural upgrading in their industries, both sides have been able to achieve process upgrading through extensive research and development, leading to differentiated strategies. The glass has successfully developed high value-added landscape windows and Hud glass.
As China’s demographic dividend fades, the two are simultaneously undergoing a shift in business model from labour-intensive to intelligent manufacturing. A similar internationalization path: with the consolidation of the country’s leader, the expansion of the glass and China’s marbles abroad has accelerated.
Through the construction and acquisition of plants in Russia and the United States, glass has led to a path of development from China to Europe and to North America. The launch of Egypt’s production base in China’s giant stone represents a full-scale exposure of companies to the European market, and the start of the construction of the United States production base means that the company is expected to open up the US city space in the future, a path very similar to that of development.
We compare the change in the valuation of the glass with that of the Chinese rock. The glass has been moving up since the Russian project in 2014, while the valuation of the rock has fluctuated largely with the entire cycle of the fibre-optic industry. Therefore, we believe that the market does not fully recognize the company ' s achievements in differentiation and internationalization, and therefore the company ' s valuation has been revised in the medium term.
Respiratory space is still sufficient. There is greater scope for valuation if one takes into account potential catalysts, such as the merging of two pieces and the reform of State enterprises. Figure 35: Valuation of car parts and components pe-band Chart 36: Valuation of glazing glass
Figure 37: China's Stone-Band Valuation Figure 38: China's Great Stone pb-band Added Energy to Zoom in
The price of raw materials and fuel continues to rise in excess of expectations;
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.