Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine (600276):
HHPG-19K formally approved to be
made available in the market
BUY (Reiterate)
Event:
The company announced that Macapegfilgrastim injection (HHPG-19K),
CITICS Research
a major innovative drug for tumor, was formally approved by the
Chinese regulator via a new drug approving serial number of
TIAN Jiagiang
2018S00152.
Comments:
Macapegfilgrastim injection, another blockbuster product under
CAO Yang
the Company's line of tumor drug products. Macapegfilgrastim
injection is a type of blockbuster long-acting leukocytes (or white blood
cells) stimulating drug for aid treatment of tumour that the Company has
pinned high hopes on. It is the PEG-rhG-CSF injection that the
Company has developed on its own. It is applicable
Performance relative to the
non-Myeloid-cancer patients who are receiving treatment with myeloid
index
suppressing cancer drugs to reduce incidence rate of infections, which
are usually in the form of fever and neutropenia. Different from the
like-products (both generic drugs of Amgen's Pegfilgrastim) that CSPC
Pharmaceutical Group (01093.HK) and Qilu Pharmaceutical (600789)
launched, HHPG-19K has new generic name and is an innovative drug.
In 2017, the global sales revenue from Pegfilgrastim injections tallied c.
US$4.76bn and China's PEG-rhG-CSF injection (Long-acting G-CSF,
abbreviated as HHPG-19K) sales revenue stood at US$76mn. As a
whole, the long-acting G-CSF market boasts huge headroom for
expansion as long-acting G-CSF can keep substituting short-acting
Source: CITICS Quantitative Investment
product and benefit from expansion in the number of tumour patients.
Analysis System
Sales revenue of long acting G-CSF is expected to
hit
Rmb4bn-Rmb5bn over the next 4-5 years and combined sales revenue
Main data
of CSPC Pharmaceutical Group (01093.HK) and Qilu Pharmaceutical
(600789) are forecast to be Rmb1.20bn+ in 2018.
CSI 300
3,944.16
Total equity/shares o/s
Better than local rivals' like-products. In addition to differences in
(mn)
molecular structure and generic names, the Company's dosage of
LTM High/low (Rmb)
Macapegfilgrastim injection approved (0.6ml: 6mg) is larger than those
1-month absolute gain
9.27%
of CSPC Pharmaceutical Group (01093.HK) and Qilu Pharmaceutical
6-month absolute gain
41.26%
(600789)'s like-products (1ml: 3mg). Seen from performance in clinical
68.21%
YTD Absolute gain
trials, HHPG-19K is more efficacious than Amgen's Pegfilgrastim
LTM Average daily
injection while CSPC Pharmaceutical Group (01093.HK) and Qilu
turnover (Rmb mn)
Pharmaceutical (600789)'s products are equivalent to Amgen's
Pegfilgrastim injection. This will put the Company at a better position in
academic extension of this product. Medical insurance coverage,
Essential Drug List as a Class B drug (whose expense is 70%-80%
covered by medical insurance) but only for patients who suffered from
fever and severe neutropenia in the preceding chemotherapy. CSPC
Pharmaceutical Group (01093.HK) and Qilu Pharmaceutical (600789)
have benefited from their products. By contrast, HHPG-19K can't be put on the Essential Drug List as it
has the new generic name. However, we expect it to be put onto the List around 2019 as the new round
of negotiation about the annual adjustments to the List kicks off and regulator attaches great importance
to availability of tumor drugs.
A brand new stage for innovative drug business has kicked off as 19 K was approved. We view
that approval of HHPG-19K and probable approvals of pyrotinib, Taxol albumin and other blockbuster
drugs in the Company's pipeline in 2018 and the application for production of PD-1 (SHR1210), which is
nearly to be approved, will mark a fresh starting point for the Company in the development of innovative
and application against in 2017, marks that the Company's innovative drug business has formally
entered the peak harvest time. The Company's new products such as apatinib, HHPG-19K etc. are
expected to fuel a fresh round of swift revenue growth as its reform to refine its marketing by lines of
products proceeds.
Potential risks: disappointing progress in drug R&D and cut in tender prices for drugs to be procured
by medical institutions.
Retain BUY rating. The Company boasts a full range of lines of products and innovative drugs full in the
pipeline and leads the domestic peers in presence abroad. We revise our 2018-2020E ex-right EPS
estimates to Rmb1.01/1.22/1.56 from Rmb1.32/1.58/2.02. Given its enormous advantage in innovate
drugs and scarcity value, we retain our BUY rating.
Earnings forecast, valuation and investment rating of key listed companies
Major financial indicators
Source: Company announcement, CITICS Research forecast
Analyst Certification: The analysts primarily responsible for the preparation of all or part of the research report contained herein hereby certify that: (i) the
views expressed in this research report accurately reflect the personal views of each such analyst about the subject securities and issuers; and (ii) no part of the
analyst's compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this research report.
Investment rating system
Other Disclosures
This research report has been prepared by CITIC Securities Company Limited ("CS") or an affiliate thereof. CS, its affiliates, branches and associates (excluding
CLSA group of companies for the purpose of this research report disclaimer) are herein referred to as "CITIC Securities".
Legal Entities Disclosures
This material is issued and distributed in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) through CS (Securities Business License
Number Z20374000) which is regulated by the China Securities and Regulatory Commission. This material is distributed on behalf of CITIC Securities in China
Hong Kong by CLSA Limited; in China Taiwan by CL Securities Taiwan Co., Ltd; in Australia by CLSA Australia Pty Ltd; in United States by CLSA group of
companies (excluding CLSA Americas, LLC ("CLSA Americas"));in Singapore by CLSA Singapore Pte Ltd.(Company Registration No.: 198703750W);in the EU
by CLSA (UK);in India by CLSA India Private Limited, (Address: 8/F, Dalamal House, Nariman Point, Mumbai 400021. Tel No: +91-22-66505050. Fax No:
+91-22-22840271; CIN: U67120MH1994PLC083118; SEBI Registration No: INZ000001735 as Stock Broker, INM000010619 as Merchant Banker and
INH000001113 as Research Analyst); in Indonesia by PT CLSA Sekuritas Indonesia; in Japan by CLSA Securities Japan Co., Ltd; in Korea by CLSA Securities
Korea Ltd; in Malaysia by CLSA Securities Malaysia Sdn Bhd; in the Philippines by CLSA Philippines Inc. (a member of Philippine Stock Exchange and
Securities Investors Protection Fund); in Thailand by CLSA Securities (Thailand) Limited.
Jurisdiction Specific Disclosures
China: Business scope of CS includes securities investment advisory service, according to the securities business license issued by China Securities Regulatory
Commission.
United States: This research report has been produced in its entirety by CITIC Securities. This research report is distributed in the United States by CLSA
group of companies (excluding CLSA Americas) solely to persons who qualify as "major U.S. institutional investors" as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and deal with CLSA Americas. However, the delivery of this research report to any person in the United States shall
not be deemed a recommendation to effect any transactions in the securities discussed herein or an endorsement of any opinion contained herein. Any recipient
of this research report from CITIC Securities and CLSA group of companies in the United States wishing to effect a transaction in any security mentioned herein
should do so by contacting CLSA Americas.
Singapore: This material is distributed in Singapore by CLSA Singapore Pte Ltd., a Capital Markets Services license holder to deal in securities and an exempt
financial adviser, solely to Institutional Investors, Accredited Investors or Expert Investors, as defined in s.4A(1) of the Securities and Futures Act. Pursuant to
Paragraphs 33, 34, 35 and 36 of the Financial Advisers (Amendment) Regulations 2005 of the Financial Advisers Act (Cap 110) with regards to an institutional
investor, accredited investor, expert investor or Overseas Investor, sections 25, 27 and 36 of the Financial Adviser Act (Cap 110) shall not apply to CLSA
Singapore Pte Ltd. Please contact CLSA Singapore Pte Ltd. (telephone No.: +65 6416 7888) in connection with queries on the report. MCI (P) 024 11 2017.
Canada: This research report has been produced in its entirety by CITIC Securities. The delivery of this research report to any person in Canada shall not be
deemed a recommendation to effect any transactions in the securities discussed herein or an endorsement of any opinion contained herein.
United Kingdom: The disclosures contained in this part of "United Kingdom" shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with British law. This research
report is a marketing communication. It has not been prepared in accordance with the legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment
research as defined in the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook, and is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination of investment
research. The research report is disseminated in the EU by CLSA (UK), which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. This document is
directed at persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments as defined in Article 19 of the FSMA 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order
2005. Any investment activity to which it relates is only available to such persons. If you do not have professional experience in matters relating to investments
you should not rely on this document.
General
This research report is strictly confidential to the recipient and provided only for the use of the recipient. It is not intended for persons in places where the
distribution or publication of this research report is not permitted under the applicable laws or regulations of such places. This research report is for information
purposes only and should not be construed as an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities or financial instruments in any
jurisdiction. CITIC Securities will not deem the recipient as its clients by reason of their receiving this report. The opinions and recommendations contained
herein do not take into account individual clients' special circumstances, objectives or needs and are not intended as recommendations of particular securities,
financial instruments or strategies to particular clients. The recipient of this report must independently make his own decisions regarding any securities or
financial instruments mentioned herein.
Information contained herein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but CITIC Securities do not warrant its accuracy or completeness. CITIC
Securities assumes no liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this research report or otherwise
arising in connection therewith. Any securities or financial instruments referred to herein may involve significant risk, may be illiquid and may not be suitable for
all investors. The prices, values and incomes of the securities or financial instruments referred to herein may fluctuate and be affected by changes in exchange
rates. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Information, opinions and estimates contained herein reflect the judgment of analyst(s) of CITIC Securities at the date of its original publication and are subject to
changes without notification. They also may be different from or contrary to the opinions presented by other business departments, units or affiliates of CITIC
Securities, as different assumptions, standards, views and analytical methods may be adopted in the preparation of such other materials, and CITIC Securities
has no obligation to bring such other materials to the attention of any recipient of this report. CITIC Securities relies on information barriers to control the flow of
information contained in one or more areas within CITIC Securities, into other areas, units, groups or affiliates of CITIC Securities. The compensation of analysts
who prepared this research report is determined solely by the management of Research Department and senior management of CITIC Securities. Analysts'
compensation is not decided based on revenue of CITIC Securities' investment banking business but may be linked with overall revenue of its investment
banking business, of which investment banking, sales and trading are a part.
If this research report is distributed by a financial institution other than CITIC Securities, that financial institution is solely responsible for its distribution. Clients of
that institution should contact that institution to effect a transaction in the securities mentioned in this research report or if they require further information. This
research report does not constitute investment advice by CITIC Securities to the clients of the distributing financial institution, and neither CITIC Securities nor its
respective officers, directors and employees will accept any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from their use of this research report
or its content.
This research report may not be reproduced, distributed or sold by any person for any purpose without the prior written consent of CITIC Securities.
Copyright 2018. CITIC Securities. All rights reserved.