High-speed ccl certified by a large North American clientele will generate high growth in corporate and universal server operations.
Southwest Securities Research and Development Center . Events: Recent technology benefits have revealed that their ultra-low-lost copper sheet products have been certified by North American terminal customers and are currently in the process of certification of product projects.
We're going to do a new round of high-speed capped copper material upgrades, and we're going to do a card for the m8 system material, mainly for light, Doosan, profit, gloom, and so on.
Technology 24h2 cuts into the oam and server ubb supply chain of the nvidiab100 acceleration card, and the egs server has been driving up the ccl volume since 24 years in 25-26, benefiting from the share increase. The egs server pcb parent layer has been raised to over 16-18 floors, and the demand for coatings has increased by about 15% at high speeds.
Annual acceleration of the switch from the whitley platform to the egs will drive the growth of the high-speed coatings market. According to our product chain research, the company ' s current sample share in the terminal server brand has been raised to over 30%, about 10 pp above the whitley platform.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: We believe that profit technology is more certain about the medium- and long-term growth of high-speed copper plates than our peers, as evidenced by: 1) m8 class high-speed materials with a card edge and faster downstream verification than our peers, which is expected to continue to replace the share of the plant. On the basis of these considerations, we believe that companies will grow certainly in the future.
1. Beneficiary technology (600183): global lead on the brassboard, recovery of the industry cycle leading to profit recovery (2023-03-02)
Household imports are not as high as expected, product volume is not stable as expected. 1 Industry situation: high-speed high-end copper panels with high-level continental and desktop cards. Electrical performance is a central parameter indicator of the server's selection for the coating.
Unreal, we usually have to make high priority screenings for ccl electrical performance (media constant, medium loss, resistance) in conjunction with its frequency, followed by a combination of the type of end product and the use of environmental heat for ccl (heat inflation factor, heat stability, heat resistance), stability (corruptibility, age resistance, mechanical strength).
(dk): The signal transmission rate affects the coating plate. The medium constant is an indicator of the insulation properties of the product, reflecting the extent to which the material responds to the confluence field. The smaller the dk, the better, the smaller the material responds to the transmission field. The square root of the channel constant is inversely proportional to the signal transmission rate, so that the medium constant transmits the signal the smaller.
The transmission rate is faster, while the high-resolution constant causes transmission delays. The medium loss (df): affects the quality of the signal transmission of the coating plate. The medium loss is a measure of the loss of the material in the process of transmission of energy to the field.
The smaller the df, the smaller the loss of materials to the transmission grid, the higher the quality of the corresponding signal transmission. HF panels focus on dk stability and high-speed panels on low-df. HF panels are more used for radars, satellites, wireless communication equipment, high-speed panels are used mainly for servers, switches, etc.. From pcb panel design, HF panels are designed to reduce signal losses and improve connection.
Sensitivity, with a slightly more sophisticated line, can cause a greater volatility in the width frequency signals if the dk of the coating has a greater effect on the signal. The high frequency plate is therefore more focused on the stability of the dk parameters at different frequencies. And the high-speed plate, in pcb design, will require long lines to meet the signal time series, so that pcb is designed with a wider line width and a thicker layer, with a higher speed.
The high-speed copper-covering constants (dk) and medium-depletion factors (df) are associated with telecom frequencies, plate thickness, etc.
(df:0.005-0.008), very lowloses (df:0.002-0.005), ultralowlos/extremelowlos (df<0.002).
In 2022, the main players in the high-speed copper-plate industry, according to the pattern of competition in the global high-speed industry, were Moo, Taiyang, Taiyo, Dooyama, and Biotech, accounting for 21/19 per cent, 17 per cent, 6 per cent, and Cr5, 70 per cent, respectively; in 2017, the main players in the global high-speed sector were Matsushita, Taiyo, Moo, Dooyama, Mitsubishi, etc.
The share was 30/15 per cent/10 per cent per 5 per 2 per cent; cr 5 was 62 per cent. 1) Overall: the global high-speed copper sheet market has seen a small increase in concentration over the past five years, with a decline in Japan, a rapid rise in Taiwan, China, and a steady increase in mainland China ' s share in recent years. 2) Structurally: Japan ' s share of Matsushita has been rapidly eroded by Taiwan producers, while Taiwan has been shut down by European and American customers.
In recent years, there has been a steady increase in the share of Doosan and mainland technology in the rest of the country. Chinese and Taiwan-based producers have gradually taken a lead in high-end areas.
In mainland China (Living Fortune, South Asia, Huazheng), Taiwan (Taiyo, Shigeong, Tai Guang) and Japan (Sun-hoon, Mitsubishi-Was Chemical, Doo-san), the supply side of the industry is gradually being optimized along with the copper-plating upgrade. According to the high-speed copper-plating information that we have collated, the companies Shizuku, Tai Guang, Matsumoto, Sun-Jing etc. poured copper in everylowloss and above.
The board has a stronger card position. 2 Demand drivers: server upgrades drive growth of high-speed copper panels above m6. General server markets maintain medium- and low-digit growth, and replacement upgrades are the main driving force of demand.
According to the Global Common Server Market, the combined rate of delivery increased by 2.7 per cent over the five-year period 2018-2022, maintaining a steady overall increase, with server replacements being the main driver of demand growth. Purley/whitley platform servers are in storage with a ball of macroeconomic weakness and semiconductors, and server output is slowing down, with global common server output in 2023.
Or 1.1% to 1.346 million in the same year, and 2024 to be expected to benefit from the replacement of the indleaglestream server, with a 3.3% increase in volume to 13.89 million in the same year.
In the future, with a large model landing and upgrading, we expect that the delivery of a server will continue to increase at a medium and high speed. The increase in a server pcb is reflected in the gpu panel, where high-speed high-speed copper sheets and above are the main requirements.
In terms of the core structure of the Invedaai server, it is possible mainly to divide into gpu groups, cpu groups, accessories, etc., with the addition of verylowlos/ultralowlos class ccl, cpu master panel ccl, etc., to very lowloses. In terms of the i server product structure:
gpute group: ai accelerator, nvswitch, high-speed backboard cpuboard group: cpu chip, pcleswitch, dram, motherboard, other accessories: fan, power source, solid-state hard drive
Figure 4: i Server hardware structure disassembled h100gpu group: high-speed ccl needs at or above m6/m7 level. gpugroup core pcb board is acceleration, Kaoam, ubb. h100, for example, oam part pcb, approximately 0.03-0.04m2, using 20th floor hdi
m2, with a demand of verylowlos/ultralowlos (m6/m7), with a partially medium-high tgfr-4 mixture. h100cpu matrix: dominated by demand for high-speed coronation sheet at levels M6 and above. From the cpu group, the main pcb value is concentrated on the parent plate, which uses 12-14 floors of pcb permeable board with an area of approximately 0.35-0.4 m2, with a copper plate in every case.
Lowloss levels are dominated. Parts such as pcleswitch, netcards, ssd, electrical panels, etc. are dominated by 4-8 floors, with a relatively low value, with fr-4/middle-high tgfr-4/heavy copper in demand. Single servers have a value of about 40000 to 5,000 yuan, and the gpu group and the cpu matrix are dominated by demand.
Their industry studies show that the price of high-speed copper sheeting at level M6 is now about $300/barrel, and the price of high-speed copper sheeting at level M7 is about $400/barrel, in terms of value: gpu-plate group: single-stage value of about 3,000 yen. We assume that the area of the oam is 0.03 m2.
Using the 20-storey process of the 5th Platoon, which corresponds to 0.6 m2, the ultralowlos level for high-speed coatings, and $1745 for 8 oam coatings for single-stageai servers.
fr-4 level mix with a single-stageai server, ubb, with a value of $1364. cpu group: the value of a single sheet of approximately 1300 coins. We assume that the master plate is 0.4 m2, pcb is 14 floors of perforated board, which requires an area of approximately 5.6 m2, and the coating is lows/verylowloss
Mainly, the value of the single server's parent sheet is approximately $1273. b100 single servers have an expected value of $6,000 and an increase of 42% over the h100 server. For the next generation's ai accelerator, we make a value assumption and disassemble its core pcb sheet, assuming: 1)oam
The value of the oam corresponding to the copper sheet will be increased to $2727; 2) portion ubb: we assume that the number of high multi-perforcing floors will be raised to 25 floors, the material will be mixed with the medium-high tgfr-4 pressure of m7/m7n and the unit price will be increased by 20%, and the value of the single server relative to the ubb portion will be increased to $2045; 3) part of the cpu matrix we assume the number of layers will be raised to 16 floors and the coatings will be increased to 2045;
Using a mix of m6 and medium-high tgfr-4 pressure, the value of the cpu matrix will be increased to $1455.3 Flexibility: significant profit gains from the server market in 25-26 \triangleright
25/26, or $130-220 million in profit gains. Assuming the company's entry into the British Weida supply chain, we believe that the British Weida contributed to the company's performance in 2024, or was more limited, to a certain extent by the low volume of goods limited to b100 and the low share of the company, but with the completion of the replacement of h100 and the subsequent increase in the company's share in b100 in 25/26 b-100.
The server will produce a significant increase in performance. We expect a profit gain of between $130 million and $220 million in 25/26 years if the technology goes into the supply chain of British Weidaoam and ubb, and is expected to achieve a profit gain of 670 million in the future.
General server contribution assumptions and measurements: egs server replacements are expected to contribute 100-200 million profit increments per year, and egs server replacements are expected to generate 120 billion profit gains per year for companies. We believe that another important driver for the company’s high-speed copper capping board for the next three to five years will be the upgrading of the general server market.
The bulk-out egs server, which we believe will accelerate the replacement of the whitley platform from 24 years on, with high-speed board upgrades and cpu parent layer upgrades of the egs server being the main points of price growth. We expect high-speed copper overboards in servers to be used mainly in the cpu master panel for 24-26 years, and currently the whitley platform server is about 12 floors.
We assume that the global common server will maintain a 1 to 3 per cent increase on a year-on-year basis in 2024-2026. The egs server output during the period shows that the share of technology for profit in the whitley platform is about 20 per cent, the share of the current egs server platform is raised to 30 per cent, and the medium- and long-term prospects are based on the stability of product quality, value for money, and the endorsement of overseas label clients to sustain the expansion of the global share.
Assumptions above, we calculate the company’s elasticity of performance as follows: Assumption 1: Overstretched pressure on the supply side of the copper board industry continues this year, the end demand is weak, and we have made minor repairs to this year’s yield and price expectations. But we are still more optimistic about the demand for end-use electronics and servers over the next 2-3 years.
After 24 years, the cycle of cellular switching will lead to an increase in the volume and price of the copper sheet, and the company’s share in the server market will increase the price of the high-speed copper sheet will significantly improve the structure of the company’s products and increase profits. On the basis of the above projections, we assume that: corporate pcb operations will be stable as a whole, and 24-25 years will benefit from server-country substitution demand to boost the number of businesses.
There are potential opportunities for overseas client expansion. We expect companies to sell pcb in 2023-2025 to be equal, and we have selected three companies in the industry that are similar to the technology-for-profit business model, with an average of 17 times the average of three companies in 2024. Companies grow more certainly in high-speed capping than their counterparts, in the form of: 1)m8 class high-speed material.
Based on the above considerations, we believe that industry prices have increased in the company, the server has not changed as expected, the high-speed copper sheet scheme has been downgraded, the customer imports have not been as expected, and the output has been reduced.
No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.