Automobile performance exceeded expectations and accelerated release: company report released in the third quarter of 2022, business income realized by company in January-September
Since 2022, the company’s net profit rate has kept its eyes open, and the new energy automobile business has moved away from dependence on subsidies and constitutes an absolute pillar of profit. Brand power upgrades + scale effects, and new energy is growing in profit.
It's believed that the company's technology deposition plus design upgrade, which has been developed for many years by the three power systems, has undermined the consumer's previous low-end car perception, relying on high product power versus value for money to succeed in branding, driving up the average price of a bicycle, and driving up the cycle of new energy use in the car industry.
Total equity/flow (million shares)
In excess of expectations, q3 achieved 537.2 million vehicle sales, corresponding to +197 per cent, ring sales + 52 per cent and expected to reach more than 1.7 million vehicles per year; (ii) profit: companies adopt industry-wide chain layout strategies, scale effects are fully developed in the context of high-speed downstream demand release, brand upgrades are advanced and single cars are upgraded
Biyadi (002594) High Sales Innovation Zone Average price + scale effect reduced the profitability of the new two-wheel-drive vehicle operation, significantly improved momentum and opened up the new platform.
The increase is expected to be significant in terms of the return of a bicycle to its mother ' s net gain of over $9,500, the ring ratio of about +40 per cent. Following this, the net profit of a bicycle is higher as the volume continues to increase + the price increase orders.
Release. We believe that the current performance of the company is on the upwards of the cycle, that it can accelerate with the further expansion of its high-quality capacity and the seaboarding process, and that it can accelerate the release of its upwards: 1) it can raise its output: it has a strong hand order, and it is in a state of supply and demand.
In July-September, the company's new energy was driven by cars, with swords pointing to heavy towns in Japan, Europe and other overseas automobiles, Don, Han, Yuan plus (atto3)
The Paris Car Fair highlights the company's confidence in technology and the ecology of the industrial chain, and promotes the creation of a new growth curve in overseas sales. 3) Extra battery supplies are expected to accelerate, and the market will benefit from faster storage, investment advice: corporate yields are higher than expected, sales and single-car net profits are higher.
Pro-Certificate Code: Performance over-expected, upwards accelerated release of research institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.