In September, sales went up by 200,000, and the global layout went on.
In September, Tang Xuxia sold more than 200,000, an increase of 151 per cent in the same year and 15 per cent in the ring. In September 2022, Biadey sold 201,259 vehicles, an increase of 151 per cent in the same year and a 15 per cent increase in the ring.
A total of 106,032 vehicles, an increase of 214 per cent in the same year and 16 per cent in the ring. The Han family sold 30,000 per month, and dolphins sold close to 25,000 per month. In January-September 2022, 1,185,103 cars were sold in Biadi, an increase of 160 per cent in the same year. Of these, 582,129 vehicles were sold in pure electricity, an increase of 216 per cent in the same year, and 593,192 in blended vehicles, an increase of 308 per cent in the same year. In September 2022, companies sold new energy vehicles abroad.
In September 2022, the total number of new energy motor and storage batteries in Biadi was about 8.610gwh, a 105% increase in the same year and 14% in the ring. In January-September 2022, the cumulative total was about 57.49gwh, a 145% increase in the same year.
Three models for the European market, including Han, Tang and Yuan plus, and an official pre-sale price. At the launch, Biadi announced the official pre-sale price in Europe for the dollar plus, Han and Tang. Of these, the German pre-sale price was Euro38,000, and the German pre-sale price for Han and Tang was Euro72,000. The three models will also be on the market in Paris, France, in October, and will open up European multinational deliveries, including the move.
By the end of this year, Biadei will have further expanded the French and British markets to provide high-quality new energy vehicles and accompaniment services to local consumers. Biadi’s global layout continues. Biadi attended Chile in September 2022.
Development of the road; announcement of the first overseas passenger car factory to be built in Thailand with the contracted officers of the Wha Weihua Group Mass Limited; launch of the Blade Batteries technology platform at the International Transport Fair in the German participating countries; cooperation with the Automotive Group bstc in Jordan to open a new chapter of the New Energy Motors agreement; and in Macao, China, the Blade Batteries received a big beyond prize for science, technology and innovation in consumption;
In Europe, the launch of the three-car model and the announcement of official pre-sale prices were held at a new energy-car launch; in Malaysia, a partnership was signed with Senamé to promote the development of the new energy-based automobile industry in Malaysia.
The ability to grasp the downstream terminal market has improved significantly, with pure power plugs mixed with two-wheel drive, followed by the roll-out of the new car. The track is growing well + the industrial chain is strong + the market share is high, and the high-quality giants in the high-quality industry are becoming clear. By the logic of the feeder line, Biadey's blade battery has significantly increased the energy density of the phosphate lithium battery in a way that is structurally innovative, and has demonstrated the safety of the battery bag through needle tests, and is technologically superior.
One red flag e-qm5, Cyrus sf5, Long Ancs 55, East Frere, Ford Mustangmach-e, Lincoln Adventurer Phev, etc., has already indicated in media interviews that they will supply Tesla. The future of the blade battery is expected to expand further, along with the high rate of battery storage, leading to significant business growth in Biadi. We maintain the 2022 profit forecast, which is expected to be 22/23/24.
In September 2022, the number of Byadi cars sold was 201,259, an increase of 151 per cent and the ring 15 per cent. In January-September 2022, the number of Byadi vehicles sold was 1,185,103, an increase of 160 per cent.
In September 2022, the net electric car sales in Biadi amounted to 94,941, an increase of 162 per cent in the same year and a 15 per cent increase in the ring; the sale of Biadi hybrid vehicles, an increase of 216 per cent in the same year; and the cumulative sales of 593,192 hybrid vehicles, an increase of 308 per cent in the same year. Starting in June 2021, the net electricity sales in Biadi had fluctuated from a single month to a single month.
In September 2022, the Han/Don/Song/Qin/Congregation sold 21% 39%/9%/0%/29% respectively. In September, the number of destroyers, dolphins, seals and seals in the marine network was 9,101/24, 956/7,473 and the number of destroyers and dolphins increased by 4.6%.
Batteries continued to grow at a high rate. In September 2022, the total number of new energy motor and storage batteries in Biadi was about 8.610gwh, a 105% increase in the same year, and the ring 14% increase in the same year. In January-September 2022, the cumulative total was about 57.492gwh, a 145% increase in the same year.
On September 28, 2022, Biadi launched a new energy bus on the European Line, launching three models for the European market, including Han, Tang and Yuan plus, and announced the official sale price. At the launch, Biadi announced the official sale in Europe of Yuan plus, Han, and Tang three models.
The three cars will also be on the market in Paris, France, in October, and will open up European multinational deliveries, including Norway, Denmark, Sweden, the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, etc. By the end of this year, Biadi will have further expanded the French and British markets to provide local consumers with new high-quality energy vehicles and accessories.
As early as 1998, Biadi’s first overseas branch was established in the Netherlands, with high-quality products and technologies, and its European branch was recognized by the local market, expanding its operations from batteries to solar power, storage, and new energy vehicles, with footprints in more than 20 European cities. In the first half of this year, Biadi became the global champion of new energy cars.
By August of this year, Biadi’s new energy vehicle had a cumulative clientele of over 2.4 million. Biadi’s new energy footprint has spread across more than 70 countries and regions and more than 400 cities around the world.
Biyadi's global layout continues to grow. In September 2022, Biadi explored the path of a green future in Chile at the 2022 Latin American Transport Summit; announced the first overseas car factory to be built with full funding from the signing officer of the Wha Weihua Group Mass Limited in Thailand; and launched the Blade Battery Technology Platform at the International Transport Fair in the German participating countries, and entered into a partnership with Bstc, a group of car dealers in Jordan.
A new chapter in New Energy Vehicles in Denmark; in Macao, China, Blade Battery received a big beyond prize for consumer science and innovation on behalf of Didy and Ferdy Battery; the launch of a three-car-type launch in Europe and the announcement of official pre-sale prices; and the signing of a partnership between Malaysia and Senamie to promote the development of the new energy automobile industry in Malaysia. Since 2022, Biadey’s export sales have climbed rapidly, increasing to 7736 vehicles in September.
By the main line logic, Biadey's deep layout of the upstream industrial chain is very strong in three electrical technologies (cells, electric machines, electrical controls); the ability to hold the downstream terminal market has improved markedly, with pure plug-and-drive double-wheel drive, followed by the roll-out of a new explosive vehicle. The track has grown well + the power of the industrial chain + market share, and the high quality of the industry has become clear. By the feed logic, Biade's blade battery has significantly increased phosphate in a way that is structurally innovative.
The energy density of the lithium battery, and the safety of the battery bag was demonstrated through needle-point tests, leading by technology, with a red flag e-qm5, Cyrus sf5, Long Ancs55, East Fry Free, Ford Mustangmach-e, Lincoln Adventurer Phev, among others, whose executives have indicated in media interviews that they will supply Tesla. The future external supply of blade batteries is expected to expand further, along with the high-speed flow of storage batteries.
We maintain a profit forecast for Biadi in 2022, where the net return profit of the company is expected to be an increase in the price of raw materials in 22/23/24, recurrent outbreaks and chip constraints affecting the release and delivery of productive capacity, and the volume of new vehicle models sold below expectations. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author