In October, the sales were highly innovative, the dollar plus overseas distribution company announced sales data for October. The total volume of sales in October was 2,178,000 vehicles, compared to bibia oil.
This compares to +157.3 per cent of the total number of new energy motor and storage batteries in October.
As a result of the postponement of most of the car exhibitions, the overall marketing pace has been strained, and companies rely on synergies in supply chains, technological innovation, etc., for better risk resistance, and sales in October have remained strong.
In October, the Division sold vehicles of new energy type for a total of 217.5 million vehicles, corresponding to +14.4 per cent, ring + 8.2 per cent, and in October for subtypes: 10.32 million units of pure electricity sold in October, with a cumulative increase of 239.1 per cent for the same division, with a cumulative increase of 202.8 per cent for pure power, inserted.
In the top of the list, pure electric saloons sold thousands of seals and dm-styled cars. 1) The Han family sold 316,000 vehicles in October, i.e. + 185.1 per cent, ring + 0.4 per cent, and cumulatively sold over 370,000 of them.
Handm series +554.3 per cent; 2) Tang family sales 17.2 million in October, 150.1 per cent, Ring + 14.0 per cent and cumulative sales over 400,000, of which Tang dm sales +111.4 per cent; Song, 705 vehicles, Songdm +333.8 per cent; Qin family sales in October
Thirty-seven thousand vehicles, equal to +25.0 per cent, ring to 12.3 per cent, representing a decrease in sales from the previous month; 5) Yuanjie Pure sedan seals sold 11.13 million in October, ring to +50.8 per cent, were listed at the end of July with 23.2 per cent ring, of which 7130 were exported, contributing a major increase from 7.
Since then, companies have continued to market overseas markets such as Japan, Singapore, Germany, Sweden, etc.; in October, the dollar Plus, built on the company ' s pure power platform e-platform 3.0 and held blade batteries, has been on the market in Laos, Thailand, India, Nepal, Mongolia, Colombia, etc.
Improving the layout of the new overseas energy-car market in South-East Asia, Latin America, etc.; October 17, the company opened its first store (bydsaga) in Brasilia with Don, Han, Yuan plus three electric cars.
(brasília) By the end of October, the company had set up 10 dealers’ underloans in Brazil, and in the future it would have invested $4.2 billion in the construction of plants in Brazil to further increase its investment abroad.
The autonomous control of core instruments such as blade batteries, power semiconductors, etc., allows for a straight supply of upstream industrial chains, combined with a combination of pure power-drive technology, which is constantly helping China’s new energy vehicles to develop upwards. It is expected that the pace of growth in the overseas market will be significant in the future, with company-owned revenues and profits at large.
High growth rates will be maintained over the next three years. We predict a sustained increase in corporate operating income from 2022 to 2024, an increase in upstream raw materials, a shortage of chip supplies, and increased competition for new energy vehicle products.
Figure 2: Monthly sales of company phev by vehicle (vehicle) Figure 5: Data used in the present report for the company's main vehicle share of recent sales and aggregate sales performance (vehicles) are derived from information that we believe is currently publicly available and independently judged and concluded, seeking independence, objectivity and fairness
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.