A Biyadi (002594.sz) incident assessment report released by Biyadi in the third quarter of 2022: expected net return profit
3
The company’s performance is expected to be sustained by electricity, the continued delivery of high-price orders, the continued strengthening of the scale effect, high-end vehicles, and improved electronic profitability to absorb the costs, among other things, to drive the company’s single-car profits to a new level.
We believe that, along with the corporate-scale effect, the continued excellence of the supply chain, high-end motors, intelligent additions, build-up of batteries, and the continuous opening of the company's Lizzy-Little route.
The multi-product matrix is deep and brand power continues to rise, and the corporate multi-product matrix is deep and has now formed the two main platforms of dmi and e3.0, as well as the three core departments represented by the dynasty, the ocean and the rise of power.
In the future, higher brands are expected to be launched, leading to further bottom-up and higher-level breakthroughs. In the existing Dynasty network, there are 200,000 to 300,000 high-end car owners, 1 and the Wiadian Securities * Biadi report.
Qin, Song, Yuan, and Oceannet include 200,000 to 300,000 high-end vehicles. Newly high and branded *202,807*
Seals, 100,000-grade dolphins, with future high-end brands on the ground, companies have 2022-08-07 Yoon Bin, Le Giangtao, expect to achieve 100 million-million-grade full coverage, drive company sales and brand power.
Biyadi (002594) May sales rating: re-innovation high, product matrix reinforced moats
On September 28th, Biadei launched an online conference to announce the publication of the Biadee Securities* Report for European countries.
Three vehicles, Tang, Han and Yuan plus, with three pre-sales in Germany announced (002594). Dynamic evaluation: ctb grabs technology, Don, Han 72,000 Euros and Plus 38,000 Euros.
High point. Global flagships are higher than domestic. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved a total of 23,000 overseas sales, and are expected to increase further, helping corporate brands to achieve global breakthroughs and drive.
Corporate profit levels have increased further, and overall, the company has been strengthened in the area of electric vehicles, the supply chain is strong, the core chain is self-controllable, and the multidimensional strength of the company’s products is on the rise.
In addition, the company continues to expand its international and domestic customers beyond the power cell self-supply drive, and continues to operate on both the storage and the electric car tracks, with batteries outside to open the ceiling. The company drives fast, smart drivers around it.
Light radar, high-precision maps, chips, algorithms, etc. Smart with code. We believe that corporate products, technology, supply chains are entering a virtuous cycle, and industry continues to consolidate and leapfrog from “mass” to “mass”.
We look forward to the company’s medium- and long-term development opportunities and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Policy volatility risks; downstream demand below expectations; product prices below expectations; competition: Dr. Yin Bin: new energy chief, assistant director. 4-year business + 5-year securities + 1-year fund has been used.
As a voucher, it currently covers, among other things, lithium power cells, fuel cells, storage energy and related listed companies and new energy vehicles.
4 years of experience in securities, 2021 in Chinese securities, research on new energy vehicles and listed companies. Pan Ziyan, Master of Arts, London University College, 2021 in Chinese securities.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.