Product volume uplifts performance, productive capacity continues to expand. Biadi (002594.sz) issued 3rd Quarterly Report 2022, real in the first 3rd quarter of 2022.
Current operating income is 26.668 billion yuan, i.e. +84.37 per cent of the year; net return to the mother is 9,311 million sulfur, i.e. +28.113 per cent of the year, net profit of 8,365 million yuan, i.e., net profit of shareholders who are not subsequently affiliated to the parent company, etc.
(i) A strong product cycle boosts revenue, with a significant improvement in the Māori rate supporting performance growth. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved $26,768.8 million in operating income, compared to +84.37 per cent, driven mainly by the increase in the volume of new energy vehicle products.
118.51 million vehicles, +161.76 per cent of the same year, are the core driving force behind the significant growth in performance, with the Division achieving sales of 538.7 million vehicles, +161.4 per cent of the same year, the Ring + 51.44 per cent of the continued sales of the fire Qin JiQin
This year to date, the company has been publishing high-end star products such as Handm-i, Handm-p, new Hanev, seals, hot orders, sales ups and sales, driving the company to the top, adding the scale effects and vertical supply chain integration capacity of the company ' s productivity up, corporate hair.
Interest rates rose significantly, with the company's Māori rate of 15.89% in the first three quarters of 2022, a significant increase in the Māori rate in the previous three quarters. The company's Han family has now reached an average price of over $250,000, and seals delivered more than 7,000 vehicles in September and are on an accelerated climb.
In the paragraph, over 60,000 orders were placed in hand, over 30,000 orders were placed, q4 was expected to be delivered, and the share of high-end products sold by q4 was expected to increase further, providing strong support for the company ' s q4 performance and maintaining firm corporate leadership in the new energy vehicle market.
(ii) Cost control is good and brand image is up. In the first three quarters of 2022, company sales + 1.00 pct, ring comparison +0.68 pct, on the basis of the clear basis of the value-for-money advantage of new energy vehicle products, companies have expanded their brand market recognition and influence by increasing their sales channel inputs.
The market share continues to rise, with the company ' s new energy car market accounting for 31.53 per cent in the first quarter of the q3 season, the ring q2 plus (iii) the growth rate is constant, and the overseas limousine market contributes to the new dynamic in October.
On 15th, the start-up ceremony of the South Biadi New Energy Automobile Parts and Components Industrial Park project, which invested $10 billion, will be used for the construction of spare parts production lines for new energy sources such as car-loading beams, precision craft, electromechanical precision plastics, wheel wires, wheel bearings, seat covers, etc.
The company’s products are still in short supply, supporting the company’s continued acceleration of the expansion process. In the same vein, the company recently announced its entry into overseas markets such as India, Malaysia, Germany, and on October 18th, the company’s three core pure electricity products, the Paris Car Fair, were presented by Don, Han, and Yuan plus.
On October 12, Yuan plus received five-star security certification from the European New Car Safety Assessment Association, and corporate excellence was recognized overseas and is expected to support corporate products in the future.
The expansion of markets has provided new growth engines for companies, and the enabling companies have continued to perform at a high level of performance. The car industry has not sold as much as expected, with the risk of production bottlenecks associated with a shortage of chips; and the risk of rising prices of raw materials.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.