Performance was significantly higher than expected, with high vehicle profit innovation on 31 October 2022 Summary of events: Biadi published three-quarterly report 2022, 2022 q3 on 28 October 2022
\triangleright \triangleright scale + high-end energy and high \car profit innovation. Company 2022q3 operating revenue \triangleright \triangleright 11.780 billion
Euros, of which cars and other businesses contribute 90.280 billion, +174.4%/ring +49.6%, bicycles 10,000, +0.53 million, which is historically high. Companies ' profits are higher than expected by: 1) faster sales than by +5.6 pct; 2) higher end-of-cycle vehicles continue to be released, with 833.37 million q3 sales in the Han/Don series, the same amount.
In terms of product layout, 1.Byadi (002594.sz) is currently taking stock in June:
With the launch of the Seanet and the listing of first-car dolphins at the end of the year, destroyers 05, seals have accumulated three, sales in June have been re-innovated, demand and demand have benefited fully from electric motorization, heavy-pound vehicle models, and the company will be launching further new cars such as frigate 07, seagulls, sea lions, and so on.
On the technology layout, company director 2.Biyadi (002594.sz) reported in April:
Unafraid outbreak disturbance, negative growth in sales - 2022/05/04 - with a global roll-out of ctb technology that allows for the integration of battery bodies; core parts and blade batteries based on security, 3. Biadi (002594.sz) reported in the first quarter of 2022:
High-energy advantages continue to be available for vehicles such as Long An/North Gas/One Gas/Texra; e3.0 platforms are equipped with blade batteries, 2022q1 performances are overexpected, and new energy-intensive products are released in instantaneous fast-loading technologies that can centralize the domain controllers and lay the foundation for intelligent soft and hardware layouts.
In August, Biadi officially entered Japan with a fast-track assessment of production and sales in March:
In the car market, the three-car pattern of AC, Dolphins and Seals is expected to be sold again in 2023; in September, in Biya, the demand for blending continued to flourish, with a complete cut-off of fuel to hit the first overseas car factory invested in the new Di, officially landing at the Thailand Wha Industrial Park; and in the same month, the company convened a new talent.
5. Biadei (002594): February: launch on Euroline and recent participation in the Paris Car Fair and launch of Han, Tang and China to the European market
Moreover, the company will further expand its French and British markets by the end of this year. The acceleration of overseas market opening is expected to be a central contribution to the growth of corporate sales next year.
Investment proposals: considering the continued upswing in corporate sales, the intensive introduction of new products, the optimal top-end vehicle structure, the surface power, and the continued upscaling of sea + high end growth are expected to be a core growth point, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.