The state's gold securities are on acceleration and multi-brand strategy.
On November 16, Biadi's 3 million new energy vehicles were released offline, marking Biadi's first Chinese brand to achieve that milestone.
1) 13 years from the first new energy vehicle to the 1 million new energy vehicles; 1 million to 2 million for one year; 2 million to 3 million for six months only. 2) Biadi will build a whole new million-class high-end brand with subversive technologies and products - looking forward to it
In 2023, q1 was officially launched to give users a new experience; in 2023, it will also introduce a new brand with a professional personality.
In October 2022, the number of single-month sales by companies was 221.1 million, or +169.8 per cent/+168.8 per cent, respectively; in January-October, sales by Biadi amounted to 141.2 and 139.8, respectively, representing an increase of 233.5 per cent and 233.9 per cent, respectively, in relation to the “accceleration” of new energy vehicles.
With regard to safety, the combination of safety and continuity of lithium carbonate materials provides for material security; the puncture experiment reflects a list 3. "Smallisation effects are high, performance is over-expected brightness - body safety; crushing experiments demonstrate package safety; ctb plus reversal speed, full side bumps indicate the whole vehicle. "
The third quarter of Biadey's performance forecast, security, and the future of black technology will bring great security to users.
In the future, Biadi will form a dynasty, ocean, high brands, look-up brands, professional personalization of brands, a matrix of brands, covering from home to luxury, from public to personal, to meet user diversity needs.
Quarterly d9 starts delivery, with the launch of the destroyer 07, the push d9 is now over 3w orders, and high-end branding continues to bring about an increase in the average price, which will help to boost corporate branding. Companies further develop global markets, promoting business, talent, vehicle use, and industry internationalization.
On October 17th, Tang, Han, atto3 3 shows of electric cars in Paris. Seals will be marketed in Germany and Sweden through the European Distributors Group in 22q4. Overseas sales are expected to take place in 23 years.
Unexpected sales of electric vehicles; increased competition in the industry; and risk of policy volatility. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment