On 2 December, the company released its November Express, which sold 230427 vehicles in November, an increase of 134.3 per cent compared to the previous year; this year's cumulative sales of 1633346 vehicles, an increase of 154.8 per cent compared with the previous year, with new sources of energy sold in vehicles.
The total number of power cells and storage batteries increased by 8 per cent in November, and the total number of installed machines this year was 78.684gwh.
On the basis of technology such as the integration of Lu Woo Feng and ctb batteries, technology leads are constantly being rolled out to achieve a cross-cutting development exhibition with a 5.8 per cent increase in the sales volume ring ratio, with a total of 113,915 vehicles sold in November, an increase of 146.9 per cent.
The impact will be further enhanced, with the spread of production costs and research and development costs, and a monthly increase in Māori rates and net interest rates. The annual drop in acquisition costs will also offset the negative impact of next year’s withdrawal of new energy vehicle subsidies.
The high-end car brand looks up and will be officially launched in the first quarter of 2023, directly to a million-grade high-end car market. At the same time, the company announced that it would launch a highly professional, personalized brand, full consumer-oriented personalized demand in 2023.
Looking at brand names, professional personality, brand-new matrix, covering from home to luxury, from popular to personalized, full user range, full-scale vehicle demand. 3,451 vehicles delivered in November, 886% ring growth, and frigate 07 will be on the market in December, bringing a marked increase.
In November, the company sold 12318 new energy vehicles abroad, an increase of 29.3% in the ring, and a cumulative total of 44,596 this year. The pace of the company's sea trips has spread across Asia, Europe, and the Americas, in Japan, Thailand, Singapore, Germany, the United Kingdom, France, the Netherlands, Australia, Colombia, Brazil, Costa Rica, Mexico, and the Netherlands.
On November 23, the company adjusted the official price of the dynasty, the sea, and the new energy vehicle-type, which is linked to it.
This will help companies lock up their year-end orders and improve their profitability in 2023. In the area of car operations, the outlook is high, there is much room for growth, and, in the larger context of counter-globalization, the firm’s vertical industrial chain is excellent.
The Biadi Report: Accelerating Performance: A Quicker Net Surplus for Single Cars 2022-10-31 3 and the Biadi Company Review: Over-Expected for Sales in September 2022-10-31 3
The number of new energy vehicles sold throughout the year fell short of expectations, capacity was not released, overseas operations were not as high as expected, chips were short of expectations, raw materials were rising, and the epidemic was under control.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis