The profit elasticity continues to be released, the market share leads the industry of cars and cars, the net profit on return to the mother grew by 272-289% on a year-on-year basis, and the profit elasticity continues to be released.
The Division achieved a net return profit of $9.1-95 billion, an increase of 272-289 per cent over the same period; the withholding of non-net profit of $8.1-8.8 billion accelerated up, the company ' s new energy vehicle sales maintained strong growth in the same ring, and its economies of scale increased on a seasonal basis, effectively alleviating the profit pressures of higher upstream raw materials prices.
In September of that year, the sales volume of Biadi vehicles was 201,259, a 151 per cent increase in the same year and 15 per cent in the ring.According to the data of the Federation, the bulk sales of new energy vehicles in September amounted to 675,000, with a market share of about 30 per cent. In the 1-3 quarter of 2022, the sales volume of companies was 29/36/54 million, a year-on-year increase, respectively.
This is a 33% increase, accounting for 15% of Biadi's total sales, and it is expected that the net profit of Biadi's bicycle in the third quarter will rise to about $10,000.
Plus (local bydatto3) 3 shows of electric cars in Paris. Biadi, Global Strategy partner Shell, at the launch, jointly announced that it would provide a higher quality of the experience of European car owners in Biadi, including the opening of about 300,000 shells in Europe to owners.
Right to use. At present, Biadi ' s new energy vehicle footprint is spread across more than 70 countries and regions around the world, with sales reaching 200,000 in September, and the global layout continues to grow. More than 400 cities, with a cumulative service of more than 2.6 million car owners.
Biyadi (002594.sz) - The first half of the year saw a 206% increase in net profit from the same year, and the new talent Biyadi (002594.sz) sold more than 160,000 in July, marching to Europe to open the sea in Japan recommended: higher profit forecasts, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Biyadi (002594.sz) - Net profit from motherhood increases by three digits, profit elasticity.
By the logic of the feeder line, Biadi's blade battery value is high, safe, and new customers are better off. Considering the scale effect, we continue to raise profit projections, with net profit returns projected to grow by 272-289% over the same period, and profit elasticity is continuously released.
Net female profits of $9.1-95 billion, an increase of 272-289 per cent over the same period; net non-net profits of $8.1-8.8 billion, an increase over the same period
In the third quarter of 2022, despite the multiple disadvantages of the complex economic situation, the spread of the epidemic, the extreme temperatures and the high prices of commodities, the new energy automobile industry continued to accelerate. Byadi’s new energy vehicle sales continued to grow robustly, with the market taking the lead in the running industry, with both the same and the same ring.
This growth has contributed to a significant improvement in profitability, effectively easing the pressure on profit from higher upstream raw material prices. While demand for consumer electronics remains weak in the machine parts and assembly business, the group has improved profitability as a result of improved cost-control capabilities and restructuring of products.
In January-September of the year, the number of Byadi vehicles sold was 1,185,103, an increase of 160 per cent in the same year. Figure 2: Biyadi's new power-borne vehicle-month sales and the same-year ratio.
In January-September of the year, the cumulative sales in Biadi by pure electricity were 582,129, representing an increase of 216 per cent in the same year; in the mixed pattern, the sales amounted to 593,192 vehicles, representing an increase of 308 per cent in the same year; in the company ' s priority model, the sales to the Han family grew from 12,000 at the beginning of the year to 31,000; seal sales increased.
Two months, 1726 in August, and 7,473 in September, were sold. Biadi’s market share in the new energy-borne car industry grew from 23% in January 2022 to 30% in September 2022. On October 17, Biadi, with Tang, Han, and Yuanplus (locally called bydatto3), three electric cars.
As the first official global announcement to stop the production of a full fuel truck and focus on new energy vehicles, both parties announced that they would provide a higher-quality charging experience for Biadi ' s European car owners, including the opening of access to about 300,000 shells in Europe.
The world’s 500-strong car company, Biadi, based on the idea of a win-win partnership, has entered into a strategic partnership with a number of high-quality European distributors to provide local consumers with one-stop services such as the market-friendly sale of new energy cars and after-sales. At present, Biadi’s new energy vehicle footprint is found in more than 70 countries and regions around the world, with more than 400 cities, and is tired.
For over 2.6 million car owners, and nine years in a row, China’s new energy sales champions. Figure 7: Biadehan, Don, Yuan Xingming Paris Car show, Figure 8: Biadey and Shell work together.
Given the strong growth rate of corporate sales, the continued dominance of market shares, the competitiveness of new products, the explosion of end sales, the scale effect has led to a marked improvement in profitability. We have raised the company’s profit forecast.
2852/553.23.3 billion yuan. To benefit from the scale effects of the increase in sales, as well as from the streamlined product lines, the secondary charger battery operations, the storage of energy batteries, the extra power cell for customer expansion, and my mobile phone components and assembly operations, which are expected to be related to the company due to the downside of the consumer electronics market.
In terms of cost rates, in 2021 the company’s management/sales/research and development (R & D)/financial cost ratio Investment proposal: a high-quality leader in a high-quality industry, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. By the logic of the main line, Biadi has a strong power on the upstream industry chain depth layout, three power technologies (cells, electric power, power control): downstream terminal markets
The field's capacity has improved significantly, with pure power plugs mixed with two-wheel drive, followed by a new boom. The track has grown well + the industrial chain is strong + the market share, and the high-quality giants in high-quality industries are becoming clear. From the feeder logic, than the Yadi blade battery has significantly increased the energy density of the lithium phosphate battery in a way that is structured and innovative.
The puncture test proved the safety of the battery bag and the technical strength of the kit. It was accompanied by a red flag e-qm5, Saiksf5, Chang Ancs55, East Free, Ford Mustangmach-e, and Lincoln Adventurer phev. The company's executives have indicated in media interviews that they want to supply Tesla with the outside of the future blade battery.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied, is or will be able to do so in the past.