q3 performance exceeded expectations and the scale effect gradually became apparent \triangleright by 84.37 per cent over the same period; return to the mother earned $9,311 million over the same period, by 281.13 per cent over the same period;
The return to the mother's profit was $8.365 billion, an increase of 843.66 per cent over the previous year. Company q3 was over-expected. Company income was $11.781 billion in the third quarter, an increase of \triangleright.
The company's sales of new energy vehicles have been re-innovated, and the profits of bicycles have improved. In September, Biadi's sales of \triangleright were 201,000 vehicles, an increase of 187.01 per cent compared to the previous three quarters of Biadi's cumulative sales.
After reaching 1,175,000 vehicles, a 255.3% increase in the same year, promoting a substantial improvement in profitability has effectively slowed the pressure on profits from higher upstream raw materials prices. We expect a profit of about 9,400 yuan per car for q3 after deducting the profits from Biadi electronics, and a continuous improvement in the ring value ($7000 for q2).
The increase in the net profits of bicycles is mainly due to scale effects and higher prices of products. Ten billion packages are under way in the south, and battery capacity is steadily moving forward. In the near future, 10 billion \trianglerights have been invested.
A start-up ceremony was held for the project of the South Biadi New Energy Automobile Parts and Components Industrial Park, which includes new energy by car wires, precision centres, and other parts and components production lines to complete the post-natal period, which can be supplemented by 1 million new energy vehicles per year.
The total number of power cells and storage batteries is about 8.610 gwh, with a cumulative total of 57.493gwh in 2022. With the accelerated expansion of the company’s production capacity in the second half of this year, as the base of batteries, such as Biadezinan, Nanning, and Salt City, became operational.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company to collect \triangleright in 2022-2024, respectively, risk factors: new energy vehicle demand is not as high as expected; risk of a change in lithium battery technology; original
Super-expected risk of price fluctuations in materials: environmental protection and safe production risks, etc., Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
4 years of experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the top down. Automobile chains are covered, with emphasis on the Tesla industrial chain, smart cars, autonomous brands, etc.
In 2022, he joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.