High-end breakout and scale effects were shown, with overperformance, and Biadi (002594.sz) Investment Incidents issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2022, which was expected to be attributed to listed companies.
The q3 q3 performance is above expectations, and the high-end surge is driving the asp up. q3 seasons continue to release high-end star products such as Handm-i, Handm-p, the new Hanev, and seals.
The scale effect of Qin Ji-Qin’s upgrading of the company’s production capacity is evident, and the company’s profits are growing at a much faster rate than sales are increasing.
The family line has reached an average value of 250,000 yuan, with seals delivering more than 7,000 vehicles in September, accelerating the climb, over 60,000 on hand orders, over 30,000 on hand orders, and an expected delivery of q4. The company’s share of high-end products is expected to continue to rise and the product structure is superior.
The company’s performance is strongly supported by the continued firmness of the company’s growth in the new energy vehicle market (ii) the orderly expansion of its capacity, and the firm pace of its products to the sea. On October 15, the start-up ceremony of the South Biadi New Energy Automobile Parts and Components Park project was held, and the project invested in it.
Ten billion dollars will be spent on building new energy-borne car-loading beams, precision centres, electron condensed plastics, wheelwires, wheel bearings, seat covers, etc. The company’s products are still in short supply, supporting the company’s efforts to accelerate the process of expansion.
In recent days, overseas markets such as India, Malaysia, Germany have been announced, and on October 18, the company ' s three core pure electricity products, Tang, Han, Yuan plus, were shown at the Paris Car Fair, focusing on raising the visibility and recognition of foreign brands and accelerating the launch of products.
With the five-star security certification level of the European Association for the Assessment of Safety in New Cars (euro-ncap), the Division's outstanding product capabilities are recognized overseas and are expected to support the company's products in the future in overseas markets.
Expanding to provide a new growth engine for companies, enabling companies to continue their high performance. The car industry sells less than expected, with the risk of production bottlenecks associated with chip shortages; and the risk of rising raw materials prices.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.