On 3 October, the company released its September Express, and the company sold 201259 vehicles in September, a year-on-year increase.
151.2 per cent: This year ' s cumulative sales of 1,185,103 vehicles increased by 161.8 per cent, of which 117,5321 new sources of energy were sold by car, a 255.3 per cent increase by the same year. In September, the total number of power cells and storage batteries rose by 8.61gwh, with a 14 per cent increase in the ring ratio, and the total cumulative load of machines this year was 57,493gwh.
Cao Xuant, powered by a combination of arctic and accelerator, is over-marketed. The pure power is sold in September by 94,941 vehicles, which is an increase in the volume of Lu Woo Peaks.
161.5 per cent of the cumulative sales of 58,2129 this year, an increase of 214.5 per cent over the previous month; and 10,6032 in September in dm mixed vehicles, an increase of 214.5 per cent over the same year. The cumulative sales of 59,312 this year, an increase of 307.2 per cent over the same year.
The cost of production and the cost of research and development will increase the Māori rate and the net interest rate on a monthly basis. The annual drop in the cost of purchasing will also offset the negative impact of the fall in subsidies for new energy vehicles in the coming year.
The top-end transformation, which was the first Chinese brand with 30,000 high-end vehicles sold out in the first month, with an average value of over $250,000 and a strong brand: the Tang family sold 15058 vehicles in September, a 39 per cent increase in ring capacity; seal production, a 74773 in September, a 33 per cent increase in ring value, will continue to compete for the market share of Teslamodel3;
During the fourth quarter, a boost of d9, frigate 07, higher sales of high-end vehicles, and a sustained upward trend in support brands while ensuring profitability. Overseas markets are actively expanding. Companies sold 7736 new energy vehicles abroad in September, an increase of 51.9 per cent.
Of these, 541 were exported by the Song family and 6368 by the Yuan family. The company’s first overseas car factory, which landed in Thailand, will be operational in 2024, with an annual capacity of 150,000 vehicles; and on September 28, Biadi, a new energy source will be launched on the European Line, and a three-way vehicle will be launched for the European market, with a three-way vehicle model of the dollar plus, Han and Tang.
In October, in Paris, France, the car was marketed and European multi-country deliveries were opened; on 4 October, Biadi announced the signing of a cooperation agreement with the leading global car leasing company, Sixt, to provide a new energy car rental service for the European market, which will purchase at least 100,000 new energy vehicles from Biadi over the next six years.
As the world’s only industry-wide core technology mastering new energy vehicles, such as batteries, electric machines, power controls, and semiconductors, the company’s blade batteries, dm mixing, e-platforms, and so on, leads the way.
With the high growth in the automobile industry, the firm’s profile is perfect, the matrix is well advanced, production is fast, and the cycle of powerful products is on, and we expect sales to continue to increase in the fourth quarter of the year.
High, high growth space, and in the broader context of counter-globalization, the firm's advantage in vertical industrial chains is evident, maintaining “buying 3, Biadey's rating: high sales innovation in July, Biadey's rating: steady growth in production in June”.
New energy vehicles are sold less than expected, output is released less than expected, overseas operations are less than expected, chips are scarce, raw materials are rising, and the epidemic is under control.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The individual’s investment proposals, either in writing or orally, are not valid for any form of commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.