Ningpo Bank (002142): The interest differentials have stabilized.
With an asset of 2.32 trillion yuan and a non-performing loan rate of 0.77%, the ring is flat, with a provision coverage of 5.2.2%.Countries, while playing a well-known role as a local financial master, are extremely committed to exploring the path of diversified development across regions.
The market positioning of the Three Farmers, the Little Emblem, actively explores differences, and the increase in revenue and net profits in the first three quarters continues the faster pace of growth in the first half of the year. The distinctive development path supports a large number of individual entrepreneurs to start their own businesses.
The faster growth in profitability has been largely due to faster scale expansion, reduced provision and a better easing of development and growth at lower interest rates, with the Financial Times Award “Annual net income differentials.” On a quarterly basis, revenue and net profits have also increased at a steady rate (as we expect), the main one.
The most competitive agricultural comptoirs” and the China Banking Association (Citizens of China) have a “annual innovation development award” for micro-enterprises that is based on forward-looking price-balancing capabilities of companies, a well-established multi-income structure, and sustained prudence.
In the last three quarters, the expansion slowed somewhat, interest differentials recovered noticeably, and non-interest was affected, but it continued to rise. The break was mainly due to (1) lower interest rates, and companies pre-arranged faster public credit investments at lower interest rates.
Half a year (in particular q1) is concentrated on public credit. This year’s q3 loan returns at the end of the quarter are under pressure less than q2 (for public loans for a long period of time) than at the end of the third quarter, with retail loans increasing at a slower rate than in previous years.
The interest rate determined by the total equity/currenta share (in millions) period is either heavily priced or concentrated in q2; the q2 superposition of instruments with low interest rates has a certain impact on the rate of return; the end of the liability benefits mainly from lower deposit rates leading to a lower cost of the liability. We measure the q3 bill.
The firm ' s net interest gap is expected to continue its steady upturn, facilitated by active restructuring at both the negative end of the debt-end deposit rate, which lags behind during periods of high or past pressure on high-end hard-pricing prices.
The previous three quarters saw a 21.8 per cent increase in interest-free income over the same period, with a decline in the growth loop. Of this, net fees of $5.19 billion were lower than net revenues; on other non-interests, net gains and losses on investment returns, changes in fair value were higher than positive, supporting faster growth in non-interest income and reflecting a more stable basis in the company’s diversified income structure.
At the end of the third quarter, the non-performing loan rate was 0.77 per cent and the concern for the loan rate was 0.47 per cent, which was extremely low. According to the dynamic indicators, the write-off rate was 0.78 per cent in the previous three quarters.
22bp, lower level. Current provision coverage, loan allocation, high level, risk security, investment proposal: Based on the macro-environment assumptions of the current steady growth policy and slow recovery from the epidemic, we judge that companies are expected to benefit from improved credit structure and a stronger regional advantage as a result of the recovery in retail credit demand.
Loan demand. Broadening size and net interest differentials are less under pressure and may be better than peers: adding up to the 22 year 1.4-fold target pb, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating. tianxy@dxzq.net.cn
Figure 1: Net profit of Bank Ningpo 3q22 increased by 20.2 per cent over the same period. Figure 2: Net profit of Bank Ningpo 3q22 increased by 23.7 per cent over the same period.
Figure 3: Discreet performance of Bank Ningpo 1h22, 3q22
Figure 5: Ningpo Bank 3q22 net interest difference of 1.99 per cent, Ring + 3bp Figure 7: Ningpo Bank end-September grant coverage of 5.2.2 per cent, Figure 6: Ningpo Bank end-September non-performing loan rate of 0.77 per cent, ring equal
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the bank of Ningbo (002142): a steady recovery in interest differentials, a steady increase in asset quality, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Ningpo Bank (002142): interest differentials have recovered steadily, and the quality of the assets continues to improve without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained in it. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.