Industrial control, new energy automobiles continued to consolidate their dual role in the development of technology, the semi-annual review of 1Segawa technology in 2021, and industrial control promoted “industry plus regional” synergies, with great potential for the creation of energy sbu and process industry sbu
In the first half of the year, there was a rapid growth in the traditional textile, printing and lift industries. In addition, since 2019, the company has been strengthening regional offices and channels to expand sales, and during the first half of this year, there has been a rapid increase in sales of generic products.
The creation of a new sbu and process industry sbu, on the one hand, and the market opportunities created by the double carbon policy, on the other hand, the company is expected to be high in the future in both areas, when the unit compares with the trend of 300 depths, where the industry has increased its investment in the field of expansive industries, and where process-based industrial solutions are expected to grow.
\triangleright’s new energy vehicle business generated $908 million in the first half of the year, a 176 per cent increase over the previous year, mainly in the new energy-car business.
At the client level, the company is now the main supplier of the new power ideas, small peng, and so on, and has continued to do so in the first half of the year, with a number of domestic customers such as Hiroshima, the Great Wall, Chirre, as well as overseas car companies, which are expected to do so gradually in the second half of the year. At the product level, the company's output last year was dominated by electrical controls, this year's electrical products, and three.
Together, a product is growing rapidly, and sales of triads, power products, etc. are expected to grow at a high rate next year. The elevator business is growing robustly, the city’s share continues to rise, and the big support business is growing high \triangleright
In the first half of the year, the company earned 2,415 million yuan in elevator operations, a 30% increase. The company’s traditional product control system showed a better delivery advantage in the face of a shortage of global chips, with a further increase in the share of the city; the cable business expanded well in the multinational industry and obtained several targeted projects.
More than 90 per cent of the increase, the company strengthened the integration of supply-side organizations and platforms, and expanded the electrical company smt production line, the South China factory, and the Ka-sun-related manufacturing workshop, which will further improve the efficiency of the company ' s operations. 365 million won in orbital traffic and increased the profitability of high sales of industrial robots.
In the first half of the year, the company-trading system earned 250 million yuan, an increase of 162% over the same year, and successfully won the Sioux States subway line 2, the purchase, the Guiyang subway line 3 and the Suzhou line 1 subway security project, which added a new winning amount of 365 million yuan, which is expected to continue to grow steadily. In the first half of the year, industrial robots earned 192 million yuan, an increase of 147% over the previous six months.
At the same time as the company consolidates its advantages in the field of scara robots, it adds six-band robots, large load scara robots, and high-speed scara robots. The company’s core robotic components are highly self-sufficient, and industrial robotics operations are expected to be profitable this year as they rise significantly this year.
The third quarter of 2020 reported a review of the technology: industrial controls Māori rates have been reduced by 1.49 per cent due to changes in income structure and upstream price increases, while the cost rates have been significantly reduced during the period
The company ' s Māori rate was 38.32 per cent in the first half of the year, a 1.49 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to changes in product structure, and the new low Māori rate, the new Hitchuan technology fast-track 2020 performance rating: an increase in the share of business income, such as energy cars, a decrease of 1.09 per cent in the Māori rate for transformers and sports control products, respectively
The high performance of the plate, with a 2.88 per cent increase in power and power by car, was mainly due to higher prices for bulk commodities and key materials. The cost of corporate sales and management fell in the first half of the year.
The company's high performance in the first half of the year, and we've raised the company's profit forecast, and the company's net profit index for 2021-2023 is expected to be 59 times higher, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Securities, East Wu, and Chinese securities, joined in August 2020. Dinya, a multi-year research experience in the photovoltaic industry, worked in Solarzoom, New Age securities, and joined in December 2020.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.