In the event of the launch of the semi-annual report of 2021, the company achieved revenue of $8.274 billion in the first half of 2021.
Huang Soo Yoo increased by 72.95 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 1,562 million yuan, compared to the same increase in Liu Hengwen
Two drivers contributed to a significant increase in corporate performance. The company achieved business income of $8.274 billion in 202h1, an increase of 72.95 per cent in the same year, a net return profit of $1,562 million, an increase of 101.81 per cent in the same year, and a significant increase in corporate performance. The firm ' s performance in the first half of 2021 was driven by a new capital, carbon.
Investment in China, new energy sources, etc., and the recovery of demand in downstream industries have led to rapid growth in company-related products;2 due to a global lack of cores, which has led to untimely supply by some competitors, companies have better managed to secure delivery by working together and responding quickly to clients through a front-to-back division of labour.
The price volatility of raw materials has led to a decline in the Māori rate, and management reforms have been effective in controlling the cost rate. The aim is to make operations more efficient through a leading management system in the industry and to provide a solid basis for the company ' s future high-quality sustainable development. The cost rate for the first half of 2021 was 18.6 per cent, down from the same time.
In the first half of 2021, the company achieved $4,394 million in general automaticization, an increase of 88% compared to the industry, which increased at a higher rate than the industry.
The Division has strengthened the competitiveness of its products, pursued the opportunities of emerging industries, and the volume of orders has grown rapidly. The company’s low-pressure transformer market is 12.1%, the domestic market is ranked third, the universal server system is 10%, and the domestic market is ranked fourth.
Source operations generated RMB 908 million, an increase of 176 per cent. The market for new power-borne electric-controlled products accounted for 8.7 per cent, the country ranked third in the domestic market, the market for new power-driven vehicles accounted for 2.1 per cent, and the Chinese market ranked tenth.
The system’s operations, which generated 2,415 million yuan, 192 million yuan, and 250 million yuan, each of which was better than the previous year’s growth. Business markets have become increasingly dominant, further consolidating their leadership.
The effect of the internal changes implemented by the company is clear, adding downstream industry to the climate, will help the firm to further increase its performance and maintain its recommended ratings. Asset restructuring has not been as effective as expected.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.