Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 2 companies to set up fully-owned subsidiaries and build industrial power units using either own or self-financed investments
For this purpose, the investment is expected to be 1,196 million yuan; it is proposed to establish a fully-owned subsidiary and to use either self-financed or self-financed funds to purchase a high-voltage transformer for the construction of land in Taiwon City, with an estimated investment value of 500 million yuan.
Alfa, which drives the growth phase of innovation, dilutes short-term performance and order fluctuations, gives management a higher degree of change, compares company prices with a 300-degree trend, from supply chain management and R & D capacity, and from cost retention during the management change period.
The report meets expectations that the new economy + procyclically driven high income growth is driven by: 1 new capital, carbon neutrality, investment in new energy sources, and macroeconomic warming, leading to an increase in demand for industrial controls and electric vehicles; 2 a global lack of core leads to partial competition
Untimely supply, the company, through its front- and back-office collaboration and rapid response to clients, completed the guarantee payment, making the goods competitive. According to Wise Industry Statistics, industry self-motivated industries grew by 26 per cent in the first half of 2021, and companies increased their automated operations by 88 per cent in the same period.
After the industry benchmark, the share of the transformer and the server is the second highest in the country. The company's electric vehicle business, driven by the new power builder, grew by 176 per cent the same year. According to the ne-era statistics, the power-controlled market accounted for 8.7 per cent, the domestic market ranked third, the power-driven total market accounted for 2.1 per cent and the domestic market ranked tenth.
In the first half of 2021, under the influence of commodity price hikes, Bethet, a server-driven, sensor-driven Maori, and the change system, companies rigorously plan for the growth of their workforce and optimize their operational efficiency.
q2 One-season sales/research and development/management cost rates have been reduced by 4.86 pct on a year-on-year basis, and output per capita continues to be derived from the cross-cutting development of industrial control operations, the management of change exploration The growing configuration of industrial control platforms, storage energy, industrial software, etc., is in the incubator phase.
In terms of the development of new products, new 3. Industrial-controlled giants, new starting points to fly again.
Add a load of six joints, large loads of scara and high speed scara, and launch a completely new programming platform, innorobotlab.
A platform to improve the development of the control layer. At the same time, the company has been actively developing new areas, creating a Ministry of Storage and Energy during the reporting period, with the development of additional code-based industrial software, which is expected to become a new growth point.1 Management changes are not on track;2 macroeconomic fluctuations;3 rising prices of raw materials;4 and 4.
The expansion of the new energy vehicle business has been hampered by careful follow-up of the mechanical white flag, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general-purpose equipment, transhipment, etc.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.