Biannual performance forecast for 2021: Automation of industrial controls and high demand for new energy vehicles on 21st of 2021
The research assistant, Chai Ka Fai, who created the industry’s demand for industrial control and import substitution, continued to accelerate, and the Sinkuan “up top sink” continued to catch opportunities, raising its share and running its alpha power. This year, the demand for industrial control is still a big year, and the q2 ring-to-q1 temperature is raised again.
The firm's downstream demand has risen significantly, with 21q2 industrial controls measured, the downstream structure optimized significantly, the demand for more than half of the advanced manufacturing + new energy sector in 21 years has strongly supported future demand growth, while traditional industry cycles have had limited impact on companies.
▪ New Power clients have more than doubled in 21 years of power-driven electric vehicle operations, the profit margin has decreased significantly this year, and they are expected to make a profit next year. New Power customers' ideal sales of 21h1 are 3001/3008,000 each, compared to +217/+459%, and the company's electric car q2 revenue has more than doubled.
Client layouts include new forces (ideals, pelicans, wimps, etc.), internal capital lines (broads, Great Walls, etc.), overseas head-car companies, etc. The share of future global sales, and asp, all have room for continuous upswings.
The same increase of 53%, the smooth integration of q2 Hong Kong+bst boosts the share of sales in overseas customers, etc.  we expect the q2 Māori rate to be stable and the profit rate to increase faster than the income.
Component (bst) products are affected by rising raw materials prices, and the Maori rate has declined slightly, while the remaining products are driven by an over-expected q1 rate of 2021-04 - Māori rates have remained largely stable; while cost increases are slower than income increases and more profitable than those associated with scale effects.
q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 q2 q2 = 57, 42 and 32 times the current price.
With high demand for advanced manufacturing + export exceeding expectations, the demand for industrial controls this year remains high, with a re-surge of the q2 ring vs. q1, while import substitution continues to accelerate and the “upper-deep-down” of the Sinkuan continues to rise, particularly in the advanced manufacturing sector, reflecting a strong operating alpha; we measure an increase of 60% + H1 plus more than 80% in the 21q2 industrial control business.
The demand for industrial control is expected to remain high. The industrial control sector has been on the recovery track since last year’s epidemic; for 21 years, capital growth in advanced manufacturing industries such as lithium electricity, photovoltaic, electron 3c, semiconductor, logistics, machine-beds, etc., has been growing at a high rate; and, for export, demand in textiles, printing packaging, etc. has also grown rapidly.
The q1oem market has grown at a similar rate of 53.4%, q2 has also grown at a similar rate of around 20%, and demand in the industry has continued to improve, and this year we expect demand in the industry to grow at a rate of more than 10%. By product, the same service increases are most rapidly associated with advanced manufacturing and machine replacements, followed by plc, and frequency.
The “up and down” power of the Hong Kong River has increased its share of sales, particularly in the advanced manufacturing sector, where import replacements have accelerated further, and we expect the q2 industry as a whole to increase by 60% + the same year, with a doubling of the number of serviles, above. Companies are actively engaged in marketing, import substitution, and bastion customers, and this year the demand of the industry is strong.
In this context, the company’s share of sales has increased rapidly, particularly in the advanced manufacturing sector, and its advantages have spread rapidly from the industry’s leading customers to the industry as a whole, while traditional industries, such as textiles, have also grown faster. At the product level, advanced manufacturing has led to a more than doubling of the number of waiters and industrial robots, while companies have grown more sharply this year.
After 20-21 years of substantial downstream structural optimization, the HCK operations are less influenced by the traditional manufacturing cycle and more demonstrated by faster growth. The company ' s industrial business structure was significantly optimized in 20-21, and this year the more advanced manufacturing industries (lithium power, light voltage, wind power, mobile phones, touch screens, logistics, etc.) together accounted for more than half of the demand in these industries.
A significant increase in the share of good and sales is a central driver of the high performance at this stage, while the industrial-controlled track is wide enough (about $80-90 billion in 20 years in discrete manufacturing market space and $5 billion in 20 years in revenue from Sinkkawa), with a high increase of billions +, the share of future sales and the value of bicycles (asp) is on the rise, and the profit end is significantly reduced this year and is expected to open next year.
In the 20-year break-through, 21-year-old orders are full, sales are multiplied, and deployments are faster than market expectations. In the 20-year build-up of 20-year-olds such as HSBC ideal, Siu Peng and others, HSBC has reached 125,000 units and sales 10% (about 3% in 19); and in the 21-year period, the ideal one, small p7 and other vehicles have been rapidly crawling.
H1 sales amounted to 30.1 million vehicles, 30.8 million vehicles, +217 per cent, +459 per cent, and we're expected to more than double in January-May. Clients are breaking through, and the client ladder is now clear, the share of future sales and the aps we're expected to be up.
This year, we expect to see a significant reduction in our performance and long-term space. With regard to the new forces, Hong Kong is now the sole source of the ideal, the peng, the Wilma, and the following products are expected to be gradually expanded to three-and-a-half-one solutions; domestic firms are now breaking new ground in projects such as Hiroshima, the Great Wall, Chirry, One-Step, etc.
At a point, we expect to start making incremental increases from next year; overseas we are now getting project fixes for several front-line companies, with rapid growth in sales, a build-up of the share of trans-chance sales, and an increase in the asp, and we expect to earn 2.5 billion dollars this year. Elevator business 21h1 increases faster than it does, and sales share is still rising.
The same business increase of 53%, and despite the increase in base figure, O2 integration brought about an increase in the share of the elevator industry, which continued to increase the share of sales in multinational enterprises, overseas enterprises, and small and medium-sized enterprises. 21q2 We expect that the q2 Māori ratio will be stable and the cost increase will be lower than the income increase, resulting in a profit increase faster than the profit increase.
Enter. Since this year, there has been only a slight decline in the q2 Māori ratio, which is expected to be reduced only slightly by the cost increase of bulk commodities, chips, etc., with the Q2 Māori ratio, which has seen a small decline in the (bst) Māori ratio of elevator parts and components due to relatively high power consumption and a small decline in the ratio of Māori to other products. The Māori ratio has remained largely stable, as company revenues have increased faster than in the previous year.
The cost side, while also increasing its input, is lower than income on a year-to-year basis, and the scale effect is evident, with net interest rates rising by about 2 pct/1pct to 21% respectively. Moreover, 21h1 non-recurrent gains and losses + 39 million dollars due to the negative contribution of foreign exchange.