Three quarters of the net profit lost by the mother, and the cost advantage that has been evident since four quarters has been non-ferrous, small metal, and since the fourth quarter of 2024, the company’s cost advantage has increased. In terms of the structure of the industrial chain, the North’s rare earth has not moved in.
In the past, the company’s purchase price of rare earth concentrates had a marked advantage over market prices, but the company changed from 2022q4 to a quarterly contract for the supply of rare earth concentrates, based on price changes in rare earth markets.
After consultation, the price of rare earth concentrate and the total amount of the transaction were agreed upon. The price of the rare earth concentrate trade was $20,241, free of taxes, $20,737 per ton, while market prices fell sharply during the period and the company ' s raw materials were subject to greater cost pressure due to the existence of a price-fixing cycle. 2403 firms purchased 17.21 per cent lower than the average market price, 2404 more than the market price.
The cost advantage is further illustrated by the non-tax figure of $17782 per ton, which is 18.65 per cent lower than the current average market price. Real demand performance is relatively flat, market perceptions are deepening, commodity prices are depressed; at the beginning of March this year, the price of oxidium was reduced to $3504,000 per ton. There has been a negative increase in overseas supply since July.
The price of rare earths has risen steadily, owing to long, domestic second set of indicators and the same rate of increase. The price of the ring rises in the North ' s rare earth group products in March, and the price of oxidation in September-November, respectively, " Northern rare earth (600111.sh) - low ground price, short-term pressure on profits " .
In the medium-to-long term, the rare earth industry, the Northern rare earth (600111.sh) - 3-quarterly report 2023 - cost pressure reduction, high concentration of supply, iron-platinum long-magnetized materials are the best magnetic materials currently integrated, new energy sources.
The rapid development of vehicles, wind power and energy-saving power plants is expected to lead to a sustained rise in demand for rare earths.
The company is a pioneer in the rare earth industry, where quotas continue to grow, and where raw materials are gained advantage. With recent commodity price booms, we go up.
Taking into account the advantages of the company in the industry, a “better than the big market” rating is maintained. The Division's three-quarter profit boom is due mainly to a three-quarter rise in rare earth prices, with an average price of 24q3 oxidium oxidation of RMB 3883,000/t, an increase of 1.89 per cent over the 24q2 ring.
Figure 5: Change in Northern Rare Earth Mäori Rate, Net Interest Rate (%): Mäori Rate for Northern Rare Land Single Quarterly, Net Interest Rate (%): Northern Rare Earth Assets Debt Ratio (%)
In 2024, there was a marked slowdown in the rate of extraction of the mining target. The packed steel group owned the largest and special type of super-sized rare, iron, sorghum and other complex polymetallic symbiotic deposits in China, which had been discovered with 35 million tons of oxidizing stocks, which exceeded 80% of the country’s reserves, and the supply of resources was stable as demand for the rare earth increased.
The country’s total rare earth control indicators have also been growing steadily, with companies acting as industry leaders, relying on the high quality resources of the Bai Yunbo mine, with an orderly increase in the quota. In 2024, companies obtained a total mining control target of 1,887 million tons, compared to +5.6 per cent; since the fourth quarter of 2024, companies’ cost advantages have increased.
In the past, the company’s purchase price of rare earth concentrates had a clear advantage over market prices, but from 20204, the company changed to a quarterly " rare earth concentrate supply contract " with the steel-packed shares, which was negotiated on the basis of price changes in rare earth market products according to the formula.
The price of refined ore and the total amount of the transaction. 20241 rare earth ore trade price is $20,737 per ton without taxes, while market prices fell sharply during this period, placing greater pressure on the cost of company raw materials due to the existence of a price-fixing cycle. 2403, public procurement prices are 17.21 per cent lower than average market prices; 2404, company purchase prices are adjusted to $17,782 per ton without taxes.
Real performance has been relatively flat, market perceptions have deepened and commodity prices have declined; at the beginning of March this year, oxidized prices dropped to a low of $3504,000 per ton. Rare earth prices have risen steadily, owing to negative growth in overseas supply and the continuing low relative rate of growth in the second series of domestic indicators in July.
In the medium-to-long term, the rare earth industry has a high concentration of supply, and the materials are currently the best integrated magnetic materials, new energy vehicles, wind power and energy-saving power plants.
As an important strategic metal, the rare earth, with reasonable prices in the medium to long term, will adequately reflect the scarcity of resources and reasonable compensation for ecological losses. The investment proposal is to raise profit forecasts and maintain a “better rating than the big market.”
As a result of the recent recovery in commodity prices, we have been able to move up to “better than the big market” ratings. Authors have ensured that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author