The market strategy is continuing - the report on the assessment of the events of the Company for the Future (603369.sh) was published on 16 August 2024, and the annual report for the year 2024 was published.
Conns@cfsc.com.cn: performance continues to increase, market strategic layouts are steadily moving forward
0.2 per cent to 73.02 per cent, mainly due to higher-end alcohol sales and a corresponding decrease in sales costs of 1 pct to 12.23 per cent, mainly due to better budget allocation by companies for channel costs, and an increase in management costs of 0.1 pct to 3.94 per cent, net interest rate
• Good planning of class charges and restraint in end-market promotion 2024h1 company ta+/ta /a /b /c, d alcohol harvests, respectively bridging periods for upgrades, overall product structure upgrades are still steadily moving forward, companies
For mainstream products, a targeted policy was introduced for tactical product k3/k5, while forculating guide v3/v6 and increasing brand ownership. 2024h1 direct sales (including group purchase)/batch agency receipts, respectively
1 The Constellation of the World (603369): Ten years of natural coverage of the market, with reference to the continued product mix of the banquet market, 2, The Consort of the World (603369): one quarter delay
Upgraded product structure, restraint in end-marketing policy, maintenance of reception scenes, net decrease of 11, followed by continued stock management and steady price increases. 3, Consort (603369): price increases
Intra-provincial prices have been fine-tuned, and the distribution of market differences within and outside of the province: 6,658.599 million yuan for intra-provincial/out-of-provincial revenues, respectively, with the same price belts and a higher structure for the sub-region.
Promote the 10+n plan to increase the brand budget for Zhejiang/Sandong/Anhui/Henan/Gangxi markets, and to proactively deploy priority provincial teams to promote out-of-provincial upscaling.
We see that companies continue to attack products and channels after billions of dollars. By half-macro-downside risk, growth is not as high as expected, growth in the v series is not as high as expected, and expansion is out of the country as expected.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The short- and medium-term potential is captured in the short-term; the hard work of thinking about the white wine plate, the deep-seated thinking and insight into the Sou wine is a sub-high-end white wine and soft-drink plate.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.