On September 19, 2024, Consejo organized the opening ceremony for a 20,000-ton brewing project.
With 20,000 tons of productive capacity, the company's total capacity of 60,000 tons provides an important safeguard for national expansion. Moreover, by introducing smart-breeding technologies, the company achieves its goals.
More efficient/standardized production processes. During the fifteen-five-year period, the company is expected to produce more than 100,000 tons of original alcohol, 600,000 tons of pottery storage, and to strengthen the “two billion” target.
At present, the company optimizes its business from a variety of perspectives, including organization, channels, products, and optimizes its talent development strategy, upgrades its business relationships, and improves its team motivation.
Priced at $1599, opening up a high-end development space. According to Sullivan, the country is now the first to sell the medium-high-end white wine at $500, and the company continues to consolidate its advantage. At the end of the market, the company insists on cutting deep and off the market.
Open up, speed up the penetration of emerging markets, and it is expected that next year we will create five new provincial and foreign model cities, and we'll see that the company will continue to hit products and channels after 10 billion dollars.
The macroeconomic downside risks, growth is not as high as expected, and growth in the v series is not as high as expected, and the next billion are on track.
Sun Shan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential stock; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has been deeply marketed and seen as sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.