Today's world (603369.sh) Ten years on the market, long-term development planning is clear, company research is fast-tracked.
Food drinks, white wine ii, investment rating: better than big market (maintenance) Zhang Xiaowei
The year 2024 marked the tenth anniversary of the world’s introduction to the market, the twentieth anniversary of the creation of the national brand, and the eighth anniversary of the construction of the factory.
Size, showing a stronger capacity for countercyclical growth in the current round of industry. Intra-market shares have risen faster; 2) Corporate stock prices have won in the first half of the year, depending on the company’s growth tools, the product structure is deep, the provincial market is good, and the basic market provides the capacity to build blood; 3) Looking ahead, corporate development in the late billion years of revenue is clear and sophisticated.
Looking back on the past: to achieve the $10 billion income target, the base plate is constantly being consolidated by $3.14 billion (17.1% for cagr). In branding, the three major brands of the country, the world, the high ravine are well positioned, the product structure continues to be upgraded, and the company ' s income from the speciala/a+ product rose to 93.4% in 2023, with a share of the 400-bit price bill in the province of the 4th Station.
As a matter of strategy, the intra-provincial markets of companies, through fine management and diversified consumption scenes, have moved from allocating channels, increasing the laying of channels of communication, consolidating the advantages of the Xiao An and Nanjing markets, accelerating the break-up of such markets as Su-China and South Sudan, and raising their share faster within the province. To judge this year, brands are strong and the tools for growth are adequate.
The following price-added products (the & & yas) have grown well, with a steady rise in the price plate after five generations of upgrades in the first half of the year, the provincial business arena is still rising, and 100-300 dollars to meet the needs of the general public for higher consumption. 2) Market layout is clear, and companies optimized their distribution agents last year, while increasing the operational capacity of marketing organizations to specialize, and individual distributors' income volume and efficiency gained.
Upgrade to help companies penetrate core consumption scenarios and intra-provincial growth; out-of-provincial companies implement a focused strategy, with the long-triangular core market buildingv series of branding heights, and the “10+n” strategy is expected to contribute to a supplemental increase. Looking ahead: development thinking is clear in the post-income billion era, insisting on product high-end and off-provincial market layout.
In terms of intra-provincial competition, the Jiangsu market economy has a high level of development, and the Soo is expected to compete: short-term high-end prices are being cultivated or under some pressure, but the Jiangsu Bai market, under the famous wines of five grains and fluids, is gradually maturing to open up a long-term high 600-dollar secondary high-end development space;
The marketing of circles, v9 brand leads, v6 promotions, and v3 sales are expected to become the company’s second-curve. From the outside layout, the company clearly states that “three years are not profitable, three years are three billion” and that it can still be used as a base plate and regulation item in the province, with resources slanted into key markets outside the province, and the perimeterization and scalding of the outside is expected to accelerate the breakthrough.
Investment proposals: maintenance of a “better than the big market” rating; sound short-term company operations, orderly pace of repayment, healthy performance of large monolithic channels; ample tools for corporate growth during the year, rising national brand shares inversely, and still room for penetration within the province; and clear thinking on the development of long-term companies at the end of the billion-dollar period, with incremental contributions from high-end, out-provincial expansion.
The recovery in demand in the white wine industry has fallen short of expectations; increased competition within the province; and policy risks, among others. “The product structure of the present world (603369.sh)—three quarters has been upgraded, with an early target of 10 billion dollars in earnings” — 2023-10-31, the author has assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author