Ten years on the market, the 20th anniversary of the creation of the national brand, $105052111,0005.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn 2024 was the tenth anniversary of the company's stockboard listing, 20 weeks after the creation of the national brand, and the beginning of the company's 10 billionth century, key to achieving the 1450th goal.
The net profit of the mother has been growing in double digits. Since the market, the company has been gaining a red mark from the last billion, challenging 15 billion in 2025, and the company's current multi-brand, single-focus, nationalization development strategy is being pursued.
Intra-provincial cultivation has risen, the provincial invasion has taken place, and the six major management systems have been upgraded through continuous systematic optimization.
Quality and sustainable corporate development is fast approaching the "20 Billion Age" process.
Camp, building four sharp blades (v3, iv, symmetry, dynasty) with a clear image given by the Gorge; 2) 3 out-of-provincial focus on breaking the market for long-triang Sou, long-triangular integration, with a focus on the brand of the nation (nationalization war)
1 The Constellation of the World (603369): a quarter later, with a slightly more explicit emphasis on the main source of the nation's opening system, strategic upgrades are introduced into the six sides, one of the body's main thrusts is to push the size of the diagonal, and one of its main thrusts is to drive the divers.
II. The Worms of the World (603369): Increased Prices, built for three years without profit, three years planning 3 billion out-of-provincial market inputs, Focused Confidence, Year-long Targets 2024-02-28
10+n Focused Local Blocks; Focus on Customer Creation, recommended terminal asterisk partners to build 3, The Constellation of the World (603369): selected in 2025 to build a community of fate of the manufacturer.
With 15 billion, 15 billion, 15 billion, we see that the company continues to strike at products and channels after 10 billion. The macroeconomic downside risks are expected, growth is not as high as expected, and growth in the v series is not as high as expected.
The Food and Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in Hin securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential, and has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, deep-market thinking about Soup and deep insight into the sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.