We're moving forward, and we're continuing to release the world's fate.
The price-fixing atmosphere in the Sino-Su market has continued to rise at a relatively rapid pace and is inextricably linked to the expansion of the network of channels over the past few years; the off-provincial market is also accelerating at a low base, with a strong matrix for the public branding climate. 24q2, the company earns 2,608 million dollars in white wine.
The \triangleright brand of state has made a breakthrough in the price belts, with faster growth in open, single, lightly, v3. Consorts of the world (603369.sh): more built
Meta growth, brand input plus cost efficiency improvements, fair value changes affect net interest rates. 24q2, corporate taxes and surcharges equal to +0.24 pct (first half of year equal to +0.46 pct); sales cost equal to −0.91 pct (above)
(603369.sh): "A smooth opening" (603369.sh): "Refunds."
For the same period of the year, it was $0.04 million, resulting in a ratio of net interest rates of -141 pct to 35.27 per cent (first half profit forecast and investment rating: successful completion of the target by the company in the first half of the year, share of the market in the province
Risk factors: impact of weak recovery in consumption; increased competition in industry; food safety risks
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic University, two years in law, economics, and two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the White Wine industry, followed by first-line sales in Suzhou, Dukang, and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the White Wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high liquor companies.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then worked and operated for two years in Saputu, the big dairy company.
Chan Lili, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University. Covers leisure food and chain styles (in-depth study of taste-free foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant work, trade-off foods, salt Xinlays, kwan-su-su food, Jing-chan food, etc.) and conducts in-depth research on petty food trafficking.
In 2023, she joined the Sinda Food and Beverage Group, which covers the white board.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer (in-depth study of Chinese wine, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer) and beverages (in-depth study of farmers’ springs) industries. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.