20,000 tons of manufacturing capacity to upgrade the quality of the brewing, and thousands of dollars to improve the layout of the product.
Food drinks, white wine, investment rating: better than the big market (maintenance)
On 19 September, the world's wine industry opened a 20,000-ton brewing ceremony on the theme of “Treasure of the future” in the South Factory. With the production of 20,000 tons of wine, the company's total capacity will now reach 60,000 tons; during the event, the company successfully convened 2049.
New product validation meetings, positioning of high-end, high-priced, high-end strategic products, and promoting corporate-high-end strategies. The country’s food-and-breeding perspective: 1) The company is constantly pushing for expansion of its capacity and intelligent brewing, with its capacity bursting by 40,000 tons last year. With 20,000 tons of fragrance and the opening of white wine, the total capacity is expected to reach 80,000 tons next year; 2) The quality is the largest in the context of industrial stock competition.
Power, the expansion of corporate capacity solves the balance between the “long-term structural upgrading strategy” and the “short-term cash-in-the-shelf” strategy; (3) the company introduces a new product, “Golden 2049”, positioning a 1,000-bit strategy single item, further promoting the national brand image, opening up space for the development of the v series. Industry readjustments, Chinese branding moves up, corporate organization, channels, product development thinking is clear, and previous profit projections are maintained, with 2024-2025 projected.
In 2016, the company completed the construction of a project to improve the quality of its products, and in 2019-2023 expanded and upgraded its production, with a capacity of 40,000 tons in the past year. With 20,000 tons of production, the company was able to produce more.
By the end of the 15-year period, the company plans to produce more than 100,000 tons of original wine and 600,000 tons of pottery storage. The expansion of capacity can help improve quality, and strengthen the country’s fundamentals.
Over the past few years, consumer claims for “quality ratios” have increased, leading alcohol companies have paid more attention to product quality in the context of industrial stock competition, and the Department's remarkable productivity has been able to raise the basis for its share of the high-end market competition: 1) The high-end white wine and the years of base alcohol production and pot storage have been positively correlated, while the expansion of the capacity of raw wine and pottery has laid the foundation for high-end base alcohol stocks; 2) the company's public price-priced products are still in the stages of rising power and volume, producing capacity
The expansion further consolidated the company’s fundamentals and addressed the balance between the “long-term structural upgrading strategy” and the “short-term waist-loading strategy.” The launch of the 1,000-dollar strategic new product and the refinement of the full price belt product layout.
Retail prices of $1.599 further open up the room for high-end corporate development. This round of industry adjustment has seen a reversal of China’s brand influence, with a four-way increase in its share of the business landscape in the province; a single-digit, low-level rise in public prices and a rapid rise in the share of North and Central Su cities; v3 a breakthrough in the south-western region, with this year’s tactical push v6 price gap.
To help boost the country’s high-end brand image, while opening up space for the development of the v series, long-term upscaling of the province’s price belt, national-led growth output, and further strengthening of the provincial base. Throughout the year, companies are operating at a robust pace, with a stronger certainty that the $12.2 billion income target will be met throughout the year. Over the long term, the “10+n” priority markets, such as the provincial foreign minister’s triangle, are expected to contribute to income growth.
The recovery in demand in the white wine industry has not been as expected; increased competition within the province; policy risks, etc. Authors have ensured that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective and impartial, and conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future