Tiger Medicine (300347.sz)
The company announcement in 2018h1 reported operating income of 1,032 million yuan over the period, an increase of 38.99 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of 218 million yuan, an increase of 82.78 per cent over the same period; net non-revenue of 188 million yuan, an increase of 80.90 per cent over the same period; of this, $560 million per quarter of 2018q2, an increase of 44.28 per cent over the same period.
The Medical Industry Research Group excluded the parent ' s net profit of 120 million yuan, an increase of 94.87 per cent over the previous year.
In recent years, the State has encouraged innovation in pharmaceuticals and promoted a consistent evaluation of generic medicines, driven by a policy of fully benefiting the company-owned off-the-shelf (cro) division of pharmaceutical research and development services, with a sustained trend towards high growth. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a business income of $1.03 billion (+38.99%), excluding net return to the mother.
Roughly $189 million (+80.90 per cent), the recovery and deduction of non-net profits have continued at a high rate since last year. 18q2 battalions, on a quarterly basis, received and deducted net non-repatriation profits of $560 million and $120 million, respectively.
The growth in revenue was strong, with 18h1th Battalion generating $50 million (+50.94%), clinical research related advisory services, bed data self-checked, the impact of pre-accumulated low-price orders was largely eliminated, and likely performance rates in the coming years will be driven by policy gains and will continue to grow high.
The company is currently concentrating its operations on the clinical trial phase, with the technical services of clinical trials in i-iv, data management and statistical analysis, registration, medical translation, clinical trial site services, smo
Services such as services, biological analysis, central laboratories, central imagery, medical supervision, drug safety alerts and third party auditing provide reliable specialized clinical research services and are the largest Cro integrated service provider in the country for the laboratory trials of beds (Pharma Condé is concentrated in preclinical cro operations).
Teg Medicine (300347)_[Integration of the business chain of the cro business of clinical trials, including 1], establishment of the Department of Medicine and establishment of an early study,] Teg Medicine: a significant advance in reporting and an increase in performance. ]
Department, focusing on i-lla issue of clinical research project management: 2), project modular management, starting and closing of project, central management team (smt), monitoring team (mmt) in charge of the project monitor, Tiger Medicine (300347).
(iii) Itotéon Teri, to build an integrated one-stop evaluation of the Tiger Medicine (300347): performance on a quarterly basis; capacity to service medical equipment projects, prior period equipment testing, system building, equipment registration, to clinical level
Research and assessment, data management and statistics, etc., a full range of service systems; 4), Ministry of Overseas Industries, further developed Tegs (300347), exhibition of which was acquired to create clinical research teams in Europe, North America, and South Korea to meet multi-centre clinical trial needs
(b) Further integration of data management and statistical teams and harmonization of the management of the distribution of nearly 600 people on a scale;
Gains 2018-02-27 utilization rate, with a gain/loss achieved by dreamcis in the reporting period largely equal.
Over the next three years, the rate of increase of around 38% of the annual compound is likely to be maintained, goodwill impairment risk, consistency evaluation policy easing, business integration risk.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party to draw conclusions.