82.78 per cent over the same period in the previous year, the net benefit of the non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the shareholders of the listed company.
The net profit of the shareholders of the parent company is $12,01711, an increase of 73.74% over the first quarter of this year. The main business activity has continued to increase significantly.
In the first half of the year, the company's overseas business department expanded further, and in Europe, the company completed its acquisition of Romania's coro company and built up its bedtime capacity; in North America, the company established a ii-iv clinical research team to meet domestic clients.
Meanwhile, in the first half of the year, the company continued to adjust its business structure and to focus on a sustained increase of 5.52 percentage points in the same year in the Māori rate of the company's clinical laboratory services. In the first half of the year, the Māori rate of the company's clinical trial technical services continued to rise, reaching 44.08%, returning to almost “722”
The level of Māori performance in pre-incident company clinical trial technical services is largely influenced by the increase in Bé business, the rapid rise in the rate of Māori on major clinical orders and the closing of old orders.
China International Center, 15th floor, Hengsheng, 1000th Street Road, Land House Gate, China Free Trade Experiment
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.