Tagger Medicine (300347) Pharmaceutical biology performed as expected, with options as an incentive to guarantee rapid growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company achieved business income of $1.03 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 39.0 per cent in the same year; real net profit of $220 million for the mother, an increase of 82.8 per cent in the same year; net profit of $190 million for the deduction of non-retroactivity from the mother, with the same performance as expected, and high growth in clinical operations.
The rate of increase was 39.0 per cent and 82.8 per cent, respectively, and the performance was as expected. Sub-operation line: 1) Clinical trial techniques are more efficient, with the impact of previous annual orders gradually being eliminated, and the Māori rate is returning; 2) Gains of $3.14 million, an increase of 67.8 per cent over the same period, are mainly due to the transfer of equity in new medicines, taking into account the fact that
A second-tier market for innovation, where companies had previously invested in a large number of innovative drug varieties and businesses, could now share the premium on the valuation of innovation medicines. The introduction of the stock options incentive scheme helped companies to build up their reserves and reduce the talent bottlenecks of growing orders.
Corporate performance will continue to grow rapidly in the context of the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency and the encouragement of innovation. Starting at the end of 2015, cfda launched a new deal series of medicines: clinical trial data verification, evaluation of generic drug consistency, conversion.
The reform of the classification of pharmaceutical registers, the licensing system for drug listing, priority review and approval, accession to ich, approval of data from overseas clinical trials, etc., has greatly optimized and purified the industry development environment, particularly since the launch of the Innovation Opinions on 1 October 2017, the company has explicitly benefited from the development of the New Deal.
In the field of innovative medicine, companies are involved in 91 innovative drugs, more than 150 innovative drugs, clinical research, and more than 100 international multi-centre clinical trials, one of the few home-grown cro companies that can afford international multi-centre clinical trials.
We believe that companies will continue to benefit from the national policy dividend, with a strong degree of certainty about their performance. The dollar corresponds to 63, 47 and 38 times the current stock price, respectively.
Tagger Medicine (300347): Be Test+Innovation Medicine Lead Enterprise, which can enjoy a high value premium and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Clinical, company performance continues to grow at a high rate
No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSI”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.