The company released its mid-2018 report on the realization of income of $1,032 million, an increase of 38.99 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of $219 million, an increase of 82.78 per cent over the same period, and a net gain of $189 million, a growth of 80.90 per cent over the same period.
Growth of 44.27 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother of $123 million, an increase of 61.39 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $120 million in the same year and an increase in the same year. The company issued a equity options incentive scheme for 2018 to grant 5 million stock options to 379 persons, representing 1.0 per cent of the total equity, with a first-time high growth of 1 major business, with a slightly higher overall performance than expected.
During the first half of the year, income reached 1,032 million yuan, an increase of 38.99 per cent, a net return to mothers of 219 million yuan, an increase of 82.78 per cent, a net return to mothers of 189 million yuan, an increase of 80.90 per cent, a slightly higher than expected performance and a slightly higher rate of increase than the forecast. We believe that the main driver is the financial boom in the East.
The continuation of high growth in the main business and the rapid increase in investment returns resulted in investment returns of $31 million during the reporting period, an increase of 67.78 per cent over the same period, an increase of 33.16 per cent in the one-quarter rate of income realization, net return profits, net profit deductions and net return profits, respectively, 121.07 per cent, 60.89 per cent, q2-quarters compared to q1, a further significant increase in the end of income and net profit withdrawals of non-repatriated mothers, and a continuation of high growth in the operations of the proof main business.
This is an increase of 5.52 percentage points over the same period in the previous year. We expect that the main drivers will be the continued increase in the outbreak of Be operations as a result of the generic consistency evaluation and the steady and rapid growth of i-iv clinical and registered operations with a rising Māori rate. Be: Be: We believe that the importance and the time nodes of Be experiment in the generic consistency evaluation process will be the year 2018.
During the reporting period, the company stepped up its efforts to assist more than 20 health-care institutions in building their capacity to conduct i-phase clinical research: Conber Hospital under the flag now has the capacity to conduct pre-testing and Be trial capacity has been eased; in addition, the company is involved in organizing a Be coalition to address technology and management in the Be project.
The efficiency of the operation is increasing. i-iv clinical, registration operations: we believe that, with the increase in high-quality orders and the increasing level of project management, the Māori ratio of the company's pilot bed operations has continued to rise, achieving high and steady growth. During the reporting period, old orders affected by 7.22 were further absorbed and added.
There has been a significant increase in the level of Māori orders: at the same time, companies have continued to promote co-construction projects with medical institutions with various needs for clinical research in the country, and have helped to improve the quality management system of clinical research, the ethical management system, the researcher development system, etc., and the efficiency of clinical research and project management has been improving.
The main drivers are projected to be the smo operation, the rapid growth of medical video operations and data management, and the steady growth of statistical analysis operations, the bio and cmc operations.
With the rapid expansion and recruitment of staff, we expect high growth in the Smo operation, while we expect high growth in the medical image business due to the relatively small size of the medical image business and the large space available. Data management and statistical analysis operations, the bio and cmc operations: benefiting from the ability of the subsidiary Mesda to participate in the global pharmaceutical research and development chain.
A subsidiary, Fonda Medicine, has the leading biological sample analysis technology in the country, has a stable customer market in both the United States and Central America, and we expect data management, statistical operations, bio and cmc operations to continue to grow steadily. (3) The return on equity investment has increased rapidly, and in tandem with the development of co-services, the company has participated in the establishment of several M & A funds since its listing.
In addition, the company’s equity investment in some innovative drug projects has been accompanied by the provision of coro services for the outsourcing of new drug research and development, as well as the development of synergies between stock investment and coro services. The company’s cooperation with its clients has been strengthened, and the company’s overall development has been further enhanced.
56.84 per cent compared with 43.16 per cent in-country revenue, the main reason for the increase in operating income in the reporting period was the in-country operation, clinical trials of innovative medicines + 0.31 pp. The increase in the cost of sales was due mainly to the increase in the number of sales team personnel during the reporting period, the corresponding increase in market costs, the relative stability of management and financial cost rates and the overall healthy financial position.
2. Corporate logic recoupling: Innovative service providers reaping policy dividends, whole industry chain layouts + strong internationalists . 1) The domestic wave of innovation has erupted, the cro industry has gained a very high profile as an innovative service provider, leading companies have benefited notably from the new industries that have developed in the country in the last two decades, and the cro industry has become an innovative service provider with the domestic wave of innovation in recent years.
(b) Research and development technology services and R & D advisory services that can provide the entire process of an innovative i-iv clinical trial, which will sustain a high rate of growth over time, provide performance support, enable companies to move forward with the internationalization process;
As the globalization of new drug research and development progresses with China in Ich, international multi-centre clinical trials provide a huge market potential for domestic clinical crón. The company’s clinical laboratory technical services are focused on the clinical trials of domestic drug research and development, and there is still a gap between the ability to take over international multi-centre clinical trials and the global clinical cro giants, but in recent years the company has accelerated its efforts in the United States, South Korea, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, Canada, etc.
The coverage (the company completed the acquisition of the Romanian Clinical Cro during the reporting period) is gradually being laid on a global scale, with the strength to take over large international multi-centre clinical trials (with over 100 international multi-centre clinical trials), and is clearly ahead of most clinical coro firms in the country in terms of the process of internationalization of clinical trial services, and an increase in overseas performance in the future.
3) The advantages of scale add to the scarcity of markets, clinical advice maintains a high rate of growth The company is able to provide nearly complete clinical research, such as data management, statistical analysis, smo, medical testing, registration, etc., through M&As, both within and outside the country The advice services related to clinical research are expected to continue to grow rapidly, depending on the size and market scarcity advantages.
Companies can provide a full one-stop shop for their clients, develop, in collaboration with clinical trial technical services, more cohesive clients, have significant advantages in size, and increase the performance of the Division. Specifically, the segmentation has a strong market scarcity and is expected to continue to contribute steadily to the performance of their subsidiaries with the quality of their services
The company is the absolute leader of the country ' s clinical coco, capable of providing a full-phase (including be) and instrumental clinical laboratory service from i to iv, and is expected to share a huge market in the context of the innovation of medical instruments, the advancement of the evaluation of generic consistency, the gradual development of international multi-centre clinical trials, while the steady development of clinical trial advisory services, some pre-cro services and equity investment services will contribute to the improvement of the whole industry chain and provide stability.
Performance contributions, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. Risks of changes in pharmaceutical innovation policies; risk of less progress in evaluating drug consistency than expected; risk of multinational M&A failures; and so on.
One of the seven core members of the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. M.A. Pharmacology, North, Beijing University.
B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, and Kwan Koko, three years old.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.