Performance slightly exceeded expectations, major camp growth was robust, delivery of Tiger Medicine (300347) □ performance slightly exceeded expectations, major business maintained high growth and profit contribution from investment was stable
Clinical trial advisory services continue to grow at a high rate of 70-80 per cent, with non-recurring gains and losses of $45-50 million achieved in the first half of the year, supported by continued high performance in the future, net of non-recurring gains and losses.
□ Fonda medicine has been submitted to Hong Kong's ipo application documents for the first public distribution of stocks and the listing of shares in Hong Kong's joint holding boards, mainly in bioanalysis, cmc and be.
A listing application was submitted on 29 June 2018. Fonda medicine, with the exception of the 70.3% shareholding in the Tag medicine, is mostly held by the company’s management and core cadres of staff, with significant incentives for management after listing, contributing to the stability of the senior management team.
□ Continue to benefit from the promotion of innovative drug development and generic drug consistency evaluation policy since 2017, from the Central and State offices to the Directorate-General of Pharmacy, encouraging innovation policies, new drug listing, and significant changes in the approval of public reviews and management of clinical trials, with new medicines expected to be produced in the country in the coming years
At the first peak of the clinical and marketing cycle, the company, as the leader of the country’s clinical coro business, is reporting a quarterly review of the high growth in the quarter of the year, with investment in the bed business expected to remain high. At the same time, the consistency evaluation has entered the landing phase, with a projected 2018
The year is expected to reach the peak of the Be Declaration, and the company's business is expected to continue contributing to the growth in performance.The annual report rating: high performance on schedule, sustained gains in encouraging innovation and coherence evaluation to move forward, buy in, buy in.
As the pharmacological reforms encourage innovation policies to move forward, the large-scale clinical operations for innovation will continue to grow steadily; The continued advancement of the consistency evaluation will make Be a bright spot for the company's performance over the next two years; and The announcement point: performance is largely in line with expectations and ownership.
At that time, it is expected that corporate pre-investment fund projects will continue to withdraw steadily in the coming years and will become high corporate growth, with investment returns increasing their elasticity in performance.
At 66/49/38 times the current share price, the company’s “buy-in” rating is maintained. The Maori rate has recovered significantly, and the year-round high growth has been recognized.
In-depth report: Consistency evaluation support companies return to high levels without rating - no clear investment rating is possible because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.