High performance growth, simultaneous roll-out of equity incentives Tag medicine (300347) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
At the same time, the company announced that stock options for 2018 were over-expected, that the main business was growing at a high rate, and that the return on investment profit contribution was stable.
Mother-to-child net profit of 120 million yuan (+94.87 per cent) with no increase in speed than expected. (1) In the first half of the year, clinical laboratory technical operations and clinical trial advisory services continued to grow at a high rate, clinical trial techniques, pp., mainly due to the rise in new purchase orders and the digestion of historical orders; clinical trial counselling services
Revenue from services increased by RMB 498 million, at a rate of 29.34 per cent, Māori at a rate of 47.51 per cent and 0.7 per cent. (2) (4) The overall increase in the cost rate during the period was 1.49 pp, mainly due to an increase of 138 per cent in the cost of sales (increased income and sales staff) and an increase of 38 per cent in the cost of administration (2.38 million R&D spending).
The financial costs increased by 118% (by borrowing). □ Publicizing the equity incentive scheme, highlighting the company ' s confidence in development and the core technical staff of fully-owned subsidiaries, who have completed three years of service.
□ Continue to benefit from the policy of encouraging the development of innovative medicines: a quarter of high growth in major camps, investment since 2017, from the Central Office, the State Office to the Directorate-General of Drug Metrics, encouraging innovation policies and new medicines
Municipal review approvals and management of clinical trials are subject to major changes and are expected to usher in national production of new medicines in the coming years Annual Report: high performance on schedule, sustained benefits Clinical and marketing peaks, corporate leadership of the country's clinical coro business, big clinical
In order to encourage innovation and coherence evaluation to move forward and buy in, business is expected to continue to grow at a high level.
(b) Continued high growth, with investment returns increasing elasticity in performance. The continued advancement of consistency evaluation will make Be a bright spot for the company's performance over the next two years;
At that time, it is expected that corporate pre-investment fund projects will continue to be phased out steadily over the next few years (currently available for sale: three-quarterly reviews: three-quarters performance has increased significantly, the Maori rate has recovered significantly, and high annual growth has been recognized)
Consistency evaluation policy does not advance as expected; goodwill risk of impairment; business integration risk; no rating - not available because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.