Xu Engineering Machinery (000425) Tri-quarter review in 2023 Event: Xu Engineering published three-quarter report in 2023, with the company ' s business income from the first three quarters of 2023 falling slightly and its performance consistently improving.
Multiple factors add to improved profitability. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company ' s Māori ratio and net interest rate score were due to factors such as lower prices of raw materials and optimized business structure. The cost rate for the period was a rise in the stability of traditional operations and rapid growth in the emerging industry. 2023h1, the ratio of Māori for earth machinery was equal to the ratio.
Upgraded by 2.22 pct; 66.6% higher on internationalization of the crane with market ownership leading the trade; 66.45% higher on road machinery with the same increase.
The same-year growth rate was 44.50 per cent, or 23.99 per cent of the total. High-altitude machinery was raised to protect the country's industry, and high-altitude platforms were raised to the top two. Mining machinery, which grew by 40.86 per cent, became a new pillar of industry.
Forklifts continue to build electric products and become a typical model of the company’s green industry. Agricultural machinery starts to function, tractors and harvesters are delivered in bulk.
The ratio of overseas receipts is at an all-time high. The 2023h1 company abroad received $20,897 million, an increase of 33.49 per cent, or 40.75 per cent of the total, which is an all-time high. Several regions abroad received high speeds of over 300 per cent, with more than 100 per cent growth on the ground, hangers with vehicles, port hangers, skiers, hangers, etc.
Mining, rollers, stallers, concrete mixers, more than 50% growth, excavators, cross-country suspensions, investment proposals: corporate product markets remain at a preponderant lead position, and overseas receipts are at an all-time high. If a specific debt is issued at a slower pace than expected, the number of downstream projects will be reduced, affecting the company.
Product sales; (3) corporate performance will be pressured if demand for domestic enterprise products in overseas markets decreases; (4) corporate performance will be put under greater pressure if raw material prices rise significantly. “Investors are fit only to use studies that do not exceed the “middle- and low-risk” level, and “stable” investors are fit only to use risk levels that do not exceed the “medium- and low-risk” level.
Risk research, “positive” investors are suitable only for a study with a risk level not higher than “medium-high” risk, and “radical” investors are suitable for a study with various risk levels in our department. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on portfolio investment, with a diligent and professional attitude, and with an independent and objective knowledge of it.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.