Incident: The company issued an announcement on 8 October that 17.9 million cars were sold in September 2023, with a strong response and a strong order from the New M7 market in Bi-Lakami.
The new m7 is located five/six suvs at a price of $24.89 million, with bright spots such as Big Space, Comfortable, Wirtschaftsprüfer, Super-safe, and has a capacity of huaweiads 2.0 high, with a cumulative target of 30,000 as of 30 September, with a cumulative target of 50,000 as of 7 October, and a national holiday.
Tsao Jie's research assistant for the auto industry is scheduled to add 20,000 to the holidays, of which 3,500/7,000 were added on 5 and 6 October.
The new car is based on a brand-new D-class luxury suv platform, which will be equipped with a fully aluminium alloyed chassis, a smart cabin, a smart driver, and an enabler Celebrity brand, asking how competitive the series of products is.
In partnership, China launched the first car-type smart sf5 in 2021, followed by a question-and-answer-m5 and a seven-car-type. To give the Celes brand at the end of the product and channel, China asked the border-car-type for smart configurations such as the Hong Moi Motor System, the Huaweiads high-level smart driving system, and to use the line to use it.
10,000; 255,000 in 24 years, +200 per cent, of which M5/m7/m9 was sold at 7.5.11.7 million. Profit predictions: The company and the Chinese Carys brand have gained strong market resonance and better products
• Poster, with the roll-out of new m7 and m9 in the question world, it is expected that there will be a significant increase in the volume of new energy vehicles.
The launch of the new model is not as fast as expected.
The four-year research experience in the automobile industry is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is well covered, focusing on opportunities in Tesla’s industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
Cao Zig, Assistant Research Assistant in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, covering, inter alia, Chang An, cable chassis, single-share casting, two wheels, seats, etc. Ding Jian, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering, inter alia, smart cabins, electricization, car preparation, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.