Corporate review report  Communication industry Friday, 25 October 2019 Performance loop improvement and rapid growth of innovative business
On 21 October, China Connect released its performance report for the first three quarters of 2019, which enabled the company to achieve operating income of 21.721 billion yuan in January-September 2019, a decrease of 1.18 per cent in the same year; achieved operating profits of 11.833 billion dollars, an improvement in the performance ring and a significant increase in innovative business: 72.167 billion yuan in total operating income in the third quarter of the company
(for the first time) Won, positive growth compared to the previous two quarters of the growth of 2.21 on a year-on-year basis; net profit return of 1.3 billion yuan a year-on-year increase of 46.61 per cent. In the first three quarters of 2019, revenues from industrial Internet operations amounted to 24,291 million yuan.
RMB, up 40.8% from the same period last year, the income from the main fenced business amounted to RMB 78.863 billion, an increase of 7.7% from the same period last year, largely as a result of the rapid growth of the innovative business. Companies have deepened their focus on innovative cooperation strategies, accelerated the transformation of Internet-based operations, advanced their diversification and continued innovation.
Rapid growth, which supports the overall main business income, has remained largely stable. The dividends of the mix-up have been released, and cost-control efforts have been evident: in August 2017, the company officially announced the mix-up scheme, and 14 strategic investment partners, including Batj, have officially entered the Bureau, opening up China’s connections.
The introduction laid the foundation for China’s connectivity efficiency and innovation development. In the first three quarters of 2019, the company controlled user development costs, resulting in good regulation of sales costs, amounting to RMB 25,705 million, a slight increase of 1.7 per cent compared to the same period last year; and excluded the impact of the implementation of the new lease code on the current period, the first three years of 2019.
Quarterly depreciation and amortization fell by 4.5% over the same period last year. Network operation and support costs fell by 4.5% over the same period last year, largely because of effective control over maintenance and electricity costs.
Telecommunications has signed a cooperation agreement to build a 5g access network nationwide. The 5g network will help reduce the cost of building and operating the 5g network in the future, achieve 5g coverage efficiently, rapidly develop 5g service capacity, and increase the market competitiveness of the 5g network and services. The connection is expected this year.
With 50,000 5-g base stations built, 5-g base stations and network coverage expected to move beyond China. The company’s arpu is 40.6 yuan in three quarters, and it is expected to increase further in the future with the introduction of the 5-g package.
No change will occur. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report are given.
There is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities. My companies and their associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to offer investment banking services or other services.