A rapid breakthrough in innovation and an acceleration of overall income, with a total of 5g competitiveness built up on 21 October 2019
Houb@dwzg.com.cn Event: In the first three quarters of 2019, the company achieved income of $21,712.1 billion, of which RMB 2019q3 achieved revenue of $72,167 million, a 0.5 per cent rise in the ring comparison and a net return to the mother of $4,361 million
▪ The overall income has accelerated upwards and the net profit has fallen thinly: 2019q3 has achieved revenue of 72,167 million yuan, an increase of 0.50 per cent in the ring. In the face of new challenges in the development of the industry, the focus on innovative cooperation has continued to be deepened, strategies have been pursued to speed up the transformation of Internet-based operations, deeper diversification has advanced, and innovation has continued to grow rapidly.
The overall income from the company’s operations has remained stable. Cost control has shown remarkable results, with the first three of the 2019 innovations breaking out, and the industry’s share of Internet revenues rising: 24,291 million yuan in corporate Internet operations in the first three quarters of 2019.
1985.32 billion yuan, the first three quarters of which accounted for 12.23 per cent of the revenue from the company's Internet operations. Companies are now accelerating key innovations such as cloud computing, big data, material networking. Capacity-building and scaling-up of operations to integrate business models with cloud-plus smart networks plus smart applications.
In September 2019, a cooperation agreement was signed with China Telecom to build a 5g access network nationwide.
For China Connect and China Telecommunications, 5g network co-building and sharing cooperation, especially continuous 5g frequency sharing, will help reduce future 5g network construction and maintenance costs, achieve 5g network coverage efficiently, rapidly develop 5g service capacity, and enhance market competition for 5g network and services
1. China Connect (600050): Innovation to enhance network efficiency and asset efficiency to achieve mutually beneficial co-benefits.
Upgraded, shared co-construction will accelerate the growth in the number of users of 5g industry data 4g, contributing to future 5g business development
3. China Connect (600050): April camp data continues to improve, “Operation Two Hundreds” then twists the pace 2019-05-21
In the face of the new challenges of industry development, companies have deepened their focus on innovative cooperation strategies, including a rapid transformation of Internet-based operations, advanced diversification, sustained rapid growth of innovative operations, and sustained growth in corporate corporate business income, which has remained largely stable. In the first three quarters of 2019, the net return of companies to their mothers reached RMB 4,361 million, benefiting from good results.
The net profits of companies continued to rise significantly in the first three quarters of 2019. Of these, 2019q3 companies achieved a net return of 1.3 billion yuan, a decline of 6.54 per cent in the ring. 2019q3 Māori sales from China Connect were 26.12 per cent, a decrease of 1.61 pc from the previous quarter.
The company has gradually taken advantage of the deep coverage of the lte 900mhz4g network and wide coverage of rural areas. The focus on products, channels and marketing has intensified its efforts to promote the transformation of Internet-based operations, to tighten user development costs and ultra-low cost packages, and to insist on differential operations, in an effort to avoid simple price wars. In the first three quarters of 2019, a net increase of 9.69 million households was achieved by mobile account users.
In the first three quarters of 2019, a net increase of 3.57 million broadband subscribers to 84.45 million households was achieved.
In the area of innovation, companies accelerate capacity-building and scale-up in key innovative business such as cloud computing, big data, and access to goods, continuously strengthen institutional innovation, accelerate the building of innovative talent and stimulate distributional reforms to “cloud plus intelligence”
In the first three quarters of 2019, the income from the industry's Internet operation was 24,291 million yuan. The company's overall main business income was RMB 1985.32 billion, and the company's income from the Internet business in the first three quarters of 2019 accounted for the revenue from the current business.
The share of revenue is 12.23 per cent. Common building and sharing enhances 5g competitiveness, and cost reduction promotes commercial scale. September 2019, full-fledged subsidiary of a company-owned subsidiary, China United Network Communications (Hong Kong), Inc.
China Connect, a subsidiary, has signed a cooperation agreement with China Telecom to build a 5g access network nationwide. We believe that China Connect is working with China Telecom to build 5g networks together, especially 5g frequency-sharing, which will help to reduce future 5g network construction and transport costs, achieve 5g network coverage efficiently, and form rapidly.
5g services capacity, increased market competitiveness of 5g networks and services, increased network efficiency and asset efficiency, and it was agreed that the future of connectivity can face the challenge of working to create a new state of connectivity and high-quality development. By deepening Internet operations, companies continuously improve client perceptions, operational efficiency, and differentiated competitiveness.
In order to address the challenges of portering, efforts are being made to stabilize basic operations, scale up innovative operations, build on 5g business innovations, and drive a steady recovery in business as a whole. By continuing to deepen business and capital cooperation with strategic investors, companies push for innovation in various areas, enabling them to continuously improve their internal viability and operational efficiency and create greater value for shareholders.
Figure 6: Connectivity, telecommunications co-sharing1 and high price competition for flows, with 4g operations growing less than expected.2 The mix effect is less than expected.
3. The decline in communications costs exceeded expectations; 4 - 5g standardization and product development were not as advanced as expected.