Quarterly Performance Review, 2018: Improved financial structure to boost future profit giants. Quantities increased by 78.25 per cent in January-September 2018.
On the evening of 30 October, the launch engine published the tri-quarters report for 2018. In January-September 2018, the company realized business income of $13,848 million, an increase of 6.54 per cent over the same period the previous year; the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies; and the financial structure improved the profitability of its operations.
In 2017, the company successfully completed a targeted increase with the strong support of the state, raising funds to reduce the level of corporate indebtedness and effectively improve the company’s financial structure.
The cost was $266 million less than the same period last year, a decrease of 48.54%, and the decline in the size of the interest-bearing liability directly increased the profitability of the company. At the same time, with the rapid increase in the country’s aviation equipment requirements, the country’s national production, the development of empty engine technology, and the company’s downstream under the dual role of new equipment and import substitution.
2018/10/30 Policy support for the development of broad market prospects for the future
Air engines are the main target of the upgrading of our high-end manufacturing industry, which has been strongly supported by the national policy. A major national air engine and gas turbine initiative has been launched, and funds have gradually been put in place to further reduce the corporate burden and promote corporate development.
Motivated market demand, civilian engines, according to the Current Market Outlook, released by Boeing in 2017, will require more than 5,000 single-channel aircraft in China ' s future market and, in the next 20 years, China ' s air market will be larger than in the United States and Europe, bringing in more than 10,000 aviation engines.
At present, our civil aviation engines are heavily dependent on imports, and the existing civil aviation engines are products of s07905170001 United States cfm, inclusive and British Roers Royce, and there is much to be done for future imports.
For its part, air power is the focus of the country’s current military modernization, with no less than 2,000 market spaces. The company’s future market is very promising, and it has become a world air engine with its own qualifications or considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.