♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪
Wang Chimin Research Assistant, Chimong Base Rise + Australian Performance Reverse - Low Valuation Core Coal Assets, November 13, 2017
As the three traditional coal taps on the market, based on coal, and based on the development of coal, electricity, and machinery-related industries, and based on the consolidation of Shandong headquarters, the city has expanded its territory and has set up overseas bases.
The strategic direction is closely aligned with the industries of “restriction of the east, central control, development of the west” and “use of two resources, two markets”
The company is actively engaged in capacity-exchange, with significant results, with two million tons of coal mines successfully obtained the country ' s first capacity replacement targets at the end of 2016, officially launched in 2017, and the Trans-Long Bay coal mine (five million tonnes/year) shipped in the second half of 2016, which we expect to contribute throughout the year.
The production of Wang Chimin Research Assistant will increase significantly from 4.8 million tons in 2016 to around 25 million tons, an increase of 420 per cent in the same year, to tons in 2016, where the cost of selling coal will be only 130 dollars, and the operation of low-cost coal mines will significantly increase the company ' s coal plate performance.
As the first “outward” coal company to benefit from an increase in international coal prices, the Australian base may have lost a surplus (1.90 billion dollars in 2016), while 21 million tons of Moraben's three-phase production capacity were officially released in November of 17 years.
After the successful M&As, the profits of the company will be significantly increased from about 20 million tons to 40 million tons, the company will become Australia ' s largest independent coal operator, and the company will be significantly upgraded internationally in the Asia-Pacific region through the Global Coal Market Supply and Demand Analysis Report.
The company's current strategy is: supply and demand elasticity determine market trends and focus on merger reform.
On the basis of the power plant, the focus is on building an integrated power plant in the Zhao building, extending the industry downstream of coal. At the same time, it benefits from a significant increase in the price of methanol.
The recovery of coal consumption elasticity led to a backlash of demand against coal consumption. 2017.5.19 There has been a significant improvement in profitability, capital spending has been significantly reduced, and in the future it will follow China’s Senghua model of reboot of dividends.
“13th Five-Year Planning Review” of Coal Industrial Development, which allows companies to be more profitable and, at the present stage, have substantially completed their projects in the Australasia and Quimong regions and reduced future capital expenditures, Investment Strategies for the Coal Industry 2017: Weeks
Undistributed profits as at the third quarter of 17 years amounted to 35.523 billion yuan, and as at 10 November, the company had undistributed power in the powered coal blocks.
The profits/market value is second on the plate, and the company has had a number of high scores in its history, with the powered coal dragon head running a big score in 2017.
The red market has responded well, and companies will follow China’s high dividends model, with a large share in profits, or will follow China’s high dividends. Profit predictions and investment ratings: benefiting from higher coal and methanol prices, significant increases in corporate coal production, a reversal in the Australian base industry, a shift in performance, a combination of mergers and acquisitions, and the introduction of Methanol II projects, will result in a significant increase in corporate profitability and phase-out.
Catalysts for share prices: The combined coal profitability was released and coal prices rose again before the end of the winter season, and risk factors: the risk of macroeconomic cyclical fluctuations, the risk of fluctuations in the coal market, the risk of coal-chemical operations, the risk of safe production, the Hmong State Coal Coal Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Sangzhou Coal Industry”) was established in Shandong Province in 1997 under the sole initiative of the Mine Group Ltd.
In June 2012, the controlling subsidiary, the Luangzhou Coal Industry Australia Ltd., was listed on the Australian Stock Exchange. The Luangzhou Coal industry is one of China’s best-safe coal producers, the only coal company in China with an internal and external marketing platform, and is China’s highest international coal company.
In 2016, wealth China ranked 84th out of 500, with an overall increase of 8 places over the previous year, and was the only company to have a higher ranking among coal listed companies; at the same time, the Luangzhou coal industry was the first and only coal company to have received a national quality award twice. The company had coal resources and deep coal work projects in Shandong, Shanxi, and Inner Mongolia, as well as in Australia, and had potassium mine resources in Canada.
Figure 1: The ownership structure of the coal industry in Xiangzhou (up to the third quarter of 2017)
The company is a coal-based company that combines the development of industries such as chemicals, electricity and other industries, including coal, coal, machine and electrical equipment manufacturing, electricity and heat, with coal and carbon accounting for more than 80 per cent of the company's total operating income.
Figure 2: Share of income from the company's main business. In the coal business, the company is one of the leading coal producers and sellers in China and Australia. The products consist mainly of powered coal, semi-hard coal, semi-soft coal, blow-out coal, which applies to the electricity, metallurgy and chemical industries; the company's clients are mainly located in China, China and the South, Japan, Korea, Australia and China for 16 years.
For 16 years, 1.64 million tons of methanol were produced, 1.68 million tons were sold, generating operating income of 2,446 million yuan and a Māori rate of 25.29 per cent. For the machine and electrical equipment manufacturing industry, the company is mainly responsible for the manufacture, sale, rental and maintenance of mechanical and electrical equipment such as hydraulic stents, diggers, coal miners, etc.
On the basis of this, and in response to the needs of the major infrastructure development market, the development of the country's first nationally-produced serial belt system and the successful entry into the tunnel engineering high-end belt market have been matched with some of the country's major enterprises. In 16 years, operating revenues were $659 million, with a Māori rate of 19.33 per cent. In the electricity and thermal sector, the company owns and operates seven power plants, with a total installed capacity of 482mw. The electricity generated is a small fraction of its own, and the rest has passed through the area.
The power grid is sold to the final customer. The heat generated by the company’s power plant is sold to the Quantino Mine Group, except for its own use. In 16 years, 2,778 million kilowatt-hours of electricity were generated, generating 572 million yuan, or 19.24 per cent, of the revenue from the operation of the power supply.
In 2016, companies achieved business income of $10,198 million, an increase of 48 per cent in the same year, an average net capital return of 5.05 per cent, an increase of 2.84 percentage points over the same period the previous year, and a net sales interest rate of 2.25 per cent, an increase of 1 percentage point.
In the first quarter of 17 years, the net return to the mother was 1,749 million, an increase of 60.6 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2017, and the net return to the mother was 4,783 million, of which 217 q3 was the net return to the mother was $1,594 million, taking into account that the company had taken into account in the third quarter a one-time transaction stamp tax, audit consultancy fees, etc., arising from the acquisition of coal from the Union Coal, which affected the management fee by $1,182 million more than in the previous three quarters, resulting in a profit level for the company in the third quarter.
Not as much as expected, given the company ' s one-time accounting for all costs, which will be fully reflected in future light-loading, starting profits in the fourth quarter of 17 years, we expect further substantial increases in future performance.
At the same time, there has been a marked recovery in the total asset turnover, inventory turnover and cost containment, with sales rates falling steadily to 8.3 per cent.
The company is one of the largest coal producers in the region. By the end of 2016, the company had a stock of 9.95 billion tons of resources, of which 587 million tons (other than Molaban II) were held outside the country, with a total capacity of 110 million tons. The company’s main production wells are currently equipped with coal-selection plants, with a clean-up rate of 80% or more in Shandong province.
The Division can produce different levels of fine coal, blocks of coal, screened primary coal, mixed coal, semi-hard coal, semi-comfort coal, blow-up coal, power coal, etc., to accommodate various industries such as metallurgical, coke, electricity, building materials, chemicals, etc. (2) The company has an approved capacity of 33.7 million tons. Of this, in 2016, the company closed the North Coal Bank (one million tons of capacity) and produced 33.7 million tons of coal in six coal-producing mines.
Three coal mines, including Australia's mines (3.6 million tons), Ashton's mines (5 million tons), Donasen's mines (6.1 million tons), have been shown for asset securitization financing of 14.7 million tons; the mines under the flag are operated jointly with third parties and are not included in the financial statements. There are still three coal mines, with a capacity of 30.6 million tons (of which Moraben mines include 2 open-air 1 weller, with a capacity of 7 million in mid-2016).
The Tian Mine, a joint venture owned and operated by Australia in partnership with a third party and not incorporated into the company ' s financial statements, was launched on 3 November 2017 with a total capacity of 6 million tons of well workers, while the total 16-year production in the table still includes production up to 1 April 16, but mine names have been removed.
The company has developed a three-pronged coal industry, with core competitiveness and operating levels rising significantly. During the 2012-2016 industry cycle, the company actively shifted the industrial area, and continued to invest in the development of mines in the west against the backdrop of a massive industrial shutdown.
On the basis of the rapid rise of the Shinmon base and the launch of the Trans-Long Bay coal mine (5 million tonnes/year) in the second half of 2016, the company responded positively to the national policy by purchasing capacity indicators, winning new production indicators for the projects under way, enabling the shulausuzo and two million tons of trenches to be successfully replaced at the end of 16th year, the shala coal mine to be launched in January 17, the pyrotechnic mine to be tested in the second quarter of 17 years, and the shomon base to be concentrated in 17-18 years, resulting in the company's output.
The construction of a coal mine is continuing at the base of the industry, and endogenous growth has significantly increased corporate coal production. Companies are actively engaged in capacity-exchange, with notable results, and schilling tons/year at the end of 2016, which we expect to increase significantly from 4.8 million tons last year to around 25 million tons, an increase of 420 per cent.
In 2016, the company’s cost of selling tons of coal on its base was only US$ 130, and the operation of low-cost coal mines would significantly improve the company’s performance on coal plates. In addition, in Australia, the company’s market situation, where coal prices continued to run at high prices, the company’s production peaked, the price of coal plates was expected to grow and, in the third quarter of 2017, the company fully accounted for a total of US$ 1,811.9 million in transaction stamp duties, audit consultancy fees, etc., from the acquisition of coal in Australia.
3.3 The Australasia base, which is a subsidiary of the Australasia coal industry, is listed on the Australian stock exchange, and after the recent acquisition of joint coal, the Australasia coal industry holds about 65 per cent of its profits.
It was established in 2004, with seven asset mergers and acquisitions in Australia, and in 2012, with a merger with the Groste Coal Company, it was listed in Australia. After more than a decade of development, it has now grown into Australia's largest independent coal listing company. It owns 27 per cent of the shares in coal mines such as Yarobe, Moraben, Grost, Middle Hills and the Newcastle Infrastructure Group (pwcs), and the Wilkins Island dock 5.6 per cent.
The benefits of the merger and acquisition of high-quality coal assets, the official operationalization of the Moraben II project with an increase in international coal prices, the sharp rise in the future profitability of the Australian base (1.90 billion in 2016), the official delivery of 21 million tons of total production capacity in Morabun II on 3 November 2017, the company ' s continued profitability through the fixed increase + share acquisition of more than tons of profits, and the company ' s becoming Australia ' s largest independent coal operator, significantly enhancing its corporate voice on the international market in the Asia-Pacific region.
Coal is a well-known producer of powered coal and semi-soft coal in Australia, and c&a is Australia’s leading high-quality power coal and coke.
Coal producers, affiliated to the LT Group. Coal holding shares in c&a, 75.71%, and hunters' valleys, 24.29%, respectively.c&a indirectly owns the interests of hunter valuations (“hvo”), mounthorley and warkworth (collectively “mtw”) in three coal projects and related assets, and hvo and wtm are both Australia's top coal assets and remain highly profitable at a time of low international coal prices.
The co-coal is rich in reserves. hvo is an open-air mine located 24 km north-west of Singhton, Australia's hunter's valley basin, covering approximately 11,000 hectares. c&a and Hvoresourcessptyltd (“hvor”) hold 67.6% and 32.4% interests, respectively. hvo became operational in 1949 and its main products include power and semi-soft coal.
mtw is located 14 km north-west of Singhton, Australia's hunter's valley, and covers approximately 6,000 hectares of open-air mines, including moonthorley and warkworth.c&a and poscoaustraciaptyltd, respectively, hold 80% and 20% of Mountthorley, c&a, hvor, Mitsubishi matural and nipponstel, respectively, have 55.6%, 28.9%, 6.0% and 9.5% of warkworth.
The main products of mtw are powered coal and semi-soft coal. 3. “Mine service years” data are projections based on the available stocks and production data shown in the unaudited management statement of c&a; 2. The data in the above table are amounts calculated on the basis of 100 per cent interest in hvo and 64.1 per cent interest in mtw.
Coal Resources and Coal Storage Report (Yancoal.com.au); 3. Data on “saleable reserves” and “resource volume” are disclosed on the basis of equity and do not include data on the Voltage Coal Mine and data on the “resource volume” of the Prema Coal Mine and Kai 4. Coal Australia, including coal stocks; c&a data on “resource volume”, excluding coal reserves.
(b) 8.c&a “total interest” data, determined on the basis of the transfer price of the transaction and the amount of stamp duty:
The above unaudited data may differ from the final audited data and invite investors to take into account investment risks, based on the audited data published by the relevant parties. Companies acquire joint coal during the low period of the international coal market, enrich the company's coal reserves, increase the company's capacity to produce, reduce its combined costs, increase market voice, and cooperate with the international mining giants to significantly increase synergies, profitability and combined strength, and move out for the company to create a “home, home, home”
The three basic strategic layouts of Mon and Australia provide a solid foundation for a strong and positive increase in the company's future performance, building on existing assets in Australia.iv. Corporate active outreach chains, multiple openings of non-coal plates, 4.1 methanol profits are stable, and the plate chain is expected to expand further vertically.
The company insists on coal, focusing on the principle of maximization of benefits, highlighting the main coal industry, and reasonably determining the size of the coal industry and the electricity industry. In the process of developing resources from outside the company, governments have called for the development of coal industry projects as a precondition for resource allocation, while reducing coal transport rings to achieve integrated coal processing.
At present, the company’s coal industry operations are carried out mainly by its subordinates, Elite Energy Coal Coal Coal Coal Ltd. and Ordos Coal Coal Coal Energy Co. Ltd., mainly in the production and sale of methanol. Ordos Energy and ellipse are the main operators, with a capacity of 1 million tons and 600,000 tons, respectively, in 2015 and 2008, and are now in full production, and we expect a small increase in 2017-2019, totalling about 170, 170, 170, 2.2 million tons, on the basis of basic maintenance of existing production.
Figure 14: Methanol sales have remained largely stable (tonnes of tons) Increased sales costs for coal-based methanol operations have increased on a year-on-year basis, as a result of the overall industry environment. Figure 15: Corporate Methanol harvests have been more stable
The scale of methanol production and the construction of a 1 million tons of acrylic hydrocarbons project, which we expect to produce by the end of 2018, will be 2.4 million tons of methanol, which is expected to be produced by the end of the second phase of the ellipse conversion project, which will result in 400,000 tons of ethanol and 300,000 tons of polymethylenedioxydiphenyl ether co-production, which we expect to be completed by 2019. Given the company's scientific management of existing coalification projects in accordance with the principles of industrial integration, regionalization, and timely adjustment of existing chemical layouts and industrial product portfolios.
We expect that the company's coal industry chain will be further extended, the company's profitability will be enhanced or the coal industry will be upgraded to a 4.2-benefit facility, and the coal machine equipment will be re-heated.
The company ' s manufacturing industry is mainly engaged in the manufacture, sale, rental and maintenance of mechanical and electrical equipment such as hydraulic stents, diggers, coal-mining machines, etc. On the basis of the consolidation of the internal market, the company has been able to target the needs of the major infrastructure development market, successfully develop the first national production of a continuous belt belt and successfully enter the high-end belt market for tunnel works, and has achieved its share of the country ' s revenues from operating mechanical and electrical equipment in the years 2015, 2016 and the third quarter of 2017, respectively, at a rate of $423 million, $659 million and $150 million, respectively.
Prices continue to run high, profits from the coal industry are gradually improving, balance sheets are being repaired, pre-coal companies are largely stopped from upgrading coal plant equipment, coal enterprises are starting to move into the equipment upgrade period, companies are making profits or will gradually improve their equipment. 4.3 Coal costs are high, and the power plate is running out of balance.
The company’s electricity operations are concentrated in Shandonghua Energy Co. Ltd., the Luangzhou Coal Industry Ellipse Energy Company Ltd., and the Kiki Coal Monitoring and Energy Company Ltd. Fifthly, the company’s history has been marked by a number of high dividends, and will be followed in the future by China’s Shinhua Re-emitting Equity Model for the Golden Decade.” The company has implemented cash dividends on several occasions, with a higher ratio of cash dividends to net assets, total market value, and total undistributed profits.
At the same time, in terms of the impact on listed companies, the higher the ratio of undistributed profits to market value, the greater the impact on the market. From this point of view, we measured the main listed companies for the coal plate, collating the listed companies against the criterion of undistributed profits/market value, the higher profits for the coal industry in Xiangzhou, and the second higher the value of undistributed profits to market value in the power plate.
Figure 19: Undistributed profits/market value as of 2017q3 in the coal industry is second in figure 20: Undistributed profits/market value as of the end of 2016 in the coal industry is second in place in the coal industry.
On the other hand, the company’s statutes state that, with priority given to ensuring the sustainable development of the company, its profits during the year and its accumulated undistributed profits are positive, except for major investment plans or major cash needs, the total cash dividends allocated by the company in the fiscal year should account for about 35% of the company’s net profits in that year, after deducting statutory reserves.
Investment plans or major cash requirements are 50 per cent of the company ' s total profit achieved in the last fiscal year over the next 12 months or more in terms of major investment plans or cash requirements, taking into account that the company ' s base is gradually starting production in 2016 and that the second phase of Morabun, Australia, was fully operational on 3 November 2017 and is currently largely under-invested in the gold mine (with a capacity of 1.8 million tons), and that corporate capital expenditure has fallen significantly, on a substantial scale, on the basis of substantial dividends.
The company will either follow the example of the Chinese dynasty and implement a large share. Table 9: Listed companies share red provisions, VI. Supply-side reforms driven by accelerated warming of the coal industry.
In the second half of 2016, the coal mining industry began warming for the first time in almost three years. In 2013, the coal market weather index was down and as of October 2015, the coal market gas index had fallen to 52.1 and was too cold; the supply-demand balance index showed a severe overhang in the coal mining industry; and the demand-side deviation index was evident.
In September 2016, the coal market gas index returned to 11.8, and the supply-demand balance index showed a temporary reduction in excess capacity in the coal mining industry; in September 2017, the coal market gas index rose to 11.30, the industry gas index largely returned to normal levels, the demand deviation index showed that the industry was in a cyclical reversal of the need for 6.2 coal industry, and the coal price recovery increased.
With regard to coal prices, at the beginning of 2017, the combined average price index for sea-powered coal rose by RMB 593 per ton to RMB 222 per ton, up 59.84 per cent, compared with the figure of RMB 371 per ton at the beginning of 2016. As of November 2017, the combined average price index for sea-powered coal rose by RMB 578 per ton, and by 200.11 per cent, and the price of coal rose by up to 16.62 per cent as of November 2017.
Figure 26: Changes in the price of coal pits in Chenxi, Taikang, Inner Mon power (RM/t) 6.3 Coal industry supply contracted, excess capacity improved supply-side reforms combined with marketized production could be identified, and the country's primary coal production declined significantly. In recent years, national policies have phased out backward capacity, production restrictions, etc., and coal enterprises have reduced production autonomously.
In 2016, the coal industry introduced a “276” workday system, with a sharp decline in coal production, with a national production rate of 2.01 billion tons in January-July 2017, representing an increase of 5.4 per cent over the previous period of 3.3 per cent, 9.4 per cent and 5.0 per cent respectively.
With the successful implementation of coal supply side reforms, the excess capacity of the coal industry has been effectively reduced. The National Development and Reform Commission wrote on 10 August that, by the end of June 2017, the country had accumulated more than 400 million tons of coal production, accounting for 50 per cent of the target of “1350 billion” tons, and that significant progress had been made in the stage-by-stage production of coal.
Coal pre-investment was insufficient, capacity recovery was still in progress, and investment in coal-mining fixed assets was on the decline. Between 2005 and 2012, coal companies expanded their capacity through new mining wells and technological upgrading, with coal-selected fixed-asset investments growing at an average annual compound rate of 24.15%, peaking in 2012. In the first three quarters of 2013-2015 coal, fixed-asset investments increased by 2012 billion yuan, compared to 8.5%, ending the rise since June.
Imports of coal are an important complement to our coal supply, with low prices for imported coal and maritime transport driving our high coal imports. Since 2009, we have been transformed from a net coal-exporting country to a net coal-importing country, where coal imports have continued to rise from 126 million tons in 2009 to 327 million tons in 2013.
Coal supply has been balanced, with a significant increase in coal imports, with 25.510 million tons of coal imported nationwide in 2016, an increase of 25.2 per cent compared to the same period last year, and 133 million tons of coal imported in the first half of 2017, an increase of 23.50 per cent compared to the same period. Supply-side reforms have contributed to the digestion of surplus coal stocks and a rapid decline in social stocks of coal.
Ten thousand tons, at a rate of 23.26 per cent, 35.82 per cent, and 43.48 per cent respectively. Supply-side reforms have contributed to the rapid digestion of coal stocks across society. During the “12th Five-Year” period, our investment in coal fixed assets rapidly increased to promote the explosion of coal production, hydropower was fully released and electricity used in the secondary sector declined, with society largely relying on digestive stocks, with negative growth in consumption in the upstream coal sector, resulting in high coal stocks.
In June of that year, social coal stocks of 200 million tons fell by 150 million tons, up to 75 per cent, compared with 350 million tons at the end of 2015.
The coal industry is warming back and forth, the industry climate is rising, coal prices are moving up and companies are rich in coal resources and have better coal quality; on the other hand, the company’s main business is prominent, displacing the lost assets, and the joint coal profitability is being released, and the company’s profits are increasing, according to the public chain of the coal industry.
The following assumptions are made with regard to the current business situation and future business plans of the Division: Coal plate: the company ' s combined and listed joint coal profitability has increased significantly, and coal mines are gradually being built in the Qingmong region, taking into account the significant increase in coal production and the cost of coal, we have opted for a comparative analysis of large-scale co-coal industries, permanent coal power and medium coal energy in listed companies, taking into account the value of the company using the municipal rate method,
Corporate coal resources are rich in reserves and better in quality; lost assets are stripped away and the combined coal profitability is significantly released, in addition to the company's outreach to the coal industry chain, with over-covering giving the company a “buy-in” rating. 1, Risk of macroeconomic cyclical fluctuations
The coal industry in which the company operates is the backbone of the national economy and is highly relevant to the national economy, and is more sensitive to the economic cycle than other industries. Thus, changes in the economic cycle can directly lead to changes in the demand for energy in national economic activity, leading to changes in corporate income from coal products and cash flows from economic activity, which pose risks associated with fluctuations in the macroeconomic cycle.
The demand for coal is declining as a result of changes in economic growth patterns, restructuring of the economy and energy structure, energy conservation, and the impact of climate change on green economy development. The company’s main industry is more relevant to macroeconomic performance, and its profitability may be affected if future national economic growth continues to slow and demand for coal, coke, and kerosene products decreases.
But its overall resource ownership and asset size do not have an absolute competitive advantage over other leading companies in the coal industry in the domestic market, and its ability to continue to increase resource reserves, increase production and sales, thereby increasing core competitiveness will have a direct impact on the company’s business development. The country’s coal industry has a large number of producers, with a low degree of industrial concentration.
Prices of coal-based products are more affected by fluctuations in crude oil prices, while costs are largely influenced by coal prices. Thus, when oil prices are high, the prices of coal-based products will rise accordingly; but if oil prices fall significantly, coal-based products will lose comparative cost advantages. If future crude oil prices fall or remain low, they will have a negative impact on the company’s earnings from coal-based operations. Since 2008, international crude oil prices have been affected by a variety of factors, with large fluctuations, and future trends are difficult to predict.
In addition, large coal companies in the country are currently working on coal-chemical projects, and in the next three to four years a large number of coal-chemical projects will be built and put into operation, with no major safety incidents occurring during the reporting period. The company’s safe production remains at a national and international level. The company has developed a series of safe production measures, but coal production is underground, with the potential for safety accidents such as water, fire, roofs, gas, coal dust, etc., and the company’s own mine production conditions are complex.
The coal industry is a high-risk industry, and in recent years most of the company’s mines at Jinning’s headquarters have entered deep mining and geological conditions have become more complex, further increasing the company’s risk of production. In the event of a major security accident, the company will have a significant negative impact on normal operations and business performance.
As the integration process is completed, the coal industry will develop into larger, more intensive competition among major enterprise groups. At the same time, a large number of non-coal industries, mainly power-based enterprises, have started coal mining, thus increasing competition in the coal sector.
The gas industry chain, with special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, light-quantification of cars, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
He worked as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the workshop), in the fields of coal and energy-related research, and in “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. In June 2016, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master's degree in mining engineering at the Chinese University of Mines, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to carry out research in the coal sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.