- Treasure letter software (600845.sh) 19-year review report 22-04 2020 Corporate rating: increase (maintain)
During the reporting period, the company ' s operating income was $6.85 billion, a 25.2 per cent increase compared to the previous projection of 21.57 per cent, mainly because it benefited from the wisdom of the BMW Group, which created an upturn in demand and significantly increased the income from the group ' s services.
It was 879 million yuan, a 31.4 per cent increase over previous projections. The Māori rate increased significantly if the technological value added of smart manufacturing upgrades were to be higher.
The company upgrades its intellectuals to provide information technology services and realizes the revenues from associated transactions 29.73 Research Assistant: Ryounyan, billions of dollars, a significant 37% increase over the same period. We believe that the state has frequently issued support to industry.
Policies on the Internet, artificial intelligence, etc., are being promoted, and future industrial manufacturing networks are being integrated and intellectually enabled. Meanwhile, the steel industry is expected to continue to lag behind capacity, and M & As restructuring is expected to continue.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, there is a huge space for internal intelligent upgrading, and the company will promote the national layout of the idc operation with four successful deliveries.
1. Treasure letter software depth study: Iron and steel information system racks with a combined occupancy rate of over 80%. Future companies will promote Treasure Cloud National Bus 2. Treasure and software three-quarterly evaluation: performance is up to date.
In Shanghai, Nanjing, Wuhan, etc., the company still has more than 10 build-ups and plans to build 16,000 new hangars. We believe that the company is operating through the transformation of the BMW's old steel plant, and has more than the cost of land rental and electricity systems.
The major advantage of the Treasure News software (600845.sh) as compared to depth 300 is that of an idc service provider with core urban land resources, which is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future.
At the same time, the company has significant cost advantages in terms of core resources in the area of idc, with a strong long-term growth certainty.
Software development business: During the reporting period, companies provided information technology services to upgrade the smart manufacturing of the BMW Group, which led to a significant increase in revenues from software development operations. We believe that the country has frequently published policies that support industrial Internet, artificial intelligence, etc., and that future industrial manufacturing networks are being integrated and intelligent.
The steel industry will continue its restructuring of production capacity and M & As, with the Soldier Group, as the absolute head of steel in our country, expected to grow in size and the space for business in corporate software development.
We believe that the 5g era will lead to a significant increase in data volume, and that the demand for data centres will continue to grow at a rapid pace. Maintenance/vigoration services will continue to grow as a result of package software development: companies are very competitive in their intelligent manufacturing upgrading operations, and the corporate software development industry will continue to do so during the reporting period.
We believe that future industrial manufacturing smart transformations will continue, and that the sub-business Māori ratio is expected to increase steadily as the ratio of income to the smart transformation project continues to rise. Services outsourcing: the company Treasure Cloudidc project is completed through the renovation of the old steel plant and is the most developed in the data centre.
Large cost items - electricity - have a great advantage. As the share of idc continues to rise, the overall Māori ratio of the Division’s services outsourcing operations is expected to remain high. For the period 2020-2022, it is expected that out-of-company services sales rates: companies rely on the Treasure Group, and there will be great space for future intelligence upgrades within the Group, and the future.
Management rates: Corporate management rates (other than R & D) are expected to decrease as future scale effects become apparent. Another industry is expected to continue with the reorganisation of production capacity and M & As. Companies rely on the national steel industry’s elite, which has huge scope for future intelligence upgrades within the group.
The company ' s old steel plant, which operates with a greater advantage in costs such as land rent and electricity systems, is an idc service provider with core urban land resources and is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future.
There is still a great deal of uncertainty about the new crown epidemic, and corporate performance will be adversely affected if the group slows down its intellectual upgrading plans.
\triangleright The investment required to build a data centre is large, and the company will not be able to build if it only uses its own funds.
Since the public compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on one’s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the findings are not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.