Good growth in performance, beneficiary idc+ informatization. 1 Treasure software report 2019 & Quarterly 2020. 22/04/2020
During the 2019 financial reporting period, the company achieved revenues of $6,849 million, an increase of 17.69 per cent in the same year; net returns to mothers of $879 million, an increase of 99.83 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2020, the company realized revenues of $1,298 million, a decrease of 7.40 per cent in the same year; net returns to mothers of $274 million, an increase of 45.86 per cent in the same year.
In keeping with the strategy of “intelligent” development, the City of Insight Manufacturing and Smart City, the company in 2019 adhered to the strategy of “intellectualization” and went deep into “Internet + advanced manufacturing” and increased its investment in industrial Internet platforms: active involvement in the construction of new smart cities, with intelligent transportation and intelligent parks as entry points.
In-depth exploration of new models and new business in smart cities. Companies take the cutting edge of technological development and use business models to innovate to provide a comprehensive range of products and services such as the industrial Internet, new-generation information infrastructure, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, 5g-based applications, industrial robots, etc.
Research and development (R & D) costs continue to increase, intellectual manufacturing needs improve profitability R & D inputs are an important guarantee for companies to maintain their competitiveness. In 2019, the company spent $724 million on R & D, an increase of 25.93 per cent over the same period.
The Māori rate for software engineering increased by 3.83 per cent. The Māori rate for systems integration operations increased by 19.47 per cent, mainly in 2018.
With the impact of the \triangleright epidemic, $1,298 million was collected in a quarter, a decrease of 7.40 per cent in the same year. The net operating cash flow of $129 million in a quarter, a decrease of 47.52 per cent in the same year, was due to low repayments and high bill settlements in the first quarter.
The coronary pneumonia epidemic imposes new and higher demands on the company’s emergency response system and capacity. Maintains a “recommended” rating.
The 20-year-old wind of comparable UFO data and data ports is expected to be 51x/80x, the company is undervalued, its new technology and core capabilities are not as high as expected, and the size of the letters of credit and receivables is not as high as expected.
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Human Security and the Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
In 2019, the Research Assistant for the Computer & Education Industry at the Institute of Human Resources Studies joined the Institute of Civil Security, the Master of Banking and Finance of the Kings College of London. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Practice (SIP) granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions were not influenced by any third party.