The Shinyi Hill Monitor is a major player in the new energy vehicle business, focusing on the human robotics track.
20 May 2025 Revenue growth mainly benefited from the new energy vehicle operations, and the decline in profit was mainly due to the product balance at the highest/minimum level during the year:
(i) General Automated Business has a strong niche, with a breakdown of product performance, and a dynamic process industry. (1) In terms of market share: the domestic share of the company ' s universal server system is about 28.3 per cent, ranking first; the domestic share of low-pressure transformer products (including elevator-specific transformers) is about 18.6 per cent, ranking first;
The domestic share of medium- and high-voltage transformers is about 18.6 per cent; the domestic share of small-scale plc products is about 14.3 per cent, the second highest in the domestic brand; and the domestic share of industrial robotics is about 8.8 per cent, the third highest, of which the domestic share of Scara robotics is about 27.3 per cent.
First, in terms of income from products: RMB 1.1 billion per year + 38 per cent for industrial robotics, RMB 5.61 billion per server, URF, plc&hmi, RMB-7 per cent per year/pK/-19 per cent, respectively, compared with the relatively low MPF rate for industrial robots, which has led to the consolidation of general automation operations.
The Māori body ratio has declined. (3) The dynamic process industry: the company ' s ability to build up in the digital, large plc domain will benefit from the process industry ' s trend towards national production. In 2025, the company ' s General Automation (GS) business led the new energy auto-drive system, which actively promotes the joint-driven internal listing process.
In 2024, the company ' s new energy automobile business achieved sales revenue of about $16 billion, an increase of about 70 per cent over the same period.In terms of market share, the company ' s domestic share of new energy by electric motor control products was 10.7 per cent, ranking second, first among third-party suppliers; the total share of new energy by electric power was 6.3 per cent.
On 31 January, the joint-driven listing application was formally processed. High priority was given to the human robotics business, with the advantage of core parts and components research and development manufacturing and scenario understanding.
(1) Core components: Develop high-performance joint component prototypes covering low-voltage high-power drives, incoherent rectulators and modules, planetary rollers, etc.
The prototype was designed and built up relevant process routes, such as thread grinding, and multi-body dynamics simulation methods. (2) Focus on industry: explore solutions for the visualization of intelligent robotics, with active communication with some generic human robots and industrial clients.
The company has now formed a two-pillar pattern of industrial automation and new energy automobile operations. As the leader of the domestic industrial automation industry, the company’s presence in high-end scenes and process industry markets is expected to continue to rise: in the new energy automobile business, combined power has opened up overseas markets, improved profitability, etc.
There is still room for room: based on a new round of strategic planning, we believe that companies are expected to build human robotics into the third growth pole in the medium and long term, with the accumulation of core technology and the advantage of scenario understanding. The business risks associated with macroeconomic fluctuations: companies do many downstream industries, these industries and macros.
\triangleright’s economy, fixed-asset investment, exports, etc. are closely linked. Macroeconomic fluctuations, changes in the international trade situation, etc., affect the market demand and performance of companies’ related products.
The risk of falling demand in the elevator sector as a result of the low real estate market is that when the real estate market falls, the company ' s sales earnings and profits in the elevator sector will be significantly affected, as the sales revenue from the company ' s elevator industry is higher.
Risks associated with increased competition in the market; competition in the new energy automobile sector is intense, with gross interest rates for products generally low and firms low levels of profitability.
There is a risk that the company’s competitive edge will decline as a result of a shortage of core technology and human resources: companies are still lagging behind the international mainstream in such core technologies as industrial software, control layers, etc. If companies are to be in the future in terms of technology research and development, they will be in a position to do so.
A failure to attract and develop better skilled people will weaken the company’s competitiveness. Reasonable reasons. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.