24-year report +25q1 rating: q1 over-expected performance, strategic deployment of human robotics, HSBC technology released its annual report 2024 and its quarterly report 2025 on 28 April 2025.
The volatility of the company ' s Māori rate is mainly due to its relatively low Māori rate for new sources of energy, the rapid increase in automobile operations and the rapid rise in the company ' s net interest rate of 25q1, mainly as a result of good cost control by the company, with a fee rate of 17.84 per cent for 25q1iv, compared to 5.76 pt.
• General automation q1 + 29 per cent of the year-on-year increase, with continued rapid growth in new energy operations, continued growth in the company's four major portfolios: 1) general automation operations were sold out in 2024. General automation operations were generated by approximately $4.1 billion + 29 per cent, a significant increase.)
2025q1 generated about $3.9 billion, compared to +66 per cent, our new energy automobile industry maintained strong growth, industry penetration continued to rise, company new energy vehicles benefited from the fast growth in the use of fixed-point cars and company delivery guarantees, and new energy commercial vehicle operations built on new platforms.
Bulk sales have grown faster. 3) Due to the continued weakening of the real estate market, the elevator industry has experienced low demand, and corporate smart elevator operations achieved sales revenue of about $4.94 billion in 2024, equal to -6.65 per cent; companies continue to dig deep into customer value, expand stock market opportunities and open overseas markets
Quarterly Review: Staying at Work Control Points, New Energy Automobile Business, New Strategic Business, New Growth Line, 24 years of official human robotics operations
2024-11-04. A forward-looking strategic layout based on the consolidation of core business, led by the company's industrial and regulatory leadership around the country.
Internationalization, digitization, energy management, ai, human robotics, etc.
In the field, the overseas team is over 600 people, and in 2024 it achieved overseas income of about $2 billion, or 17%. Digital companies continue to contract digital equipment, digital energy and digital factories, three big core tracks. Companies plan industrial ai technology from the top down and achieve ai technology in many fields.
In 2024, the company officially deployed human robotics, started part of the core component research and development, and the strategic layout is expected to form an emerging curve for the company’s future growth.
The Department, as a leading national producer in our industrial and regulatory sector, is expected to benefit from the future upgrading of manufacturing automation and of the industrial and regulatory sector in the context of national production substitution, while the company's new energy automobile power and control operations continue to be deployed and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
1) Business risks associated with economic fluctuations; 2) Business risks of falling under the demand of the elevator industry due to the low real estate market; 3) increased competition in the new energy car market, resulting in lower returns on the company ' s new energy vehicle business; 4) Core technology and under-staffing have led to a decline in corporate competitive advantage
Risks; 5) increased accounts receivable create a risk of bad debts; 6) increased company size creates a management risk; and (7) the international situation affects business risk. Financial statements and profit projections:
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are only for information purposes. I have not been, are not, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.