The performance of 25q1 has improved significantly in relation to the ring, with an increase in the operation of new energy vehicles \triangleright year in overall demand for manufacturing, reduced demand for industrial automation, and a two-year decline in market size.
General Automated Operations achieved sales revenue of about $15.2 billion, an increase of about 1 per cent over the same year, and maintained growth.
In sub-products, the company ' s general frequency transformer has achieved sales revenues of about $5.2 billion, the universal server system has generated sales revenues of about $5.6 billion, the plc&hmi has generated sales revenues of about $1.3 billion, and the industrial robots (with sophisticated machinery) have generated sales revenues of about $1.1 billion.
The company’s new energy plate has increased revenue and its internal operations have continued to raise profitability.
At the same time, the company actively promotes the optimization of its internal operations and continues to promote the management and efficient operation of its efficiency through tight cost controls, lower fees, higher human effectiveness and managerial excellence.
The strategy is that the level of profitability of the new energy automobile business has been further increased and profits have increased rapidly, and Changzhou has completed the production of all its plants, the capacity has risen rapidly, and electrical and controlled products have been downlined by a million units per year.
Review: 24h1 performance meets expectations, new energy vehicles continue to grow, overseas markets continue to open, official human robotics are being deployed. With regard to overseas markets, corporate focus has grown by 2024/08/28.
Markets (including Europe, the United States, etc.) and emerging markets (including Korea, Viet Nam, India, Malaysia, the Middle East, Turkey, etc.), adhering to regional industrialization strategies, 2024 Corporate Overseas: 23q3 performance meets expectations and industrial controls are growing robustly
Gross revenue is about 2 billion yuan, a 17% increase in the same year, accounting for about 6% of the company’s total operating income. In the area of human robot technology (300124.sz) and semi-annual reporting in 2023, companies rely on companies in key areas such as motor control, server-driven, straight-line steering and wire.
Review: 23h1 performance meets expectations, reverses the structure, accumulates technology, companies officially deployed human robotics in 2024, and launched some core parts \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received, directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.