Stable industrial controls, high trams, powerai, robotics, Southwest Securities Institute billions of yuan, change-12.1 per cent year-on-year, change ring 15.5 per cent year-on-year.
On the profit side, the company sold Māori/net interest rate in 2024 General automation, steady transhipment, and a slight drop in elevators. In 2024, General Automated Business achieved sales revenue of about $15.2 billion, an increase of about 1% over the same period, with GIFs achieving sales revenue of about $5.2 billion.
General-service systems achieve sales revenues of about $5.6 billion, plc&hmi about $1.3 billion, and industrial robots (with precision machinery) about $1.1 billion. Smart elevator operations realize sales revenues of about $4.9 billion, a decrease of about 7 per cent, and orbit transport operations about $560 million, an increase.
In 2024, the company's new energy automobiles were sold at about $16 billion, an increase of about 70 per cent over the same period. The company was ranked as a market share of 10.7 per cent, 6.3 per cent, 10.5 per cent, respectively, in the market for new energy vehicles using electric motor controls, power-drives, etc.
Second, fourth, and second, especially among third-party suppliers. Through technological innovation and product upgrading, companies are actively responding to rising global penetration rates of new energy vehicles, which are expected to become an important engine for company growth in the future.
In 2024, the company formed a core team of industrial ai developers and achieved the enabling and initial layout of the ai technology in a number of areas. The company worked to build a "1+n" team model with the industrial ai module at its core.
1. Segawa technology (300124): Industrial and regulatory growth, robotic operations and the initiation of research and development of some of the core components.
High-performance joint component prototypes, covering low-pressure high-power drives, unboxed rectulators and modules, planets, planets, etc. Billions of dollars, $6,522 million of staves. Corporate control taps have expanded, national production replacement processes have accelerated, energy isai, machines, etc.
Assumption 1: the company is a national industrial leader, with an accelerated pace of sea travel, a vast overseas market space, and a gradual increase in the company's share. In the company's general automation block, the delivery of control orders is expected to increase at a different rate for the period 2025-2027.
Assumption 2: the company is the leader of the domestic third-party electric power system, with a continuous increase in downstream client targeting, it is expected that scenario 3: benefit scale effects and business Māori ratio will stabilize upwards, and there will be no direct or indirect compensation for, and no direct or indirect compensation for, specific recommendations or views in this report.