Hsikawa technology (300124.sz) Zhao Xudong, the Automated Leader is firmly in place and the new energy vehicle business is on the rise.
Quarterly reports issued by the company in 2025 yielded $8.98 billion, or yoy + 38.3 per cent, in the reporting period; net profit earned by the mother was $1.32 billion, or yoy + 63.1 per cent; net profit earned by the mother after deduction was $1.23 billion; income from the new energy automobile business was maintained at a high rate in 2024, with an increase in the share of automated businesses:
In 2024, companies earned $37.04 billion and yoy+21.8 per cent of their revenue, mainly from new energy vehicles, and business income continued to increase at a high rate. By branch, one new energy vehicle generated $16.64 billion and yoy+67.8 per cent, mainly because of the rapid growth of downstream car orders and the company ' s power control and electrical apparatus.
And total products continue to grow rapidly, and power-based products and vehicle-borne air-conditioning controllers accelerate their use. 2 companies achieved revenues of about $15.24 billion, yoy+1.36%, mainly due to weak demand in the domestic automated market.
The rate is steadily up, with universal servers, low-pressure transformers, medium-high-pressure transformers all ranked first in the domestic market, with cities increasing 0.1, 1.6, 2.7 pcts, industrial robotic platoons rising from 4th to 3rd, and city occupancy increasing by 2.3 pcts, with a breakdown of scara machines in the field.
The city-to-city rate rose by 6.5 pcts, which remained first for many years in a row.3 Smart elevator-type operations generated revenues of $4.94 billion, yoy-6.65 per cent, mainly due to the domestic real estate market, which is high, as well as increased competition in automated markets. The cost is 16.65 per cent over time.
In addition, sales, management, R & D, financial costs are down by 1.18, 0.11, 0.13, 0.01 pcts, respectively, and sales costs are lower by 1.43 per cent, and the control fees are more effective because the company optimizes its marketing organization. In addition, the fair value of corporate equity-type investment projects is lower by the same year, resulting in a decline in the fair value of corporate equity projects.
Fair value change gains and investment returns have declined over the years, affecting corporate profit performance. Excluding the above effects, the company withheld $4.04 billion in net profit from the parent, yoy-0.9%, and remained stable overall.
The Department achieved $8.98 billion, vov+38.3 per cent, of which $4.1 billion, $3.9 billion were generated by general automation, $3.9 billion by the new energy automobiles industry, and 60 per cent by yoy, respectively. The automation operations were notably warming and were driven by demand in the ports, wind power, batteries, etc.
The company’s Māori rate has fallen by 2.86 pcts to 30.98% over the same period, but the company’s current cost ratio is the same as that of the company’s start-up of the sixth generation of power in R&D, with a coded human robotic track. The company’s future will focus on new energy vehicle market opportunities, both within and outside the country, and increase its market share. The company will start in the second half of 2025.
In addition, in 2024, a team was formed to cover core components such as low-pressure high-power drives, borderless rectangulators and modules, planetary roller staves, etc.
Research and development, and prototype design. So far, the company has initially built the ecological connection of human robotics, and will focus on solutions in the industrial field. Given the company’s leading edge in industrial machines, humans, and core parts, we see that the company benefits from the intellectual wave.
The source car business is in the harvest period, and the company moves toward high-end manufacturing such as human robots, giving the company “buy-in” investment advice. Markets are not warm enough to meet expectations, and overseas market expansion is blocked.