The new energy vehicle business has grown, the strategic deployment of human robotics, the new energy vehicle technology (300124.sz) has grown, and there is a clear advantage in the generic automation business.
At the operational level, in 2024, the company's new energy automobile business received $16 billion, an increase of 70 per cent in the same year, and its clients' fixed points continued to rise, with a new energy vehicle & track interface of 2025q1 achieving $3.9 billion, a growth of the same amount.
Initiating the industrial ai technology with the goal of changing the "manufacturing" by "intellectual" . In the year of sports control, the company officially deployed human robotics and started research and development of some core components.
Human R & D capacity for key spare parts is expected to explore new growth points. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect net return profits for companies in 2025-2027 to be different risk factors: industry demand is not as high as expected; technology variability risks; raw material price waves
\triangleright super-expected risk; environmental and safe production risks, etc.
I don't know what you're talking about, cindasecuritiesco.
Yao Yunfeng, a Master of Arts at the University of Khatami, formerly employed in Chinese and Chinese securities, and in gold securities, is now mainly involved in the new energy lithium battery track study. Sun Sun, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for industrial control.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.