Shanghai Medicines (601607.sh) - Shanghai Medicines (601607.sh) Annual Report, net profit of $4.297 billion, an increase of 7.40%.
• Firm growth in corporate income and improved commercial profitability. The company achieved business income in 2022, of which the industrial plate contributed $2.247 billion, an increase of 10.55 per cent over the same period; the commercial plate
The firm’s 14 billion-dollar surge has been successful, and the successful introduction of Yunnan’s drugs as a strategic investor has provided important support for optimizing the equity structure and deepening the reform of state enterprises. Strong joint efforts will also make full use of their respective industries.
Over the reporting period, the three parties have taken the lead in initiating cooperation in the area of Chinese medicine resources.
The first group of eight varieties of Chinese medicine was identified and promoted to ensure a stable supply of Chinese medicine and to effectively reduce the cost of raw materials.
Investment Recommendations: Shanghai Medicine is a large, business- and business-intensive pharmaceutical company, corporate resources are rich, innovative drug line varieties are on the market, and the effectiveness of the ongoing reforms will gradually be demonstrated. We anticipate that companies will continue to grow steadily despite difficulties, and that management costs will decrease to improve the quality of their profits.
In 2022, the domestic situation was repeated, international conflicts intensified, pressure on health-care spending increased, and the pharmaceutical market became more volatile. Corporate performance remained positive, influenced by a combination of multiple uncertainties. Among these, income grew by 7.49 per cent over the year, net profit on the basis of maternity increased by 10.28 per cent over the year, net profit on the basis of non-mortality increased by 7.40 per cent over the same year.
A slight improvement in the quality of corporate profits has largely benefited from a decline in management costs. In 2022, the company achieved a net interest rate of 3.01 per cent, an increase of 0.10 percentage points; the Māori rate of 13.14 per cent, a decrease of 0.09 percentage points, mainly an increase in the share of business income; and marketing, accelerated expansion of corporate R&D pipelines, with innovation on the verge of harvest.
By the end of 2022, 62 new drug lines had been accepted and entered into subsequent clinical research, including 50 innovative drugs (including 3 in the US Clinical ii) and 12 improved new drugs. Of the innovative drug lines, 2 have submitted or listed applications and 6 are in the critical research or clinical ii phase.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.