Medical recovery led to improved performance, innovative R & D in the harvest period
Events: The company issued its first quarterly report in 2023, with a gross operating income of $66,226 million for 2023q1, an increase of 16.39 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was $1,518 million, an increase of 21.31 per cent over the same period; the profit from business grew faster as the company benefited from the recovery of medical treatment.
The profits were 708 million yuan, representing an increase of 19.07% in the same year; the profits from business contributed 861 million yuan, which contributed to the recovery of clinical services, and a marked improvement in corporate industry and business profits.
During the harvest period, i001 clinical trials of ii on hypertensive stress adaptive disorders met the expected results. i008-a AIDS chronic anomalous immunology has submitted a request for a pre-nda/conditional communication.
Medicines are another focus of the industrial sector: they have a long history of brands such as Chinese medicine, Chinese medicine, Chinese medicine, Chinese medicine, Chinese medicine, and Chinese medicine.
The country's largest distributor of imported medicines builds a one-stop management service. In pharmaceutical distribution boards, companies invest in building innovative pharmaceutical service platforms that provide global pharmaceutical firms with a full supply of innovative products covering the four main areas of pre-market cooperation, import and export services, national distribution, and innovation added value.
One-stop management service. In the first quarter of 2023, the sales of innovative tablets increased by about 300 per cent in relative depth. 28 per cent, with the successful introduction of seven import-generation varieties.
Investment proposals: the corporate industry has a two-pronged focus on innovation and Chinese medicine, with a relatively rapid growth in the number of priority varieties; business has benefited from a recovery in diagnostics, with a marked recovery in the pace of growth. We appreciate the deepening of the corporate sector in the Shanghai Annual Medical Report 2023-3-31: robust growth in performance and effect of reforms
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.