Shanghai Medicine (601607), Medicine Biochemistry, Innovative R & D is about to harvest, and the Clouds Up Coalition is accelerating the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
A steady growth in performance and a steady increase in R & D inputs. Income splits show that the pharmaceutical industry has achieved sales revenues of 26,76 billion yuan (+6.6%), of which 60 priority varieties have generated sales revenues of 15,73 billion yuan (+13.1%); and the pharmaceutical industry: a new engine of growth is about to start.
The research and development of new medicines has made ground-breaking progress, and the harvest period is approaching. By the end of 2022, three innovative drugs had been placed on the market, two new drugs of category 1 had entered the declaration stage, and 62 new lines of treatment for clinical applications had entered the subsequent clinical research phase, including 50 innovative drugs (including 3 in the US clinical period) and improved new drugs.
12. Of the innovative drug line, two applications have been submitted or listed, and six are in the critical research or clinical iii phase. 2) The Shanghai, Yunnan and Tianjin Alliance for Medicines has been accelerated. Eight varieties of Chinese medicine have been identified and promoted to ensure Chinese medicine.
The three parties will work together in such areas as joint procurement of Chinese medicinal materials, co-construction of the Gap base, medical commerce, the otc channel area, health goods, research and development, and supply chains.
The distribution network of companies covers 31 provinces, municipalities directly under the Central Government and autonomous regions of the country, directly covering 25 provinces, municipalities directly under the Central Government and autonomous regions, covering more than 32,000 health-care establishments, retail networks in 16 provinces and municipalities of the country and the total number of retail pharmacies.
In the case of imported vaccine agents, the company achieved sales revenue of approximately $4.4 billion over the reporting period, which is roughly the same as last year. 3) Non-pharmacological operations such as high health of boosters.
Shanghai Medicines (601607): Three-quarter performances match the forecast of 34.1 billion (+40%). 4) China’s leading “Internet+” pharmaceutical commercial science and technology platform is being built. The health of the upper cloud, characterized by high-value, drug-specific and prescription-flowing platforms, is pushing forward with wheel financing.
2. Shanghai Medicines (601607): The health of magnesium letters, which have become rich in new pharmaceutical lines (2022-09-09), has grown steadily and completed the c+ round of financing last year.
No compensation of any kind will be obtained, directly or indirectly, from the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.