1. "Shanghai Medicines " : Innovative Medicines on the Employing Time, Changing Prices in Flows " .
After the epidemic, the net profits of the commercial and industrial sectors increased by 15 per cent and 21 per cent. (1) Company 1023, the pharmaceutical industry collected $7.8 billion, an increase of 12.6 per cent over the same period (60 priority items).
Revenue from sales of $4.6 billion. Growth of 13.84 per cent in the same year): contribution of profits of $708 million.
(i) The company invested $547 million in research and development, an increase of 15.80 per cent over the same period.
The project is at the critical stage of research or clinical phase 3. (2) The new generation of oral non-peptide renalin inhibitors (sph 3127), as the company ' s first autonomous development of 1.1 new drugs, has three adaptive conditions in the post-clinic stage and three for hypertensive disorders.
They also show significant effects in two cases of inflammatory intestinal and diabetic renal diseases.
(2) The company brings together eight core Chinese pharmaceutical companies, with Chinese brands such as Xindang, Xinyung and Hu Qingyu Hall, and their products such as the old Chinese brand and the Lei Podan, the stomach recovery spring, the Angknoll, the coronary, the anti-old-age film.
After the company’s 10 billion-dollar increase in the reform of the Yunnan White Drug Cooperation, the Chinese medicine plate, with a variety of national secret formulas and Chinese drug protection, will usher in a new stage in the re-establishment of values. Overseas expansion, internationalization, and diversification.
Four specifications from the Changzhou pharmaceutical plant, Raishhutatin calcium tablets, were approved for listing in the Philippines. (2) Innovative pharmaceutical service platforms, with an increase of about 28 per cent in the sales of 1q23 innovative tablets in comparison with the previous year, resulted in the introduction of seven import-generation varieties. (3) Increased construction of the imported vaccine end-use extension team.
The terminal extension team has increased to 340. (4) Strengthening new non-pharmaceutical business expansion, equipment, we maintain profit projections, and the company is expected to achieve the risk of less than expected new drug boosts, less value for goodwill and less than anticipated strategic cooperation in 2023/24/25.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market