It's clear that leading companies will show elasticity.
Thanks to hpc demand, mobile phones, pc demand recovery for replacement-led storage, and demand structural improvements, the price rings of 1q24nand and dram recorded an increase of more than 10%. After 4q23, the recovery trend in the storage industry is more clear. Looking ahead, aipc, ai, and so on.
The penetration rate of his products has continued to rise, and it is expected that the generic memory of hardware products running large local models will reach or exceed 16 gb, while the demand for noorflash has increased in parallel, maintaining 2024 industry events, and the elasticity of the performance of leading firms will continue to emerge from the seasonal upswing.
As a leader in domestic storage, MMI is now a platform-based company that stores +mcu+ sensors, and is expected to continue to benefit domestic import substitution and the growing demand for semiconductors in the long term. The impact of weak consumer electronic demand, such as mobile phones, pc, and the noorflash industry continues to fall.
After more than a year of industry going down, the recent recovery of downstream mobile phones and pc demand has been accompanied by a drop in storage prices since 4q23 and a general increase of more than 10% in the seasons recorded in 1q24. Looking forward to 2024, niche products such as a server, aipc, ai mobile phones will be further developed.
The demand for storage products rises. We expect the pc, cellular storage capacity to exceed 16gb on board (local large model), and the penetration rate of the aipc, ai cell phone will increase significantly by 2025, leading to a two-digit increase in storage capacity over the next two years. The supply and demand structure of the industry has improved further.
With $5.8 billion in revenue, yoy fell by 29 per cent, net profits by $155 million, yoy by 92 per cent, discounts by $380 million and inventory impairments by 49 million, and the company's net profits by 4q23 are estimated to be about $100 million, and the ring is flat.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.