Momentum innovation (603986.sh): 2023q4 performance short-term pressure, storage and mcu long-term development good reporting reasons: performance rating
Summary of events: On January 26, 2024, a performance forecast for 2023 was issued by MIG, with expected operating income of $5,766 million (-29.08 per cent yoy) in 2023, a net return to the mother of $155 million (-92.45 per cent yoy), a net deduction from the mother of the company, a decline in the sale price of the company's products and the Māori rate as a whole and an increase in the volume of the company's products.
Prices have been falling, as well as weak demand in the downstream mobile phone market and declining global output of smartphones. Despite the downside of product prices, corporate sensor business increased on a par in 2023, market share has also increased, core competitiveness of corporate sensor products has not changed, sensor product prices are currently at the bottom of the region, and as demand has warmed back, product grossness is expected to rise.
The price of the company’s q3 storage product recovered slightly in 2023, and the mcu harvest stabilized. Four quarters of the season was a traditional light season, with the company’s 1.0 trillion easy innovation (603986): a positive increase in the q4 crop in 2023, with a small 4% decline in the ring.
The production of upgraded products, cyclically leading innovation, mcu and sensor operations have shown a steady state, with noorflash having a record high output and a high rate of city occupancy; liki dram and slcnand prices have experienced a small warming; and mcu has a large base in 2021 and 2022.
As the storage market is stylish and national production is substituting, after a major retreat in the first half of 2023, the fourth quarter is steady; the sensor's delivery in 2023 achieved the depth of the UE Fongchen — semiconductor industry
Good growth and higher price declines. Overall, product prices fell more in 2023 as a result of the cycle, q4 gradually looking forward to 2024, with good price trends in storage and mcu business development as the sector’s inventory was deflated and consumer demand warmed. 1) Noorflash, in the area of high-end electronic consumer applications in industry, vehicles and large capacity, returns with consumer demand.
Annual nand prices are expected to continue rising; niche products are expected to rise significantly in 2024, while, in the case of ddr4, ddr3l, lpdddr4 products are expected to be produced by the company, with a steady yield guarantee through close cooperation with the surrogate, and a 2024 profit margin.
Products are expected to gradually obtain market orders; 4) mcu, where the structure of the company ' s products continues to be optimized, downstream applications account for an increasing share of the industry, and Mcu operations are expected to return to warmer in the future as the inventory of high-quality customers in downstream industries is de-drawn and the landscape recovers, adding to the increase in the volume of products delivered in the areas of consumption and pre-car appliance.
Investment proposals: The company’s products cover the lower end of the high school market, and as the product of the company expands to the upper and middle-end industry, the car sector, and the proportion of self-research branded drams increases, the company is expected to produce a sufficient number of alternatives for beneficiary countries.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.