East China Air (600115) Transportation Inner Lines and Cargo High Scene Cycles, q2 Losses and Shortfalls, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2021, with 2021h1 generating 34.7 billion yuan (+38%), corresponding to a net profit of 52 billion yuan (the same period in 20 years - 8.5 billion yuan) and a net profit not attributable to the mother - 56 billion yuan.
By 2021, h1, the foreign exchange sensitivity of the company was about 240 million yuan (per 1 per cent of the dollar vs. the renminbi). The company invested 45 per cent of its share in the upper half-time operational level of the East Asian logistics, with a higher demand for q2 than in 19 years, but there was still a gap between 21H1 as a whole and the same period in 19 years.
Ask was 89.5 billion kilometres in the first half of the year (20 years + 13 per cent in the same year and 19-35 per cent in the same year); rpk was 125/14 per cent in the same year, and rpk was 96 per cent.3 per cent in the same year.
21-H1, with a total deduction of 14%, a decrease of 11pp from the same year. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we're looking forward to a profit repair in 2022 in the airline industry.
The company’s headquarters are located in Shanghai, one of the three major Chinese State-owned carriers, and its predecessor dates back to the first flight squadron set up by the former Civil Aviation Administration in Shanghai in January 1957.
As a member of the Tiancong Alliance, the network of routes to the east reaches 1,036 destinations in 170 countries and regions around the world, serving more than 130 million passengers worldwide every year, with passenger traffic ranking among the top 10 countries in the world.
In October 2020, the East Air Group announced the formal implementation of the stock diversification reform. The East Air Group’s current stock diversification reform will introduce the China Life Insurance Company, Shanghai Kuge Ltd., and China Life Insurance Corporation.
Four major replenishments, China Tourism Group Ltd. and China's New Asset Management Ltd., combined, amount to $31 billion. When this equity reform is completed, the EAG asset-liability ratio will be significantly reduced, providing a strong strategic boost and financial security for subsequent development.
This boosted the level of industry-wide consumption of aviation tourism. Figure 1: China’s East China Stock Structure 1.2 Relying on the heart of the long triangle economy, the network of routes has a differentiated advantage
Figure 14: China’s Global Route Network for the 19th summer and autumn seasons, the first in Shanghai, the second in Shanghai, and the second in Shanghai, the two main hubs in Beijing. The company accounted for more than 50% of the time in Shanghai, and only 36% of the time in the airport followed the South.
As China’s major economic centre and international shipping centre, Shanghai has been closely associated with Asia-Pacific and Europe-United States regions for about two to five hours from Shanghai to major cities in Asia, for about 10 to 12 hours from the west coast of Europe and North America, and for two hours with a rich circle of resources covering 80% of China.
The first 100 major cities, 54 per cent of national resources, 90 per cent of the population, 93 per cent of the gdp output and much of East Asia. 1.3 The pace of the introduction of air fleets slowed considerably over the next three years.
According to the latest semi-annual report, the company's plan for the introduction of aircraft has changed, with the company planning to introduce 14 aircraft in 2023, to withdraw 16 aircraft and to reduce significantly compared to the previous plan for the introduction of 57 aircraft, and the company's fleet size2 has been in the middle of the three flights since 2023.
The level of profit from the three major flights is in the middle, and there is room for improvement in the future cost structure, with the expectation that performance will return to normal 3. Beta: short-term digestion of redundancy, medium-term demand and supply relationship to good 3.1 demand: short-term coverage, medium-term reliance on localization of the tourism market
In the medium term, the rapid recovery of the domestic tourism market is key to the reversion of domestic civil aviation performance. Tourism consumption is sticky, domestic tourism becomes a long-term consumption habit, and consumer structure changes drive industry upwards.
The demand for domestic travel is structural in the medium term: travel as a consumer is a process of consumption habits and sticky breeding. The country’s tourism industry has ample space and time to develop, our country has vast national resources and marine resources, tourist destinations are sinking to three or four-line cities, and travel destinations are gradually shifting from traditional sites to smaller ones.
From a medium-term perspective of three to five years, the limited availability of international travel resources and the depth of development in the domestic market are likely to reshape the concept of tourism consumption. From a post-00 perspective, the recognition of the domestic market by the new generation is higher than that of all age groups, and we have every reason to believe that the rapid growth of the domestic tourism market has come.
Civil aviation needs are directly linked to macroeconomic highs, with civil aviation magnification factors of about 1.5 per cent. Based on the 2021 gdp acceleration rate of 8.4 per cent, calculated on the basis of a 1.52-fold magnification factor of rpk of gdp.
The redundancy caused by the suspension of cross-border routes and the mismatch of supply and demand structures are the essence of the airline’s short-term dilemma. But, on a long-term cycle, the demand for controlled cross-border travel, limited by national epidemiological control policies, is frictionary, and the speed of air travel may be more than expected, but as macroeconomics are at a low level, the recovery of travel demand is more certain.
On the micro-base, we believe that civil aviation rpk will remain highly anchored in total economic output in the future, and that it will continue to look at air currents. Figure 29: Regulatory cycles and capacity (millions of kilometres) deceleration of fleet growth during the "145" period. By the end of 2020, the industry had 92 airlines and 3989 flights.
We believe that China’s 14th Civil Aviation Development Direction is, first, an improvement in the efficiency of aircraft utilization, and, second, the optimization of fleet structure and passenger cabin layout. Raising the share of low-cost air traffic in volume is key to achieving efficiency gains.
By the end of 2020, 668 commercial aircraft and more than 1,500 passenger shipping routes had been operated by the airline masters. The airline owners have 12 passenger licence plates, 2 outside the country, 4 shipping plates, and 3 official aircraft.
In particular, civil aviation operates in a manner that is particularly private, and further integration of the Hainan air fleet and the resources of the route helps to concentrate the share head-to-head and improve the supply pattern of the industry. 3.3 Short-term supply and demand pressures, with improved supply and demand structures in the post-epidemiology era, are expected to improve.
Short-term redundancy boosts the pressure on the balance of supply and demand, which is expected to reverse in 2022. We believe that the pressure on the balance of supply and demand will be high in 2021 and that the pressure on supply and demand will be effectively mitigated in 2022. The main reasons are as follows: 1) the civil aviation fleet grew by more than 10% in 2021 compared to 2019, and the industry as a whole is still expanding its capacity.
(a) Inter-sections (2021 and 2021), where the size of the fleet has increased at a downwards rate: 2) international flights have been transferred back to the country at large and, for example, about 35 per cent of international flights have been re-routed, the three main international flights have been operated on a wide-body basis, and international transport has been diverted to the home country, resulting in a surge in supply;
3) In terms of demand, the extent to which these needs can translate into effective domestic rpk is highly uncertain when the demand for international travel is limited. In terms of domestic demand alone, data for the same 20-year period show a very high increase due to a low base, but the increase in the same year is limited, compared to the average daily passenger population for the normal 19-year period.
Five hundred and four thousand, an increase of 0.3 per cent in 19 years. Since May, the orderly release of public demand for travel has remained highly relevant to the prevention and control of the epidemic, and we believe that when vaccination coverage exceeds 60 to 70 per cent of the area, a full demand for travel can be expected.
While it is difficult to absorb the pressure, the counter-seas division’s performance has been reversed, we believe that the outbreak has also objectively accelerated the pace of vaccinations, and that the critical point of release of travel needs has emerged ahead of time. Inoculation rates, travel restrictions have been significantly reduced, and international routes or orderly liberalization in mid-2022.
For example, in 2019 there were 1,413.8 million seats, of which 11174,256.691 million seats were held at the national/international/regional level and about 20% at the international/regional level (meaning that international seats were returned to the national level for the whole).
At least 20% increase in the number of seats. In 2019, 58%/42% of domestic/international + area ask, according to ask. Longer international routes, with overall efficiency compared to domestic flights, can be calculated from 19 years that international/regional seating is about twice as efficient as domestic routes, and more than double the actual efficiency if international routes are transferred back home.
In a 1.5-fold calculation, overseas transport transfers back to the country are about 36% higher for the company as a whole. Taken together with the above analysis of the supply and demand of the airline industry, we believe that the short-term depends on the pace of international/domestic vaccinations, the localization of tourism markets in the medium term, the recovery of macroeconomics in the long term, and an increase in aviation penetration.
Intra-aviation markets need to gradually absorb the relative excess capacity of the international transition, so short-term supply and demand pressures, shipping failures and pressures, the emergence of industrial supply stops in 2022, a significant increase in vaccination rates, a gradual recovery in international travel, supply and demand. Scissors decline until demand is slightly larger than supply, and supply and demand patterns are expected to improve continuously.
P/b or v/ebitda is better suited to the industry than p/e, peg valuation system, which is characterized by high operating leverage and high financial leverage, higher depreciation amortization costs, higher profit volatility, p/e valuation system that cannot effectively price in the context of industry losses, and, in addition to equity returns, the industry is equally concerned about capital.
The company’s future perspective is as follows: 1) At the end of the demand side, the aviation industry’s recovery of demand is constrained in the short term by the global epidemic/vaccination penetration, as a result of which p/b and the ev/eibitda valuation method, excluding depreciation amortization, are more practical and comparable for the Department of Air Operations.
In the medium term, however, domestic tourism, facilitated by the closed doors of the country during the period of the epidemic, has become a consumer inertia, the airline industry has benefited from an accelerated increase in local tourism penetration, and we appreciate the long-term growth of China's aviation industry. 2) At the supply end, the main fleet of drivers grew by less than 6 per cent during the 14th Five-Year Planner period, while the sea navigation reorganization constrained its expansion of power, and the industry's supply and demand patterns are expected to improve.
The air industry has entered a high-quality development phase, and growth has become more economical. We appreciate that the airline industry will be recovering in 2022 on a profitable basis, and that the valuations are expected to be repaired.
2) macroeconomic risks; 3) oil price risks, the general absence of fuel hedging strategies by the Department of National Aviation and the high volatility of operating profits from oil prices; 4) major international disputes, wars, terrorist attacks, etc.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.