China ' s chemical (601117) architecture continued to improve in July, suggesting a left-hand layout for the south-west securities research and development centre.
In July, the company issued an announcement on its operations data, and in January-July 2017, the company signed new contracts totalling 499.15 long-term (Brunei) contracts for goods for petrochemical projects, with a contract value of 700 million yuan.
This year, the company seized a large number of overseas orders, including about $1 billion for Pakistan ' s 50mw wind power project, $8.09 billion for Russia ' s oil refining project, $2.4 billion for Indonesia ' s coal-fired power station project, and $1.18 billion for Georgia ' s gas combined cycle power station project.
The share of overseas orders has been around 50% since 2016. While companies benefit from a new oil industry expansion cycle in the country, they are active in opening larger offshore markets, and future orders are expected to start expanding at an equal rate of business earnings, with the point of business showing up, suggesting a left-hand layout. The company accumulates at the end of June.
With an income of $25.43 billion, an increase of 2.2 per cent over the same period, for the first time in 26 months, the increase was positive, with a cumulative increase of $2.891 billion in July, well above the recognized revenue of $28.891 billion. We believe that the newly signed single amount is the “water tank” of the company's future performance and that the new signed single amount exceeds the recognized revenue amount, indicating that the company will grow well in the future.
In December 2015, the company and the Kazakhstan Petroleum Industries Corporation signed the Kazakhstan Gas Chemical Complex.
The project has not progressed well due to funding problems. The owner’s financing has now been completed. The company is actively promoting the project.
With the entry into force of the contract after the completion of the financing, it is expected that the contract will boost the company’s revenue in the coming years: the risk of a change in the geopolitical landscape: the risk of interest rate hikes.
There has been no significant increase in the number of orders (2017-03-23) and no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) holds the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.