The three-quarterly report by Warluhingl (600426) says that overall profitability is still strong, oil prices are strong, and the company's cost advantage for coal is expected to be significant.
The three-quarterly company announcement achieved business income of $10,849 million in the first three quarters, i.e. +50.00 per cent for the previous three quarters; net profit on repatriation of $2,535 million, i.e. +198.95 per cent, net profit on deductions of $2,536 million, i.e. +199.47 per cent for the third quarter.
The decline was mainly due to a small fall in prices for some of the company ' s products, such as acetic acid, dmf, and a small reduction in the price spread during the reporting period, but historically, the company ' s profit rate was higher than in the second quarter and the company ' s overall profitability remained high during the reporting period.
600426: Two seasons with strong performance, three quarters with still higher expectations, historic highs and a global return to high oil prices.
Companies are expected to benefit over a long period of time.” Corporate management advantages persist, with a decline in all three rates.
Meta/tonne, ring ratio - 2.54%, +21.82%. In May of this year, part of the fertilizer functionalization project was put into production, and urea was based on coal and coal. Through water syrup gas, it had advantages in terms of process, technology, management, etc. The product was a leader in the industry.
The RMB/tonne, ring ratio - 10.36 per cent, corresponding ratio - 1.43 per cent, the average price for dmf products in East China in the three quarters was $5815/t, the price difference for dmf-methanol was $1355/t, and the company ' s domestic market share of the product was more than 30 per cent through cost-leading strategies and brand advantage, and was more competitive.
In the case of acetic acid and derivatives, the company sold 1,687 million tons in three quarters, ring + 7.04 per cent, same year + 2.80 per cent at an average price of $3865 per ton, ring + 8.82 per cent, same year +58.95 per cent, three-quarters average price of acetic acid in the East China region is $4,465 per ton, acetic acid-methanol price difference of $2673 per ton, and gas prices as the global return to high oil prices coincides with the winter heating season.
The company’s price differentials for coal-headed acetic acid will continue to grow, and the company’s overall prices for adipic acids and polyols will remain stable.
The company’s 500,000-ton coal-based ethanol production unit has recently reached a 70-per-cent steady rate of transport, producing excellent products. In 2017, we produced 1,445 million tons of ethanol, which is far from being fully productive. In 2017, the country’s total domestic production capacity was 8.32 million tons, yielding 57.14 million tons, and imports 8.75 million tons.
As the world returns to high oil prices, the price of ethanol rises, the price differentials in corporate coal ethanol are expected to grow, and profitability is expected to grow. Against the backdrop of a global return to high oil prices and the continuing devaluation of the renminbi, corporate coalification costs have been highlighted, and in the future, they are expected to increase.
Many products are expected to benefit from a wider range of prices. We look forward to the strong cost advantages of the company in the field of deep-cultivation coal industry, the mounds of the river, while the company's park is on the second set of designated chemical parks in Shandong, and 1.5 million tons of new materials are already in the Academy's sales team.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.