One season of high innovation, the Meg project is on schedule.
During the reporting period, the company achieved $10,849 million, or +50.0 per cent, in three quarterly reports in 2018; achieved a net profit on maternity, which was 2,535 million; achieved a record high in the first quarter, with a slightly narrower net profit ring. q3 quarter harvest ratio +297 million, a gross cost ring ratio + 322 million, an operating profit ring ratio - 103 million, and a net profit ring ratio - 91 million.
On the revenue side, the total revenue ratio of the five major products disclosed in the company ' s business data bulletin + 246 million, products other than those disclosed in the business data bulletin The source of financial prosperity in the east (e.g. methanol, liquid ammonia, nitric acid, etc.), for example, in 2017 single q3, the business data bulletin discloses that the total revenue for products other than the main products is limited.
Of the main products, the bulletin shows that the products that contribute more to the growth of the income are fertilizers (rings + 192 million) and organamine (rings + 60 million). The value of the units sold in the commercial data bulletins in reverse: fertilizer ring ratio - 254 per cent, organochlorine ring ratio and liquid ammonia (+5.21 per cent) have increased by an average ring ratio, and we do not assume that the external sales of methanol and liquid ammonia have changed much as urea yields increase.
In Qin Island, the power-driven coal mountain production, the tobacco ring ratio + 1.19 per cent (to take the island of Qin, which is 5,500 ) is significantly lower than the cost of the company ' s actual operating quarterly ring increase, while the cost of coal is the company ' s largest cost (about 40 per cent in 2017). Of the other major raw materials, the price increase for acrylic and pure benzene is less than 30 million, so we judge that the company ' s cost increase in the third quarter is mainly higher.
In the amount of 79.16 million tonnes, 88.7 million tonnes and 97.7 million tonnes, we have judged that the overall gasification/amino platform load of the company has increased on a quarterly basis, that we have tested in a certain way our previous assumptions about the space available to upgrade the capacity of the platform and, accordingly, have contributed to a quarterly increase in the volume of production and sales (not to 7094 tonnes, 771.69 tonnes and 94.35 tonnes).
On the cost side, the company’s three-quarter operating tax surcharges and three-quarters total $168 million, the ring ratio-0.05 million basic maintenance, and the asset impairment loss ring/tonne, which is at one time amounted to $5,600/t in the second quarter and has risen since the fall of 09. The price of acetic acid has recovered since September, and will remain high at a later stage, mainly because, on the one hand, the new capacity in the pta-pet industry chain will increase demand and on the other hand, the new acetic acid will continue to grow in 2018-2019.
Supply increases are likely to be only 350,000 tons, making it less difficult to meet the natural growth in new pta production and other downstream consumption. Markets are more concerned about environmental protection.
Not significant: domestic flaring capacity accounts for 15 per cent of total production (60 per cent of which is in the production-limit area of the heating season) and 14 per cent of the total, while the rise in the production limit of coke and natural gas in the gas shortage is expected to lead to higher methanol prices, with synthetic ammonia in a pattern similar to methanol, with average prices of 3263 kyats (q4+11 per cent as compared with last year) and 3494 kt (q4+22 per cent as compared to last year); the company ' s total current prices have been 3263 kyats (methanol and synthetic ammonia) since the fourth quarter, respectively;
A total of 1.7 million tonnes/year of ammonia, with most of the main export products such as urea, acetic acid, organochlorine, etc. being downstream of ammonia, the 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project is expected to contribute to the increase in performance. According to the General Customs Administration, ethanol imports for the first six months of 2018 were 505.68 \triangleright
Not much. Considering that the ethanol project has invested about $2.67 billion, and that the single ton investment is still only 0.53 million yuan per ton, and that the unit ton depreciation is about $270 per ton lower than the original 50,000 tons (investment of $450 million), while taking into account that the new project has barely increased manual and utility engineering efficiency, the full cost of ethanol is expected to fall to $4,000 per ton after its completion; and that the average price of ethanol for the first three quarters of the ethanol sector has increased to $7,560 yuan per ton, despite the recent rise in the chain of polyester industry.
7750 yuan per ton, a recent decline in the overall impact of the polyester industry chain, with a net profit of about 1,700 yuan per ton after deduction of income tax, based on an average ethanol price of 7250 yuan per ton (company discount of 250 and sale of 7,000 tons), offset by a corresponding reduction in sales of methanol (one ton of synthetic gas consumption of approximately 2450 tons)
In addition, we believe that the sale of one ton of ethylene ethylene ethylene glycol in the domestic industry was released in June of this year, with four drafting units, Yin Mountain petrochemicals, and implemented as of 1 December of this year, with the company listed as coal ethylene ethylene, both industry and company.
It is confident in the company ' s coal-based ethanol technology, process stability and product quality, and since last year it has performed on its clients ' mats at a rate exceeding 20 per cent, benefiting from the long-term trend of increasing oil and coal prices, and from the 1.5 million tons of new green chemical materials produced annually (1.5 million tons of ethanol, precision ethyl acid, ammonia, ammonium and nylons) to be selected for the first selection of the new and old dynamic energy bank in Shandong (by company) for major projects.
The historical average of 6% of the roa level, and the expected increase in the value of investment in the $10 billion project after the end of the year, will generate 600 million dollars in additional profits) for 18 years of industry, with high price fluctuations for products: new products sold below expectations. Note: elaborate on why we assume that the amount of methanol sold out of the company and liquid ammonia has not decreased in three quarters.
The output, the company's indication that it produces almost all methanol outlet, the other product plate collection ratio +550 million, at 2520 Methanol tax average, corresponds to a new methanol outlet of about 200,000 tons, 800,000 tons per year, plus 150,000 tons that would otherwise have been purchased out, with an annualized yield of 950,000 tons, a basic match indicating that the price and sales changes in methanol are indeed reflected in “other products”; this year q3, the other product block collection ratio + 5.6 per cent, methanol and liquid ammonia season.
The average price of the ring + 4.4%, +5.2%, and a basic match, indicates that the amount of methanol and liquid ammonia outlet has not decreased. On this basis, the company’s main output q2 and q3 have maintained a 10-percent rate of growth in the ring this year, indicating that the total output of the company has indeed increased, and that the large increase in the volume of coal outsourcing (coal prices have not increased) in combination with three seasons of operations is indirectly indicative of the increase in the volume of coal outsourcing, which is largely verifiable.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Zhang Ming-hoon Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, 2 years of experience in chemical industries, in basic chemical industries, Liu Woo-Chou, since October 2015
Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space + Bachelor of Laws, cfa.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, PhD in Chemical Engineering, Ohio State University, United States of America, cfa holder, three years of experience in chemical industry.
Both undergraduate and M.A. are in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development, and analyze their own research views. Any part of their remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies