The three-quarterly review of the performance of the company's coal-chemical champions, who nearly tripled net profits, issued a three-quarter performance forecast on 26 October 2018, with a net profit of 2,535 million won in the previous three quarters attributable to the owner of the company.
This represents an increase of 198.95 per cent over the same period in the previous year; operating income of $10,849 million, an increase of $50.00 per cent over the same period in the previous year; and high growth in company performance during the reporting period, which largely benefited from average sales of company-owned products compared to the same period in the previous year
Higher, in addition to the company ' s ability to control the technological advantage of gasification platforms, the company ' s operating income grew at a much faster rate (50 per cent) than the cost increase (26 per cent) during the reporting period. Nitrogen fertilizer was sold at 134.47 million tons and the price of acetic acids rose sharply during the period; organamine was sold at 27.19 million tons and generated 1,567 million; and adipic acids and intermediates.
During the reporting period, the prices of the products in question increased from the same period last year, owing to cost-driven factors such as industry start-up rates and environmental protection, especially urea, which has risen significantly in recent years, and acetic acid prices. During this period, the company accelerated the construction of the project, and the follow-up of the 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project is well under way.
With 500,000 tons of new capacity in production, there is much room for company growth. Last year, the company put in place the equivalent of 1 million tons of ammonia production capacity, the new gasification platform reached 3.2 million tons of postpartum ammonia, which will effectively reduce the cost of the follow-up products and further increase the company’s capacity.
Profitability and combined competitiveness, and laying the foundation for the production of 500,000 tons of ethanol projects. Companies, as good domestic coal-chemicals firms, build on core clean gas technologies, build technology and industrial platforms for sustainable development, and have significant advantages in corporate cost control and management capacity.
The firm's core competitive advantage will be further strengthened by the fact that it is now estimated to be low, with significant advantages, and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Open Source Securities Inc. has its own qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively and with due diligence and professionalism. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received any recommendations or views in this report either directly or indirectly.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.