Walluheungl (60426.sh) 500,000 tonnes of ethanol project was successfully launched, taking into account the cost advantages of coal-chemical taps.
The process, which is 70% of the load, is running steadily, producing an excellent product and entering the experimental production phase. Currently, ethanol imports are dependent on nearly 60% of the country, and with 500,000 tonnes of ethanol, the company will be able to produce 550,000 tonnes of ethanol per year, becoming the largest producer of ethanol from the coal-chemical synthesizing gas route in the country, and the company will become the largest producer of ethanol.
To benefit fully from the vast space for import substitution, and also from the upward shift in international oil prices, the company relies on advanced gasification technologies, whose downstream products give greater prominence to cost advantages, the company ' s performance is expected to rise to a new level, the value of the new ethanol project is high, and the future performance contribution is clear: the company ' s forward period of 50,000 tonnes/year.
On this basis, the company has accumulated relevant project experience and technical experience, with a total investment of 500,000 tonnes/year of ethanol, amounting to 2,674 million yuan, and a 40% reduction in the cost of construction of single tons of ethanol.
It takes less than three years to produce a good equivalent, with a significantly better value for money than the previous project. The original 50,000 tons of ethanol are at a full cost of less than 5,000 yuan per tonne, and the scale effect will be operational as the new capacity becomes available. The profitability is significant, and the net annualized profits of the company will be about 800 million yuan when the new project is completed.
Currently, there are many planned ethanol projects in the country, but they are limited to construction cycles, technological routes, and large supply gaps, and ethanol is expected to remain high in recent years.
Fertilizers and chemical products, mainly urea. Environmental policy and gas modification in the country, 17.5 per cent increase in gas sales in the first half of the 18th year, and natural liquefied prices, which inhibit the start-up rate of urea with supply side changes.
As a result, urea production decreased by 15% in the first eight months of the year, and urea prices remained high in 18 years. Moreover, Iran withdrew from India’s bidding process as a result of United States sanctions, while 30% of urea in India needed to be imported, leading to an increase in international urea prices, which currently stood at $2088 per ton, yoy
+26.9% ring rises by 9.7% over the third quarter, with nearly 30% of head urea production being further affected by the warming season to safeguard the population's gas use, and the price of urea in the post-market urea that is likely to rise and fall, coupled with the company's replacement and expansion of new and old urea production capacity in May 18, which will continue to stabilize the company's profits.
High price shocks in the coal industry, led by acetic acid, have ensured high performance throughout the year: the recent prices of Dmf, adipic acid, acetic acid, methanol, and octanol, respectively, have risen for most of the products, while the fall in dmf alone shows signs of a halt to a fall in the prices of vinegar in the near future.
Acid production capacity is limited over the next two years, overseas installations are old, malfunctioning and entering the overhaul cycle, and downstream demand, which accounts for 22% of the pta industry, is strong and is expected to maintain a longer-term climate cycle. The tight supply of and demand for heating gas during the winter will undoubtedly increase the price of methanol further, as well as the international price of oil.
The price of chemical products as a whole is supported by the company's coal product prices, which are expected to take advantage of the wind.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.