Five hundred thousand tons of ethanol were produced on a trial basis, benefiting from an increase in international oil prices. The Hualu Henglium 500,000 tons of ethanol project was launched into a production appraisal process, reaching 70 per cent of its load and operating steadily, producing excellent products and entering a trial production phase.
The company currently has a 50,000-ton/year ethanol demonstration project, which is in a stable state, and the current project is based on a tax rate of 7,500-ton, with a net gain of more than 1,000-ton ethanol per unit. Taking into account the amount invested in the demonstration project,
At about 600 million, with about half a million tonnes of new inputs invested in about 2.6 billion, the fixed cost of new projects is much smaller than the demonstration, and with 500,000 tonnes of projects tested into stable production in the future, the net one-ton gain is expected to be more profitable than the model project. Based on a 1,000 ton/ton net profit conservative estimate, the 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project is stable.
The unit, compared to the depth of 300 Acetic acid prices, continues to rebound, and the company’s performance relative to acetic acid prices are highly elastic, benefiting from the downstream polyester industry’s high profile, pta demand, and acetic acid prices are expected to run high.
Short-term highs of around $5,400 per ton in the second quarter, with a three-quarter rebound, with a low price of about $4,000 per ton. Three-quarters of demand, with a sustained rebound in September, the price of acetic acid now stands at approximately $4750 per ton. The company’s full cost of acetic acid is about $1,800 to $1900 per ton, and the level of profitability remains strong at current prices.
With a capacity of 600,000 tons of acetic acid, performance is more elastic to the price of acetic acid, and according to our valuation model, the price of acetic acid is increased by 1,000 yuan per ton, and the company pers is increased by about 0.23 dollars.
The company currently has three advanced water syrup gas platforms, which form a “one-way multi-line” co-production system, and currently has major capacity of 2.2 million tonnes/year of urea, 600,000 tonnes/year of acetic acid, dmf2.25 million/year, 200,000 tonnes/year of methamine, 250,000 tonnes/year of polyol (including 50,000 tonnes/year of ethanol), 160,000 tonnes/year of abstinence.
Geopolitics and global demand are influenced by factors such as rising prices in the future, and corporate products will benefit from higher production costs for chemical products driven by rising oil prices. 7.7x and 7.0x, with a “recommended” rating based on the dynamic level of about 18xpe in the chemical industry at the Schengen level.
The prices of the company’s products fluctuated over time and the production of ethanol was not as fast as expected.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized. Tumong was graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing) with a special specialization in chemical engineering and crafts and postgraduate studies in mineral processing (coalification). In July 2011, Cao Lili, Bachelor of Science in Applied Chemistry, Nakayama University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, joined the civil-life securitization chemical team in September 2017.
Xue Xue, Master of Chemistry, Qinghua University, joined the civil-life securitization industry team in May 2018. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.