The continued growth in the performance of the chemical industry is expected, and the future development of the company continues to be valued by the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company achieved revenue of 10.85 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 5.0 per cent in the same year, a net return of 2.53 billion yuan, an increase of 199 per cent in the same year.
The net profit was $850 million, an increase of 182.7 per cent over the same period, and a small decline of 9.7 per cent over the ring. The sales of the Māori market was 32.5 per cent, a significant increase of 12 percentage points over the same period, a decline of 3.5 percentage points over the same period, while the company ' s fixed asset impairment loss in the third quarter affected the pre-tax profit of 63 million yuan.
Tons, 24.5 per cent more than the same year, and we estimate that the industry averaged about 280 per cent more than the same period last year; in the same period, the average price of acetic acid in the Shandong region rose by 53.8 per cent in the third quarter, while the price of acetic acid-methanol was lower by 84.5 per cent compared to the same period last year, so that the large increase in the prices of urea and acetic acid was in the company's performance in the third quarter.
In addition, the company’s introduction of new urea capacity in the first half of the year led to an increase in urea sales in the first three quarters, and in fertilizer-type products in the previous three quarters by 21% and 17%, respectively. Overseas factors were added to domestic production restrictions, and urea prices were expected to rise.
The price of urea in the Middle East continued to rise to US$ 340-350/tonnefob, reaching a recent high. In 2017, China and Iran exported 2.5 million tons of urea in India, while the cessation of the supply of urea in Iran will further boost India’s failure to do so.
The price of bids for urea has increased, and India is expected to have about 2 million tons of tenders in the fourth quarter of this year, while international urea prices will have greater scope in the future, against the backdrop of rising demand for urea in South America and Europe, and future Middle East urea prices are expected to reach US$ 350-360 per ton.
The exchange rate of the national currency against the US dollar of 6.9 and the calculation of the shipping cost of approximately US$ 15/ton from China to the east coast of India will exceed US$ 2,500/ton for the offshore price of domestic urea manufacturers. At the same time, we judge that the start of coal headers will decline after entering the heating season, while the start of gas headers in the southwest will be severely limited.
The prices of urea are expected to continue to rise in the context of the increase in the price of cumulative agricultural products and winter reserve fats. The ethanol project is in production, with an increase in future significant performance. The company’s 500,000 tons of ethanol-a-year project has recently come into production, while maintaining high operating loads.
With a mouth size of 8.75 million tons, future domestic appearance consumption will remain steady as downstream polyester production becomes operational, domestic prices of ethanol have risen significantly since 2018, reaching an average price of $7538/ton in the east of China this year, an increase of 6.1 per cent compared to the same rate, based on the cost advantage of the coal-based ethylene diol versus ethylene process.
Acetic acid will remain high in the future. Prices of domestic acetic acid have been high for nearly a decade since this year, and are expected to remain constant in the future, with high domestic pta rates and steady growth in export orders.
High. In the next two years, only 350,000 tons of acetic acetic devices will be installed in the country, and 700,000 tons of acetic acid will be installed in Guangxi.
With the added capacity of the acetic acid industry, we expect the acetic acid industry to remain relatively high in the future.
ethanol opens up the space for future growth (2017-10-31) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.