WalluHingl (600426.sh) net profits in the first three quarters nearly tripled over the same period, new projects were being put into production, companies were growing up, companies were issuing performance reports for the first three quarters of 18 years, and companies achieved business income of $10.85 billion in the first three quarters.
RMB, of which three quarters earned $3.85 billion in operating income, yoy+52.9 per cent was recorded as net profit to the mother of 860 million.
Platform advantages, a “one-line” revolving economy flexible multi-product business model, firm resilience to market risks, high profitability, looking forward to the future development of the company, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The average price increased, for example, urea, dmf, adipic acid, acetic acid, methanol, octanol, organochlorine and polyol sales of 134.5, 47.7, 27.2, 180.000 tons, respectively, compared to the platform and the fertilizer functionalization project, which was partially produced in May 1818, which made an important contribution to the increase in sales on an equal basis.
Impact. Fertilizer, acetic acid and derivatives, organamine, adipic acid and intermediates, polyethylene diol projects to enter the trial production phase in the first three quarters, with new bright spots for future performance growth: 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project devices have been fully operational, with 70% loads and steady operation, producing excellence, entering
Pilot production phase. Based on the previous 50,000 tonnes/year ethanol project, the company has accumulated project, technological and technological experience, the construction cycle of the new project has been significantly compressed, and the cost of building single tons of ethanol has fallen by more than 40%.
Being the largest producer of ethanol in the country's coal-chemical route would benefit fully from the vast space for import substitution. The original ethanol cost less than $5,000 per tonne, and as new capacity becomes available, the modulus effect will reduce production costs, with the current price of ethanol being $6850 per tonne, with significant profitability.
urea will continue to stabilize profits and the climate of chemical products is expected to be maintained: influenced by environmental policies and gas modification, 18 years ago, gas consumption was 18.2 per cent higher than the previous year, liquefied natural prices were high, and the start-up rate of air-headed urea was contained, as well as supply-side reforms.
urea production decreased by 15% this year in the first eight months of the country, and urea prices have been running high for 18 years. With the warming season, nearly 30% of urea production will be hit further to safeguard the population’s gas use, and the prices of urea in the post-market markets will be high and falling, and Iran will be withdrawn from India as a result of United States sanctions.
Bidding, while 30% of urea in India needs to be imported to boost export demand. In May 18, the company replaced and expanded its capacity for new and old urea, with lower production costs and an 11% increase in production capacity, and corporate urea will continue to make a profit.
Supply-side reforms, environmental stress, and tight supply and demand for heating natural gas during the winter period, combined with an upward shift in international oil prices, a sustained climate for chemical products, and a clear cost advantage for companies relying on state-of-the-art coalification technologies for their coal-chemical products, provide a guarantee for significant growth in corporate performance.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.