Good performance and the introduction of ethanol will release a more robust growth engine q3 performance, which is in line with expectations: a 50 per cent increase in corporate operating income of $10,849 million in the first three quarters of the year; and a net return of $2,535 million, an increase of 198.95 per cent in the same year.
o 3-quarter operating income of RMB 3,852 million, or 8.23 per cent ring increase; net profit of RMB 855 million, or 9.67 per cent ring decrease. While prices for products such as acetic acid, dmf, etc. have fallen slightly in three quarters, corporate sales of products such as urea have increased, effectively supporting profitability.
Some products have suffered a slight fall in prices and the overall profitability remains strong: the first half of the year was boosted by high performance, while some products such as acetic acid, dmf, etc. showed a fall in prices in the third quarter, but most of the sub-products remained at higher prices. According to price data we've been tracking, the company's main product is in three seasons.
Acetic acid (-1.13%), acetic anhydride (+2.74%), dmf (-63.6%), ethanol (+1.36%), and maintenance of high levels while limiting production during the heating season or sustaining the price of chemical products.
Quite continuously contributing to new sales, with 3-quarter sales of 557,000 tons of corporate fertilizer, 32.37 per cent more than in the second quarter; achieving 854 million yuan in fertilizer, or 29.00 per cent more. urea is the company’s traditional pillar, with better cash flow, with new 1 million tons of urea installed instead of the original.
With 800,000 tons of old equipment, we estimate that the company’s new urea production capacity is now 200 tons, and that the company’s urea leader is further consolidated. ethylene production will contribute to growth: the company issued an announcement on 9 October, producing 500,000 tons a year.
The ethanol project was put into operation, with 70% of the load going steady, producing excellent products and entering the pilot phase. Based on the country’s coal-rich oils, coal-rich ethanol presents better industrial opportunities. When there were some technical bottlenecks in the former coal-rich ethanol, the actual release of capacity was slower.
The upgrading of the company’s low-cost synthetic gas to produce ethanol is yet another successful attempt to extend the product structure to high-value-added products. Looking ahead, the company’s 1.5 million tons of new green chemical materials combined project has entered the first high-end chemicals project in Shandong Province for the conversion of new and old energy.
Growing Coal Chemical Quality White Horses — Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We think the prices of products in the fourth quarter are still strong, the ethanol increment is contributing to performance, so the company's year-round profit forecast is up and is expected to return a net profit share for the period 2018-2020.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board