The three-quarter performance of the company, with its high year-round growth, achieved business income of $10.8 billion in the first three quarters of the company's bulletin, a 50 per cent increase in the year.
Minimum/ceiling per year: shift in the concentration of crude oil prices, increase in the profitability of products: shift in the focus of the price of benefiting crude oil and general increase in the price of chemical products, with average prices of acetic acid, ethylene diol, adipic acid, methanol, dmf1-September, respectively
Improved production of coal-based ethanol, new steps in corporate profits: on 8 October, the company announced that the coal-based ethanol project would open up the entire process to 70 per cent of the operating load. According to China Chemical, 80 per cent of the operating load was achieved on 15 October, 100 per cent of the ethanol was excellent, and the company developed the technology for coal-based ethanol.
The domestic ethanol is mainly imported, with an external dependency of about 60%, while downstream detergent needs are high, coal-based ethanol is profitable, the project is fully postpartum, conservative estimates of acetic stress are expected to remain high for two years, and coal-chemical taps remain high for two years: acetic acids are added globally by 2020.
The production capacity has stagnated and the demand for downstream pta has increased, while the acetic acid device needs to be overhauled every year, and supply and demand has become more tight in the future, with the price of acetic acid now strong at about $4,900 per tonne; domestic urea continues to be produced, adding up to the demand for exports, and profits have steadily increased. The company Synthetic ammonia + methanol produces 3.2 million tons, the best in domestic cost control.
The company has successfully obtained from Shandong Province a determination that it will clear the company's development barriers, while at the same time it will be 1.5 million tons green.
" The lymphomy lays the tone for high growth throughout the year, the ethylene ethanol project opens a new point of growth in performance " 2018-08-09 New Industrial Materials Project (Ethylene, Exhexadiate, Amino resin, aminoamide, nylon, etc.) to be elected to Xantung.
q2 Q2 quarter record record performance, ethylene diol, a reservoir of old kinetic energy conversion projects, to dispel market doubts about the company’s future prospects and open up the space for future growth.
The annual net profits are 33.89, 37.22, 3.92 billion (the previous 29/37/39 billion), which corresponds to seven, seven and six times the equivalent. The company is the leader of the coal industry and has the cost advantage of leading the industry, with the release of ethanol production.
Promote performance growth and maintain a “strongly recommended” rating. Annual Report performance meets expectations, 18-year ethanol project