urea prices have risen significantly over the past six years, with companies benefiting from tons/year, 550,000 tonnes/year of ethanol, 300,000 tonnes/year of nitrate, 200,000 tonnes/year of polyol, 50,000 tonnes/year of melamine and 50,000 tonnes/year of acetylide.
In the last four years, the net asset yields of companies have been greater than 10%, while the combined Māori rate of products is around 20%, which is significantly better than that of the same listed companies and less volatile.
The price of urea is nearly six years high, and the price of acetic acid has risen significantly. urea: Juluheen l ' urea (small particles) stood at $2,200 per ton on October 15, 2018, up from nearly six years ago, when the price of urea (small particles) was higher than in the same period last year.
Acetic acid: On October 17, 2018, Walluhengl Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetyl Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetyl Aciding Acetual Acetual Acetial Acetual Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acet Acetic Acet Acet Acet Acet Acet Acet Acet Acet Acet Acet Acet Ace Acet Ace Ace Acet Ace Ace Acet Ace Ace Acet Acet Acet Ace Ace Ace Ace Ace Ace The The The The The The The The A Process A Price A Process A Price A Process A Process A Process A Process A Process A Process A Process A Plan A Plan A Plan A Roll A Roll A Roll A Roll A Roll A to A like The The The The A like A Roll A Roll A Roll A Roll A Roll A Roll A Roll A Roll Acu Acu Acu Acu Aculy Aculy Acu
On October 9, 2018, the company announced that the 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project production unit had recently been connected to the entire process, reaching 70% of the load, producing excellent products and entering the trial phase. The project reached an average annual price of 7,000 yuan/ton, and was expected to achieve an annual collection of ethanol import substitution space, with the country ' s new production of ethanol unable to meet the rapid increase in downstream demand, 2016.
The company “recommended” investment rating is maintained. The company relies on clean gasification technology, focusing on the integrated use of resources, and has built a “one-way” revolving economy flexible multi-product business model that adapts production patterns and product structures in a timely manner to product market changes.
The company maintains the technological and cost advantages of the coal industry’s leading industry through continuous energy efficiency and environmental change, making it profitable. The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.