Performance performance is bright, smart, high-end multiple growth 09/04 2025 Export share is brighter than the upward + scale effect. 2025q1 is expected to return.
It's going out to the sea, it's going out to the sea, it's going up. It's going out to the sea, and it's going out to the limousine, and it's going up. It's going out to the sea, and it's going up. It's going out to the sea, and it's going up to the sea.
In addition, in 2025, the company will increase its overseas market input and actively deploy the Brazilian, Uzbek, Hungarian, Turkish, Indonesian deployment plants, while accelerating its exports to the sea.
1. Biadi (002594.sz) Series I: Monthly sales are fast-growing in Europe, South-East Asia, and Australasia, with potential to boost profits. 2. Biadi (002594.sz) Series II: 2023 sales
In February, the company released the \triangleright \triangleright version of the \triangleright \ \ \triangleright \ \ \ \   \ \
The ratio of driving orders has reached 25-30%. We believe that the company has the advantage of data, using the line 3.
The profits of 2024, looking at high-end + intelligent evolutions - 2024/, are catching up, officially opening China’s age of intellectual equality in automobiles, leading to a synergistic development of the industrial chain. 4. Biadi (002594.sz) series IV: high-end sales
High-end products are sold year-on-year and profit-on-year. In 2025, the company's high-end products were put on the market in March 2025, and six large suvs were located at a sales price of $38.98-449.8 million.
Mark three-way technology, comfort and luxury, which is expected to lead to a higher overall profit. The Royal flag ship, Hanl/Donl, will be on the market in April, with a high-level driver system of dipilot 300, with smart driving functions such as high-speed noa and urban noa, with a megawatt flash charge of 1,000 v.
kilometres continue, hopefully leading to high-end branding. Investment advice: we watch corporate technology-driven product and brand power go up, speed up the sea, maintain the profits \triangleright \
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.