Biadi's 25q1 performance forecast: the new vehicle position can boost & boost exports, above expectations. On April 8, Biadi released a 25q1 performance forecast: 25 years q1 and the company is expected to achieve net performance.
Overseas sales of 20.5 million vehicles, +112.2 per cent of the year, and overseas sales of 20.9 per cent, +13.1pt: high-end brand q1 sales of 5.3 million. +36.5 per cent of the year. +1.2pt: we have $9.25 billion based on the median performance forecast as net profits for the current season.
1. Biadi ' s 2404 and 24-year financial statements: Performance meets expectations, q1 vehicle net gain of $8671, ring ratio - 7 per cent, measured after elimination of Biadi electronics, performance 2. Biadi ' s 2403 performance rating: Māori rate restored and performance met expectations
3. Biadi ' s 24q2 performance rating: performance meets expectations, the Maori rate fluctuates into a cumulation cycle, which drives its exports up and down, exports up and up, and we expect companies to be more likely to meet their annual export targets when the Division has previously directed them to do so;
At the same time, due to the decline in the q1 base, but the firm ' s high-end brand ring remained robust, the sales of high-end items were higher than the sales; and 2) the company had a greater cost advantage and profit-discharge space, which was expected to balance the company ' s lost profits on q1 ' s operations, as we have previously mentioned.
The q1 decrease in prices and the q1 change in smart driving have not had a significant impact on the company's bicycle, but the current recovery is that the q1 company's new vehicle is strong and cost-effective, operating throughout the year. 1) The new car is stronger: the company has been using more aggressive pricing for 25 years, with less official price reductions.
At the same time, the strategy focuses on product configuration to address its low-priced ills, such as Sea Lion 05ev, looking at u7, Equator Leopard 3, and the new car market with a smart drive, with a clear increase in its strength. 2) More aggressive subsidy policy: although the market is worried about Biadi's driving orders.
By comparison, but in early April, Biadi had introduced a replacement subsidy that was more rapid than expected in the market, and more aggressive price preferences: 3) the company’s cost advantage was to shape its more aggressive pricing strategy and products.
With annual drops and amortizations released, companies, despite increased costs and costs, will maintain a robust and even growing net one-car profit, with a clear advantage over competitors. Combined with the above strategies, the combination of 25 years of old policy and the likely seizure of the second half of the year,
The company is expected to continue to grow steadily for 25 years, with profit forecasts, valuations and ratings, and Biadi playing a strong domestic market with a competitive cost advantage as the engine of a new energy vehicle.
The advantage is clear, the scale effect drives the depreciation amortization profit release, and we believe that Biadi has reached a stage of medium-term price upswing. On balance, we predict a net return of 25-27 years.