In 2024, the upward trend in performance was sustained, with China + Smart + 10c fast opening up new dynamic growth performance performance, continued upward profitability, mainly due to scale-down effects, continued downwards in lithium carbonate prices to ease pressure on raw materials, and continued high-end production to boost profits.
According to vsales data, the global volume of new energy vehicles sold in 2024 was 17,529,000 vehicles, +25.1% of the same year, penetration reached 19.7%, and penetration was close to the 20.0% threshold. The domestic market grew faster than expected in 2024, driven by low electricity compared to oil and old to new.
According to the China-Association Association, sales of new energy vehicles reached 12,866,000 vehicles, the same ratio +35.5%, with a penetration rate of 40.9% and a breakthrough of 40%. With the extension of old-change policies and further improvements in infrastructure & fast-loading technology, we maintain optimism about China’s electricity market in 2025.
According to the cleantechnica caliber, in 2024, the company ' s global share of new energy by car was 4.0870 million vehicles, the same ratio was +42.1%, and the world ' s cities were at the top of 23.7%, the same ratio was +2.7 pcts, and the company ' s share of the new global energy vehicle was at the top of the list. The offshore market was the focus of the company ' s dynamic area, the company ' s overseas revenue in 2024 was $221.89 billion, the same ratio was +38.5%, with 28.6% and the same ratio was +2.0 pcts. The company ' s share of the new energy used in 2024 was 28.6%.
In Thailand and Uzbekistan, factories continue to produce, and it is hoped that the growth space will be further expanded through production and capacity-building to circumvent the policy & trade barriers. Since 2025, companies have continued to increase their sales at a high rate, bringing the volume of new energy vehicles sold by the company 2025q1 to 1.01 million vehicles per year, +59.8 per cent per cent per year, of which the volume of new energy vehicles sold abroad has reached 206,000 vehicles, +110.5 per cent per cent per year.
According to the company’s annual report, the cost of a company’s bicycle in 2024 was $11.23 million, the same ratio, because of the transfer of the cost of QA from sales to operating costs due to the accounting standards, and a comparison of the caliber, about 24% of the car’s share of Māori increased in 2024.
In the field of electricization, the company released platform 3.0evo technology and fifth-generation dm technology, which evolved in terms of smart fast-loading, whole-car control and fuel efficiency, and at the beginning of the year, the company released megawatt flash-up technology, using 10 cs and 1,000a electric currents to update the industry, and set in motion a new phase of equal fuel and electricity. In the field of smartness, the company launched a new, fully fledged strategy of car-reforming intelligence at the beginning of the year, increasing its investment in intellectuals, relying on a million class bodies.
In the same year, the high-level intelligent driving aid system, the Eye of the Gods, officially launched a national piloting function for uncharted cities.
The growth rate of the global tram is expected to grow steadily, replacing it with a new two-wheel-drive domestic market with a price-for-price swap, with an upward trend in motor market dynamics in the wake of overseas policy & trade barriers. The company is the world’s leading company in 2024, the world’s number one leading conglomerate; high-end technology continues to lead, smart + fast-loaded technology continues to lead; overseas energy intensive planning circumvents policy and trade disruption factors, sharing the development dividend of overseas markets; and, under scale effects, expanding market dominance and reducing recovery gains.
In summary, we believe that companies have high barriers and better growth expectations than industry, maintaining a “buyer” rating, predicting a net profit split for the company from 2025 to 2027, a macroeconomic downturn, less than expected sales of trams, a shift in tram policy, less productive output than expected, barriers to trade, and large fluctuations in raw material prices.
The ability to do so, and the world's trams have gone further - Xinqin Air Securities Ltd., figure 23.7% (millions) of the company's global market in 12024.
Figure 32024 Biadi's overseas sales & city share double up (vehicles) Figure 4 one-car profitability (millions of dollars/car, regardless of change in accounting standards) Figure 5 Corporate profitability has been rising year by year since 2021
Figure 6 shows a steady upward trend in the quarterly earnings of companies (24q4 change in accounting standards). Financial statements and financial indicators (in millions of yuan) in the fields of arms, steel, etc., have been studied in depth both in science and technology and in cycles, continuing in-depth research in the areas of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics and automation, and establishing a research framework for the “China manufacturing investment cycle”.
The team focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium and storage energy, and devoted limited energy to serving more primary and secondary markets where the country's needs are met, the industry is booming and the people have faith, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. This report has been prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to make SAC and its associated companies in violation of local laws or regulations or to subject the SAC securities to its laws or regulations. The copyright of the material in this report is a SAC security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.