Export-driven profit-making and equity acceleration, \triangleright, 27/04/2025
There was a slight decline in the pick-up rate of the same year. The pick-up end: 2025 q1 sold 1.01 million, as a result of a small drop in the price of the \triangleright ocean vehicle and a change in product structure.
\triangleright Counts Policy Adjustments (Guarantee Quality Assurance in Sales Costs to be shown as operating costs, with more account taken of operating costs)
The cost side: 13.7 per cent, the increase in R&D costs is mainly due to an increase in R&D, more rigid expenditure, and the change in financial costs is mainly due to an increase in exchange rate gains. Net profit: net return to the mother is $9.15 billion, compared to +10.3 per cent.
1. Biadi (002594.sz) series I: monthly sales holdings - 39.1 per cent, profit and profit increases above sales increases, expected to benefit mainly from export sales as a percentage increase and regulation 2. Biadi (002594.sz) series II: 2023 sales
Building overseas plants accelerates the acceleration of the 2025 IQE. Out of the sea: beneficial new vehicle-type imports and roll-on ships \triangleright 3.Biadi (002594.sz) series III: export spending
The profits of 2024 are based on high-end + smart-chemical evolution - 2024/ outside market inputs, active deployment of factories in Brazil, Uzbekistan, Hungary, Turkey, Indonesia, and accelerated export, with the prospect of rapid growth in Europe, South-East Asia, and Australasia, as well as increased profitability.
Biyadi (002594.sz) series IV: High end sales Smart driving parity: companies have a data advantage, with “scaling” and “inclusiveness” as the bottom logic, and are expected to increase the speed driving parity, the catfish effect, or will drive other cars to catch up, and start China's car smart driving parity.
Generations, leading the development of the industrial chain. Investment proposal: We watch corporate technology-driven product and brand power up, speed up the sea, maintain the profits \triangleright \
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.