Byd’s global shenzhen moment: the company published a quarterly report in 2025, which achieved a gross operating income of $17.360 billion, a significant increase in the Māori ring ratio and a higher one-car profit. Bialdiq1 Māori rate, 20.1%.
This is a significant increase of 3.1 pct, with sales at the same rate as ring ratio-1.9/+3.5 pct; R&D costs of $14.2 billion, a 34% increase over the same period. At the heart of the High-Standing Mind and Super-e Platforms, accelerating technological parity and single-car profits into the upward cycle.
Export upwards, high-end breakthroughs. The company’s new energy vehicle q1 sold 1,008 million vehicles, 59.8 per cent more than the previous year, with the equation leopard, stomping, and lookout brand sales totalling 52,589 vehicles, 36.5 per cent more than the same year. 206,000 vehicles sold overseas, +110 per cent more than the previous year, covering major sectors such as Europe, South-East Asia, South America, the Middle East, etc.
The market, Biadi, is working with a large number of high-quality global distributors to speed up the deployment of overseas channels, Uzbek and Thai factories are starting to work, and factories in Brazil and Hungary will land in the course of the year. The high-end brand matrix is continuing, with a total of 5.26 million vehicles sold in the quarter, a 36.5 per cent increase.
The expansion of overseas channels has accelerated, 46 new shops have been added to the European market, branding has accelerated the opening of overseas cities, Milan has been creating a new wave of z9gt and brand internationalization is on the fast track.
Four specialized new energy vehicle carriers, the Bydshenzhen, were officially delivered in Jiangsu, with 9,200 standard loading spaces, the highest/lowest cost in 12 months for the largest global load currently in operation
The ship, which marks a new stage in the global distribution of Biadi's new energy vehicle and the layout of the supply chain system, recently, the "bydshenzhen" loaded more than 7,000 Biyadi's new energy vehicle in Jiangsu Tarka and opened its first ocean voyage to Brazil. This is another important step in Biadi's strategic process of internationalization.
Strong R & D + high scores, and financial architecture continues to optimize. The company insists on technology, studying < Biadi: From mass explosion to full intelligence, invests $14,223 million, cumulatively more than $190 billion in R & D.
At this point, the statement continues to rise: net cash flows from operating activities amount to $8,581 million, and the debt rate drops in six months < Biadi moment: from mass busts to full wisdom of 7 percentage points. The high-scoring red program shows the determination of the shareholders to return the sum of $39.74 per 10 shares.
Two Song Qi, Entering the Bialdi Moment of the Bialdi Moment of Bus: The Eye Drives the Blast to Full Smart. Supere platform, megawatts.
The lightning charge opened the oil and electricity at the same speed. In 2025, Biadi's “Sun” project was launched.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.