q1 performance is expected to increase and the “Overseas Market + New Car Cycle” continues to work. Biadi (002594.sz) — “domestic + overseas” market resonance, q4 performance is expected to increase significantly from year to year
Mainly, the company’s old-car-type prices went down to stock, the power of its smart-and-optimal products increased significantly, and the foreign market released significantly. Given the prospect of a rapid rise in the new technology of a company’s pure tram switching, the increased attractiveness of its power-intensive cars, the continuing breakthroughs in overseas markets, and the emergence of high-end brands into the product’s life, we are looking at the company’s performance forecast for 2025-2027.
. .q1 sales grew by 57.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the main brands continued to grow, as did the overseas markets/high-end brands, respectively, +75.7 per cent and 38.7 per cent respectively, with mixed cars continuing to grow in the context of dm5.0 technology and end-of-pipe preferences, while pure electric vehicles were expected to expand in the context of a gradual switch to new platforms, a renewal and a marked increase in charge efficiency.
At the same time, driven by new product launches, roll-off ships, overseas production capacity, q1 + 11.5%, 72.7%, overseas sales 20.9%, +5.2 pct, and a continuous increase in monthly rings in the low season. Moreover, high-end brands also show a brighter performance.
• “Super-e platform + intellectual parity + seaboard + high-end” with more flowering, promising to continue strong performance in 2025, where the company's owner's high/medium-low-end pure electric vehicle is expected to switch to super-e platform/e platform 3.0evo, respectively.
With dm5.0 technologies, a two-wheel drive has been added to the drive for intellectual parity, which will continue to support marketing once old policies are in place. At the same time, in 2025, the company made a major effort to develop overseas operations that will expand into less tariff-affected markets such as South America, East Asia, and Europe, and will enrich hybrids.
"O4, with high performance, "Megawatt flash + smart ride down, eight roller ships (over a million vehicles per year) are now halfway in the water, and the world's largest vehicle roller is the "Deep Right" to launch a new journey -- company information update report."
The Shenzhen is about to take off. In terms of capacity-building, 150,000 Thai plants with annual capacity have been put into operation; the Brazilian plant will have a capacity of 15,300,000 by the end of 2025 and 2026, respectively; the Indonesian factory, with an annual capacity of 150,000, will be completed by 2025; and the European plant is expected to be completed by 2026 and will play an important role in bringing down and raising the Māori rate.
With regard to high-end brands, the intensive release of new vehicles such as Leopard 8/tightenz9/tianc3 is expected to boost the profits of the bicycle.