Biadi's 25q1 financial report rating: Go to the sea. On April 25, Biadi issued 25q1 financial statements: 1; receipts: q1 vehicles sold 1 million vehicles (including commercial vehicles), same/ring ratio + 60.3 per cent/-
2. Biadi ' s 24q4 and 24-year financial statements: performance met expectations, resulting in a net return of $9.15 billion to the mother of q1, and a corresponding/ring ratio of +100.4 per cent/38.5 per cent, with a reduction of electricity q1
3. Biadi ' s 24q3 performance rating: Māori recovery, performance in line with expectations, performance in line with expectations, and export volume growth driving the profit matrix strong. This performance was maintained as a whole, close to the median of the previous performance forecast, and in line with our expectations.
The Division's strategy is to clean up the inventory and give a large end discount, depending on whether the profit of the country's bicycles actually fell, but remained robust in the face of an increase in export volumes; 2) the cost rate remains high and the subsequent profit release space is still available: in fact, the adjustment quality is still in effect.
The q1 price reduction & smart-wire change has little impact on the DG's Māori ratio. So the core of corporate profit volatility is how the costs are regulated, and the company q1 has a significant exchange gain overseas, but we see the company's high R&D costs this quarter.
Up to $14.2 billion, the cost rate has risen to 8.3 per cent, the absolute value and the cost rate have been significantly higher, q2, and we expect that the company as a whole will remain robust: 1) rickshaw profits, although the company continues to release high end margins, we reiterate that the company has a stronger presence.
Cost advantages and profit release space, which is expected to balance the company ' s fundamentals (RM) q2 operating loss of profits, with a small increase in the single-car net profit margin.
The company’s new vehicle q1 is strong, with a large number of products, extremely aggressive pricing, and a much higher configuration. The growth core of the company’s domestic market is still in the mainstream market, while the core test of this round of smart driving is that what is most needed in the mainstream market is still value for money.
At this point in time, there is still room for companies to upgrade replacement subsidies to manufacturers’ subsidies, and to increase their promotion. Companies are still strong with low-cost + scale effects, and continue to look good.
Biadi, as the leader of a new energy vehicle, has a strong domestic market, competitively with cost advantages, has a clear advantage, and the scale effect drives the depreciation amortization profits to release, and we believe that Biadi has entered an advanced stage of medium-term pricing. On the whole, we predict a net return of 25-27 years.