Biadi (002594.sz): The offshore market performed brightly, with the booming event: the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2025, the company expected to achieve higher profits and higher single-car returns in the first quarter of 2025. The company achieved a net return in the first quarter of 2025.
The profits were $8.50 billion - $10.00 billion, compared to +86.0-118.9% in the first quarter of 2025, the strategic layout of vertically integrated public companies and the increase in overseas sales. Globalisation has worked well, and overseas sales have grown rapidly.
206,000 vehicles sold + 110% of the year. This increase was due to the company’s series of globalized layouts, with two motor transport rollers “explorerno.1” and “bydchangzhou” successfully launched in 2024, which greatly contributed to the expansion of the company’s overseas market.
The advancement of the Department's international operations, with production bases in Uzbekistan and Thailand having entered into production in 2024, has further accelerated the competitiveness of companies in the global market by entering into production in mid-term, with the number s1500525030001.
Intelligentity and electrodynamicity continue to be added and technologically protected rivers are built. In 2024, Biadei's research and development invested more than $54.2 billion, an increase of 35.7 per cent over the same period.
In 2025, with the release of the "Eye of God" smart driving system, Biadi will be taking a look at the depths of car intelligence and electrodynamics.
A new e-platform 3.0 achieves more efficient intelligent driving, gradually extending to ao-class 7 cars. In addition, in the case of electricization, on March 17, 2025, Biadi organized the Super-e-Pilot technology launch, and the Super-e platform's super-kV architecture was the world's first-sized multiplier.
The vehicle’s worldwide high-voltage structure raised batteries, electric power, power sources, air conditioning, etc. to 1000v, leading electric cars into the KV era. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: corporate profitability increased further, and overseas sales increased.
Risk factors: vehicle sales are less than expected, profitability is less than expected, new cars are not being rolled out as expected
In Beijing, parts of Kim Dynasty No. 127, Wumenxi Street, No. 127, in Beijing’s West Side, b will not be relevant, either directly or indirectly, to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed Securities Investment Advisory Service.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.