Re-innovation, high-end multi-growth, event summary: March launch of the company ' s production and sale of 377,000 vehicles in March, compared to the previous year
In March, the company’s new energy was sold by car in 371,000 \trianglerights. Real demand rose gradually, benefiting from a rapid increase in sales in Turkey, Brazil, Europe, etc., mainly in the form of a sial.
u mixed; on the one hand, beneficial ship-loading inputs: Biadi in January, November, January 2024, and January 2025, respectively, were invested in 1, 2, 2 roll-on ships, increasing the volume of self-builder-led sales and expanding the fleet to eight by January 2026. In addition, in 2025, the company will increase its overseas market input and actively deploy it.
Brazil, Uzbekistan, Hungary, Turkey, Indonesia, but also accelerated export of factories, with the prospect of rapid development in Europe, South-East Asia, and Australasia, and increased profitability.
\triangleright, for the first time, has decentralized the high-level intellectual driver to $70,000. According to the news, currently, nationwide, Biadet has a series of ratings: monthly sales.
The share of driving orders has reached 25-30%. In our view, the company has a huge data advantage, with more than 4.4 million vehicles on board and above currently being sold cumulatively in the series “scaling” and 2. Biadi (002594.sz): 2023 sales
“Universality” is a bottom-line logic that is expected to accelerate the exercise of intellectual power, promote the use of intellectual power as an important consideration in the purchase of cars, either so, the catfish effect or will drive other car companies to catch up, officially open the era of intellectual power in Chinese cars, and lead to the third in the series of points from 3.Biyadi (002594.sz): Export spending
2024 for high-end + intelligent evolutions 2024/, high-end products are sold year after year and profit is up. 2025 for high-end products of the company. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
4. Biadi (002594.sz) series IV. High end sales n9 were marketed in March 2025, locating six large suvs for $38.98-449 million, all of which are marked with easy triangulation technology, comfort and luxury, and are expected to lead to an overall upward profit.
Hanl/Donl will be on the market in April with a high-level mind drive system of dipilot 300, with smart driving functions such as high-speed noa and urban noa, with a megawatt flash-up technology based on 1,000 km of the world, which is expected to lead to high-end branding.
Investment Recommendations: We watch corporate technology-driven product and brand power up, speed up the sea, maintain the profits \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.