During the first half of the year, the company achieved a revenue of 3.46 billion yuan, an increase of 23.8 per cent over the previous half-year period, and a net profit of 9.9 per cent.
One billion yuan, or 47.0 per cent in the same year; 930 million yuan in the same year, or 46.8 per cent in the same year, in the second quarter, the company earned 2.99 billion yuan in the same year, or 70.5 per cent in the same year; 640 million yuan in the same year, or 85.5 per cent in the same year.
After the build-up of prior-period demand, the engineering and machinery industry overcompensated the rebound, representing the excavator, which grew by 26.7% over the same period, and the monthly sales of excavators have been the highest ever recorded since March.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori rate was 41.9% higher than the 4.8pc higher; the net interest rate was 28.6% higher than the 4.5pc higher; and the weighted average net asset collection.
The company ' s Māori rate, net interest rate, roe level has risen significantly, and the cost rate has been optimized over the period and the profitability has increased significantly.
18.9%; cash flow of companies has continued to improve, with a rapid increase in the share of the main pump valve market in the excavator-specific tank business. In the first half of the year, the public administration sold 33 million excavator-specific tanks, a 27% increase over the same period, achieving sales revenue of 14.3%.
Billion dollars, an increase of 16.0% in the same year; 64,000 non-standard tanks for the sale of heavy equipment, resulting in $580 million in revenue, a decline of 9.0% in the same year. Overseas operations, represented by the weight-heavy tank product, were hit considerably by the spread of the overseas epidemic, and the total income from the non-scaling tank plate was small in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, all the subsidiary hydraulic lines were overloaded, resulting in sales earnings of $1.190 billion, an increase of 85.8 per cent over the same period; among them, the share of the market of the vent valves of the excavator master was significantly increased, with the 6-50t level of back-to-mata being matched by the scalding of the mainframe plant; and in the non-digger sector, constant closed hydraulic pressure.
The system has achieved full quantitative support in the field of high-altitude platforms, and the industrial pump valve system has produced full production in the area of car suspension and drilling. In the first half of the year, the company sold 26 million tons of foundries, a 45 per cent increase in the same amount, with external sales accounting for 45 per cent.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have either a qualification in portfolio investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I am available independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.