The constant flow of pump valves into the global hydraulic core business led by the company 2020h1 to generate revenue of $3.456 billion, an increase of 23.8 per cent over the same period, and net profit of $990 million to the mother.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 18.8% over the same period, have benefited from a substantial increase in the market share of downstream engineering machinery, which has led to a double increase in the company’s revenue and profits. The engineering and machinery industry, which is represented by excavators, has continued to experience high temperatures in the first half of the year, with more than 170,000 excavators sold in the industry.
Sub-products: 1) 2020h1 sells 33 million excavators, 27% more, 27% more in the same year.
(a) Increases in revenues and profits of the company;
2) the sales of 64,000 non-flood tanks, yielding $580 million, compared to the same decline. Hydraulic pump valves are expected to replicate the successful path of the excavator tanks, the company's middle 9%. The decline in the non-flagged tank camp is mainly due to production inclined towards the excavator tanks and the impact on overseas markets.
Owing to the larger impact, however, the company has been active in expanding new domestic fields, new customers, other non-scaling tanks, growing rapidly, with a small drop in the tank as a whole; 3) the hydraulic pump valves have continued to grow at a high rate, with all subsidiary hydraulics operating beyond capacity, generating an additional 1,190 million yuan, an increase of 85.8 per cent compared to the previous half-year, with a higher share of 34.4 per cent.
More than 80 per cent of the increase in revenue was a central driver of corporate growth, with the market share of the company ' s excavator pump valves increased significantly in the first half of the year, and the 6-50t level of reverse motors have been matched by the size of the mainframe plant, the non-digger area, the full-scale quantification of the platform area for high-altitude operations, and the industrial pump valve system has also produced full-scale production in the areas of car suspension, swing drilling and drilling.
In 2020, H1 continued to strengthen cost controls, with further downswings to 6.5 per cent, with 2.2 pct down compared to the same period, with sales, management, and 0.5 pct, the decline in R&D costs being mainly due to reduced costs for research and development materials, and the significant increase in financial costs being mainly in United States dollars.
In the first half of the year, the company continued to optimize its current production capacity, upgrade its overall profitability, implement large-scale cost optimization, automate its production workshops and increase its intelligence, increase its productivity significantly, and replace the bulk of imported spare parts with domestic production, further reducing its costs.
The Māori rate rose significantly by 4.8 pct to 41.9%, and the net interest rate also increased by 4.5 pct to 28.6%. There will be further room for corporate Māori and net interest rates to rise further in the future, driven by multiple factors, such as scale effects, continued pump valves, and efficiency gains.
Hydraulic pump valves are expected to replicate the successful path of the excavator tank, with a wide range of medium- and long-term growth space. The countercyclical adjustments in the first half of the year have not been completed.
Driven by machine change, capital investment, etc., the volume of excavator sales is expected to continue to increase steadily, as is the company’s tank operations. In the medium and long term, the non-flood tank applications are extensive, and the market space is large, and the non-flagged tanks can be used in part to smooth the fluctuations in demand and contribute to the company’s performance. The pump valve operations correspond to a global increase in performance.
Market space is wide, company pump valves are highly competitive, the epidemic is catalytic in helping to accelerate the replacement of domestic production, and hydraulic pump valves have a successful path to copy excavator tanks, which will gradually become a global hydraulic flagship, with wide scope for growth. Based on 2020h1 performance and high sales of engineering and machinery products, we have adjusted the company’s net profit share for 2020-2022.
The global epidemic is not as fast as expected, the engineering and machinery industry is not doing well, industry competition is increasing, and capital and real estate investments are not as fast as expected.