The 2020h1 performance exceeded expectations and the subsequent growth momentum continued Events: the company achieved a revenue of 3.46 billion (+23.8 per cent year-on-year) for 2020h1; net profit on maternity was 990 million (+47.0 per cent year-on-year) and net gain on non-mortality was 930 million (+46.8 per cent year-on-year).
▪ End of income: Digger tank operations have continued to grow, with the large and medium dredging pump valves starting to be fully released 1.43 billion dollars, compared with 16 per cent, and are still growing at a faster rate than the 2019 high base. In January-June 2020, we sold 170 million excavators, a 24 per cent increase.
The Division sells 33 million excavators, 27% of the year. Short-term demand recovery after the outbreak is driven by factors such as the same percentage of company excavator tank output per month +70/+29%, and we expect the engineering and machinery industry to continue to grow in the second half of the year.
The export operations, which are represented by the weight-heavy tank product series, have been significantly increased by the sales of the subsidiary hydraulic technology (the main hydraulic pump valve), with revenues increasing on a year-to-year basis, in addition to the decline in the non-flagged tank revenues, which are affected by the non-marked production line and by the occupancy of the production capacity of the excavator tank.
Eighty-six per cent of the 1.19 billion people are under the influence of the overseas epidemic, and the import of the company ' s dredging pump valves has accelerated, the market share has increased considerably, and all production lines have been overloaded in the first half of the year. In addition, the non-digger pump valve systems, such as high-altitude platforms, car hangings, and swirling drills, have also achieved full production.
The casting output was 26 million tons, or +45%, of which the external sales ratio was 45%, while the external sales client had a stroke of electricity and engineering machinery increasing faster. The production capacity utilization of the casting pieces in phase II has been gradually increased, with about 70% now in the left and, to the right, further release will follow the arrival of the sterilizers after the outbreak.
▪ Profit end: scale effect + product structure optimization, higher than expected increase of h1 combined Māori ratio of 42 per cent compared to 4.8 ptt; net interest rate of 29 per cent compared to +4.5 ptc; weighted tank, pump valve sales leading to scale effect and product structure optimization; 2) hydraulic technology performed
Large-scale cost optimization, with significant improvements in production efficiency through increased workshop automation and smartness; 3) The same-2.1pc rate has fallen to 6.5 per cent over the period, with 1.6 per cent sales, management costs Earing scenario continuity + accelerated pump valve penetration + ancillary operations, followed by sustained growth momentum
With the impact of the domestic epidemic, real estate and infrastructure drivers are expected to continue further, adding up, updating demand + artificial replacement trends, and we expect the downstream engineering machine to continue, with a market of more than 4 billion tons per year for the next three years. The company has a city-wide presence in the excavator tank area.
Stabilized at around 50 per cent, the company ' s dredging tank operations are expected to benefit from sustained industry demand, and remain flat. Currently, the company ' s small pump valves have been supplied in bulk with large domestic brands such as 31, Willow and Xu, with more than 30 per cent of the country ' s inner city and more than double the capacity of the small pump valves in 2020.
Promote an increase in the share of the small-divide pump valves; the order for the large-digger pump valves doubled in the first half of the year, with a slightly higher annual performance than expected in the case of the overseas epidemic and a sustained increase in 2020, with further acceleration in the penetration of the national production of the large- and medium-digger pump valves expected.
Long-range 2020-04-30 Valves increase capacity plus medium-sized large-divide pump valve penetration acceleration, with the most significant growth in company dredging pump valve operations.2 Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100): performance
In addition, with regard to non-digger pump valves, the constant closed hydraulic system achieved a 47-53 per cent slightly higher than expected increase in high-altitude operating platforms, a full batching of hydraulics, and the industrial pump valve system achieved the first time in the area of car suspension and drilling.
On the motor side, the company's 6-50-t-scale back-to-back motor has been scaled up to support the mainframe plant. This is complemented by a long-term elasticity period of 2020-01-21, which is expected to smooth the company's performance further, with swing cycles.
3. Stereotyphic fluid pressure (601,100): q3 season performance is influenced by fluctuations in industry demand and is considered to be ongoing; pump valve operations are not sold as much as expected.
Figure 1: Revenue of $3.46 billion from H1 in 2020 (+23.8 per cent for the same year) Figure 2: Net return gain of $990 million from H1 in 2020 (+47.0 per cent for the same year)
Figure 3: Māori rate, net interest rate, sustained growth over the last two years Figure 5: Net operating cash flow of 2020h1 - 950 million (year-on-year + 19 per cent) Figure 6: Operating rate of corporate receivables steadily increasing
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board