Downstream demand is growing steadily and pump valve operations are going to boost profitability further (601,100, sh).
23.75% long, net return profit is 986 million yuan, an increase of 47.01% over the same period in the previous year.
Sub-products, the sale of downstream excavators has led to the sale of company excavators.
As a result of growing demand for infrastructure, equipment upgrading and exports, in the first half of 2020 there were a total of 1,704,000 (+24 per cent) sales of various types of machine excavator products. In the first half of the year, the company sold 3,295 million special tankers, representing a 27 per cent increase in the same year and a sales income of 1,432 million yuan.
A 16 per cent increase in the same year, representing 41 per cent of the company’s revenues in the first half of the year, and a slight decline in the overall income of the non-polluted tank plate due to the new crown epidemic. Heavy non-pollution tanks sold with non-standard tanks amounting to 642,000 units, yielding $577 million in sales revenue, compared with the same decline.
9%. Foreign markets have been hit hard by the global epidemic, but other non-scaling tank plates have grown rapidly, and the entire non-scaling tank has declined slightly. We believe that corporate products are core competitive, although overseas operations have suffered for a short period of time.
Multiple factors influence pressure, but have a limited impact on overall performance. The subsidiary hydraulic technology lines are overstretched, and sales continue to grow at a high rate.
The share has risen significantly, with hydraulic technology rising significantly in the excavator master pump valve market during the same period, with 6-50-t level back-to-scale conversion to motors already aligned with the size of the mainframe plant; at the same time, in the area of non-diggers, a full-scale quantitative package of high-altitude operations has been achieved. We expect that hydraulic technology is performing a large-scale cost optimization.
In the first half of the year, the company sold 26.2 million tons of foundries, a 45 per cent increase in external sales.
Expending customers have increased faster with wind and engineering panels. The utilization rate of casting phase 2 has risen to about 70%. We believe that, as the disease control has become more normal, the device is debugged, it is used in normal condition, and the casting capacity will be further released in the second half of the year, and the foundry will be made as a hydraulic device.
During the reporting period, the combined Māori ratio (+4.82 pcts) was 51.85% as a result of scale effects and product structural optimization; and internal controls.
Effectively, the sales (-0.14 pcts) and management (-1.5 pcts) rates are lower than in the same period last year. R & D costs remain high to keep the company market and technological innovation.
Stable growth; on the other hand, subsidiary hydraulic technology has increased significantly in the excavator master pump valve market, and in the area of non-diggers it has achieved a full quantitative package of high-altitude platforms, and future productivity improvements in workshops will continue to boost profitability. My downstream demand is not as high as expected, foreign brand markets are not as high as expected, and product development and development are not as risky as expected.