Hydraulic pump valves continue to be released and the profit rate increases significantly.
The high demand for the end of the engineering and machinery industry contributed to the rapid growth of corporate revenues in the first half of 2020. During the reporting period, companies achieved operating revenues of 3,456 million yuan, an increase of 23.75 per cent.
Mainly because of the high end demand in the engineering and machinery industry, the company’s main product is more competitive and its sales are on the increase. According to the output, the company sold 329,500 oil tanks for excavators, an increase of 27 per cent in the same year, resulting in sales revenue of 1,432 million yuan, a 16 per cent increase in the same year; and the sale of 642,000 non-standard tanks for heavy equipment, a sales gain.
577 million yuan, a decline of 9 per cent in the same year. The sales of the subsidiary hydraulic pumps increased significantly, achieving sales revenue of 1,191 million yuan, an increase of 85.81 per cent in the same year. > The combined Māori rate increased significantly, as a result of the doubling of the hydraulic pump valves.
The upgrading is mainly due to product structural optimization and scale effects, where the growth in corporate income is greater than the increase in cost, while the hydraulic pump valves are doubled and the product structure is further optimized.
During the reporting period, the cost of the company period was 6.54 per cent, a decrease of 2.12 per cent over the same period. According to the sub-project, sales costs were expended, internal management of the company was strengthened, sales costs and management costs were reduced by 0.56 percentage points compared with the same period last year, and the decline in the financial costs of the company was due to an increase in interest income from corporate fund-raising.
In the future, the hydraulic fluids are stable, the hydraulic pump valves are stable, and in the future, they are the domestic hydraulic fluids, the company's main plant, such as Trinity and Xu, which are strong in high-pressure oil tanks, hydraulic pump valves, etc., and the products are sold overseas. In this case, the tank business benefits from the industry landscape.
In our view, the research assistant: Turn off the lights and release the demand for the domestic hydraulic pump valves is expected to boost the company's performance to a new level, looking at the company's future.
S-010120030002pe is below the historical long-term valuation hub. We're looking at the long-term growth space in the core parts industry in the context of the national production of engineering machinery.
Taking into account the long-term growth and current valuation levels of core parts and components in engineering and machinery, coverage was given a “recommended” rating for the first time. Industry demand was lower than expected; increased competition in industry led to price declines; and hydraulic expansion was slower than expected.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements, Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of State Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation, and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.