Depreciating performance, mine stable \triangleright, 8.74% increase in the same year, mother net profit of $6,505 million, 8.53% increase in the same year, deducting non-mother net profit
\triangleright tons, 1.17 per cent less than year-on-year; cathode copper production, 20.973 million tons, or 14.02 per cent more than year-on-year; gold production, 112.64 tons, or 26.85 per cent more than year-on-year; silver, 1351.54 tons, or 9.64 per cent more than year-on-year; sulphur
Acid production increased by 10.00 per cent from the same year to 18.17 million tons from copper-processing products, which increased by the same year to Qiuzu tons, 5.97 million tons from sulphuric acid and 1.97 million tons from copper-processing materials.
\triangleright project construction boost output has increased steadily, with impairments projected with an average price of approximately $5578.74/kg for silver, an increase of 17.68 per cent over the same period; the average price for sulphuric acid is approximately $237.05/t.
In 2023, the Chinese smelter and Freeport established a fee of $88 per ton per ton per ton per ton per ton of copper concentrate masters in 2023, an increase of 35.38 per cent in the same year.
The central point is the whole chain layout of copper, leading the country in smelting and processing capacity. The company is the largest integrated copper producer in the country and now forms gold- and copper-based mining, mineral selection, smelting, processing, and sulphur.
Chemical, rare and rare metal extraction and processing are the core industrial chains. 2 companies are the largest copper production base in the country, owning the largest German copper mine and several copper-producing mines in the country, containing more than 200,000 tons of copper each year, and the Precious Creek Smelter under the flag is the largest copper smelter in the world, the cathode.
More than 2 million tonnes/year, more than 1.8 million tonnes/year of processed copper products, the largest copper-processing producer in the country Investment proposal: Corporations have a size advantage in the domestic copper industry and an advantage in the integration of the copper industry chain, copper concentrate \triangleright \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.