Business continues to be sound, with improved corporate governance and revaluation of value, annual Shanghai Vegetables (002252.sz) - annual Shanghai Lace (002252.sz) and quarterly reviews.
The company has achieved a gross operating income of 2,063 million yuan (+22.40%), resulting in a net profit of 719 million yuan to the mother, and a supply gap between late 22 and January 23 23 23, when new coronary patients experienced a huge demand for Qing C. With regard to the construction of a slurry station, in February 2023, the company acquired a new slurry station.
There are currently 42 slurry stations in total, the number of which is second only to the sky. The company’s revenue growth continues to be high, mainly through the introduction of new businesses, the introduction of Kilifor as a major shareholder in 2020 (with 26.20% shareholding) and the acquisition of 45% of gds (the global tap of blood sifting nucles), the base.
Lifford handed over the country’s protein imports to the Shanghai cabbage, while the gds blood sifting reagents in the country have been marketed on behalf of the cabbage. Watching for corporate governance change expectations.
According to the company’s 23-year quarterly report, both China and Couri Tianchen have been passively reduced to 5.39% and 2.44% respectively, with a combined share of 7.83%.
A relatively deep 300-percent image of candidates, with the possibility of physical control of the company by controlling the board of directors, changes in the corporate governance structure Investment proposal: good quality of the company's assets, good shareholder and governance structure issues, if resolved, valuation
The company as a whole leads the country's blood industry and is well structured in the country's industry, with a full range of products and blood.
The company currently has four blood production bases in Shanghai, Chengzhou, Humpty, Wenzhou, which cover the three main groups of protein, immunoglobin and condensation factors, one of the few producing blood products in the country that can extract six components from the plasma, and one of the most numerous in the country's industry.
In February of this year, a new one was granted in Guangxi, Hunan, Hainan, Shaanxi, Anhui, Guangdong, Utsun, Zhejiang, Hubei and Jiang. Since the beginning of the year, the company and its first shareholder, Kilifor, have continued to work together in a number of fields, further raising its market share and industry by billions of yuan, of which 2,734 million won in revenues from the imported protein business.
The rapid release of imported proteins has provided an increase in performance, but the company’s overall Māori ratio has declined as a result of imports of proteins, which are significantly lower than in other businesses. Currently, national policies prohibit imports of blood products other than human blood protein, and significant releases of corporate haemoglobins reflect a large gap in the country’s proteins.
Figure 2: Changes in corporate earnings indicators in recent years. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Liu Xing, Master of Western Economics, Bei Fong Business School, Beijing University, and Bachelor of Life Sciences College. Joined the Chinese Galaxy Securities in 2018.