I'm going to take care of you, and I'm going to take care of you, and I'm going to take care of you.
The announcement that 2023q1 achieved revenues of $630 million, an increase of 51.5 per cent, recorded net profits of $410 million, an increase of 51.2 per cent, net profits of $390 million, an increase of 49.3 per cent, and Māori 95.3 per cent, an increase of 0.8 percentage points.
Corporate performance grew strongly during the reporting period, with net interest rates rising by 2.1 percentage points to 65.7 per cent over the same period, and cash flows from operating activities also showed strong performance, with a net inflow of $430 million, a 78 per cent increase over the same period. We believe that the demand for medicine deferred from last year’s 40 affected by the epidemic broke out in 1q, particularly in February-March (early January), when the peak of infection remained demand.
The product is expected to continue to grow rapidly, and the performance ring is expected to grow faster, with demand releasing and a low base of 2q.
On the cost side of the product portfolio, the rate increased by 1.43 percentage points to 22.83 per cent over the same period for the 1q period, mainly due to the increase in management costs due to the listing of Hong Kong stock (not yet listed) and a decrease of 2.11 percentage points to 10.41 per cent in the cost of sales over the same period.
Throughout the year, we believe that the demand for post-epidemic medicine and beauty is gradually recovering, and that, guided by the incentive of equity, the dynamism of the company's internal sector will be boosted, with the new product entering more than 600 health-care institutions by the end of 2022, authorizing more than 700 doctors, which will be more comprehensive this year and will grow into a company in the future.
A new generation of growth engines. In the long run, companies have strong R & D capabilities, well stocked after products, and the explosive model is expected to lead to significant growth.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.