+46.3 per cent in the first quarter, +51.2 per cent in the first quarter.
Billions of dollars (+51.2%) are growing brightly. Considering the recovery of the American and American consumption scenes and the restoration of the consumer power of the population, we look at the products: we expect the products of stars to grow steadily, such as high neck stripes, high panda needles, compliance.
Year +0.4 pct. Re-innovation is high when high-morigin products are driven by daytime. Cost: company 2023q1 sales cost 10.4% (-2.1 pct), further highlighting the corporate branding effect; management cost 8.0% – short-term benefit markets are being re-heated and product matrices continue to enrich long-term competitiveness.
Existing pipelines: Looking ahead for 2023, the star's big monolith is expected to maintain robust growth and live bubble needles are expected to benefit from a positive yield, which is expected to benefit from market education maturity and the concept of “frameline fixation” in the daytime. The layout line is: (1) The company will further deepen the competitiveness of existing urinate products and expand it.
More adaptives to meet market demand: (2) Korea's huons botox products have completed the iii phase of clinical and are in the registration stage: (3) two monogenic deoxycholic acids in the weight-reduction area, and smigrupus is expected to be stable.
Step-by-step; (4) acquisition of 100% of Pecchilon's strategic configuration of high-scene pyrogen protein; (5) facial wiring, growth-oriented confidence-building – corporate updates are also expected to contribute to the future of products such as Lidocaine anesthesia, transparent acid solubility enzymes, etc.
2023.3.9 The company, as the leader of the medically fine product, will in the short term regenerate the beneficiary markets and continue to see the company continue to grow in abundance in the long term.
The matrix is firmly competitive in the long term, and the goal of equity incentives is a strong indication of the company’s confidence in its future development. The Maori rate is a new high – the company’s update.