A 51% increase in the net profit from maternity in the first quarter, and a high level of profit from product turnover, beauty care and medical beauty, the company's overall performance has grown brightly, keeping the product in stock during the day. The company collected it in the first quarter of 2023.
630 million yuan, or +46.3% of the same year, achieved a net return profit of 414 million yuan, or +51.17% of the same year, or +49.26% of the same profit. The company’s pharmaceutical and American industry is still experiencing a high-intensity of rapid penetration, q1-beneficiaries are improving the recovery of below-line consumption, and industry end demand is rapidly warming.
And the company, as the leader of the industry, operates with a pre-existing product profile and channel. One quarter of the company’s focus on regenerative materials is on “bringing up” fast-discharge, same as the other quarter.
The high-level system, which is the basis of the system at the time, remains robust. The ratio of R & D costs to R & D +0.17 pct reflects the company’s continued focus on R & D. Companies achieve net operating cash flows of $427 million in the first quarter, compared to 77.67%, and cash flows are good.
Investment Recommendations: The recovery in health and US consumption has been positive since this year, and companies, as industry leaders, will be the first to benefit from the end recovery. And in the second quarter, in a low-base environment, firms are expected to achieve rapid growth in their performance.
The introduction of the equity incentive scheme also provides institutional guarantees for the company’s medium- and long-term development. Considering the positive recovery of the medical-American sector in the first quarter, the company’s product turnover is going well, and the company’s net profit forecast is 2023-2025.
A steady growth in the performance of Emmets (300896.sz) and 2022, with equity incentives, Ameriss (300896.sz) - three-quarter net profits growth of 52%, core product Emeris (300896.sz) - collections and profits are close to 40%, new products are close to the rate of increase.
"America (300896.sz) - resubmitted to Hong Kong stock listing application, determined to push forward the outreach "America (300896.sz) - more than 60 per cent of the revenue and profit growth rate, a profit-making capacity table, 630 million yuan in the first quarter of 2023, +46.3 per cent of the year, and $414 million net return to the mother.
The company’s medical and American industry is still in a state of rapid upswing in penetration, benefiting from the epidemic in one quarter, the recovery of consumption below the line, the rapid recovery of industry’s end demand, and the company’s role as the leader of the industry.
With the advantage of marketing the products accumulated in the previous period, the industry is more advanced. One quarter of the company focuses on the benefits of the regenerative material, which “brings up” rapidly during the day, while the high-speed system, which is the basis of the plate, remains on the chart: Americ quarterly net profit and acceleration (in billions of yuan, per cent)
The increase is mainly due to the recognition of the share listing costs in Hong Kong during the reporting period. The ratio of R & D costs to the same ratio +0.17 pct reflects the company’s continued emphasis on R & D. Companies achieved net operating cash flows of $427 million in the first quarter of the year, compared to 77.67%, and cash flows are good.
In the second quarter, in a low-base environment, firms are expected to achieve accelerated growth in their performance. In the long run, firms are able to operate with a high degree of product awareness, mature channels, and improved production.
The introduction of equity incentives also provides opportunities for long-term growth in the company. Considering the positive recovery of the medical-American sector during the quarter, the company’s product turnover has been well distributed, and the authors have assured us that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author