We're going to buy back shares for employee incentives and help improve long-term incentives.
On the evening of June 12, the company announced plans to use its own funds to repurchase some of the company’s public shares in the form of a centralized competitive exchange for the purpose of giving equity incentives or employee holding schemes.
In the medium-to-long term, the company is expected to ensure sustainability of growth with a high degree of product awareness, mature channels, and improved product ladders. The introduction of this buyback scheme will also help to further improve long-term incentives for companies to mobilize their employees.
We maintain the company's 2023-2025 plan to buy back shares for equity incentives and employee ownership, and show the confidence for medium- and long-term development.
The board of directors considered the average value of the company’s stock transactions for the first 30 trading days before the approval of the repurchase resolution. The total amount of money spent on repurchase was between 10,000 shares, or 0.21 and 0.41 per cent of the company’s current total equity. In general, we believe that the repurchase plan reflects the company’s medium- and long-term distribution.
This confidence will help to strengthen corporate core team stability and boost staff dynamism. The investment proposal is that the long-term advantage of medical champions is significant, that they have recovered well since this year, thanks to stronger consumer stickyness, and that companies, as industry leaders, will take the lead in benefiting from the recovery.
In terms of actual performance, Emmett collected $630 million in the first quarter of 2023, i.e. +46.3% of the same year, received a net return profit of $414 million, i.e. +51.17% of the same, net profit of the same year +49.26% of the same, and performed in leading industries. In the medium and long term, companies are expected to grow with a high degree of awareness of products, mature channels of operation, and a constantly improved product ladder.
According to Frost Sullivan, as of 2021, Emmets' share of the domestic market in terms of sales was 21.3 per cent in a skin filler market based on transparent sodium sodium sodium sodium acid. The company ranked first among national manufacturers in terms of product pipelines, where the company's high body series of products formed a leading market competitiveness in the area of neck stripes and eye week, and the new products of regenerative materials were rapidly released.
There is still a wealth of research on product pipelines, including injections of a type of botulinum toxin, smigrupine injection fluids, second-generation facial implants, etc. We consume less than expected; product pipeline development and marketing are less than expected; and market competitive environments are at risk. Authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author