On April 25, the company published a 23-year quarterly report, which generated $630 million in revenues.
The performance of 23q1 was higher than expected, with continuous additions to R & D and the layout of the new pipeline. 23q1 battalion received the same increase of 46.30 per cent, mainly due to an increase in sales during the period; the net return to the mother increased the same increase by 50.77 per cent, mainly due to a significant increase in q1 revenue, a significant increase in operating profits and a higher than expected increase in net profit.)
The overall, differentiated matrix of products drives performance growth. Sub-products, soluble solutions and gels. Face-laying / cosmetics revenues of $12.93, 6.38, 0.05 million, or $0.03 billion, respectively.
The safety and effectiveness of products are gradually recognized by downstream medical institutions and end-users. Doctors are trained in combination with certification systems, and efficient and stable channels are being built and well-developed learning platform systems are providing a pre-emptive advantage for the promotion of new products, accelerating the daytime penetration of the terminals, which has been in place by the end of 22 years.
More than 600 medical and aesthetic institutions have authorized more than 700 doctors, and research and development are ahead of schedule, with abundant stocks of products. Based on biomedical materials and biopharmaceuticals development and product transformation, efforts are being made to restructure biopharmaceuticals such as proteins and multipolymerics.
The company continues to increase its investment in research and development innovation, upgrading its research and development capabilities through self-research + cooperation, 22 years of corporate R & D investment + 69.20%, and the cost of R & D.
In the research project, it was used to correct gel products, second-generation facial implants, profits, etc.
— October 27, 2022, all products such as Dokaindina mammogram are in the clinical trial stage: a botulinum toxin is in iii.
Clinical trial phase. The company strengthened its strategic layout in the area of weight management and lipid reduction, and signed an exclusive cooperation agreement with the Quantico Biology in Beijing - 25th of August 2022 for the Smegrum Injection Liquid Project, which is already under way.
During the pre-bed research phase, the product can extend the metabolic cycle, and the supply cycle is easy and the weight management is clearly effective, better able to meet market demand.
Under the scheme, the total number of restricted shares to be awarded to incentive recipients does not exceed 41.73 million, or about 0.19% of total equity. Of these, the total number of incentives awarded for the first time to restricted stocks and reserved restricted shares was 141, for company directors, executives, middle management and the core.
In the context of a tightening regulatory policy in the medical-American sector, American-Americans act as national medical leaders.
A high-quality line of domain compliance, full-scale and differentiated product matrices, clear product positioning, product mix advantages, stronger barriers to certification, forward-looking product layout and deep operation based on customer demand, product competitiveness, brand influence, many more.
Risks of changes in industrial policy: industry competition increases risks; new products are not sold as expected; products are not marketed as well as expected; authors are either qualified in securities investment advice or have considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent and professional attitude and independence and objectivity
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.