Emeralds (300896.sz): 23q1 increased again below the 22-year high base to stabilize the second-growth curve.
The Americian profits (300,896) increased by $410 million, 51.17 per cent over the same year, net profit from the non-mortality of $387 million, 49.26 per cent over the same year, and revenues from o1 camps increased by 46.3 per cent to $630 million.
\triangleright \Trangleright \Trangleright \Trangleright \Trangleright \Trangleright
In view of the apparent increase in the willingness of the core doctors to use and the accumulation of consumer mouthstones, the build-up of whites, the build-up of the sequence of follow-up products, we estimate that the white ratio is expected to continue to rise, and that the success of the white ratio is proving once again the superiority and replicability of the company's bottom logic in product development and promotion, regardless of the flow.
Quantities and high-end products can be marketed as stars. \triangleright, \triangleright, \triangleright, \, \tr, \t, \t, \t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, , t, t, , t, t, t, , t, t, t, t, , t, t, t, , t, t, t, t, , t, , , t, , t, , t, , , t, , , , t, , t, , , t, , , t, , , , , , , , , , , , t, , , , , , , , , , , , , t, , , t, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , t, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
The decrease in the sales cost rate is partly offset by an increase in the administrative cost rate. The sales cost rate is 2.1 pct less than the same year; the management cost rate is 2.91 pct to 7.99% higher, mainly due to the port share listing costs. Investment return + fair value change gain increases by $1.44 million on a year-on-year basis.
\triangleright Increased returns on long-term equity investments, rising fair value of invested enterprises in fair value terms, profit projections and investment ratings: Emmet q1 has increased again in an overall climate of depression and continues to be tested
\triangleright attests to the sustainability and trustworthiness of a good company. q2 is expected to gain a higher one-year increase with last year’s low base and the promotion of the luminometer.
Risk factors: macro-induced decline in consumer sentiment and risk of regulatory policy change.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio as Deputy Director-General of Research and Development. In 2021, he received the second in a new wealth zero suit, the first in a crystal ball suit, and the first in a retail fashion.
After graduate school in July of that year, he joined the Social Services Group for Employable Securities, and in November of 2022 he joined the New Sinda Consumers Group, covering the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, and the tax-exempt, eye-vision, invisible deformities, pets, retail, etc.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022, joined the new Sinda consumer group. The main components cover cosmetics, medical beauty.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.