Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) Channel Transformation, Poverty Reverse, Xinhua Insurance Startup Strategy Transformation: The company was established in September 1996 and has its headquarters in Beijing and is one.
In 2022, the company achieved a total premium of $163.1 billion, a 0.2 per cent decline. The first annual premium for long-term insurance was $38.8 billion, and the renewal fee was ranked second on average every year. The change of management is expected to lead to a diversification of Xinhua insurance.
The industry is leading the transition: overcapacity in high-risk production and shrinking proximate teams are industry’s past 52 weeks’ best/lowest prices.
In 2022, China’s life, Chinese security, China’s peace, China’s Xinxia, and Xinhua’s long-term first-year contribution to health insurance fell: 62.1%/ Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) – Quarterly Review 2022 – sales have stabilized.
The industry will continue its trend towards product diversification and nuanced services, with the combined contribution of channel products expected over the next three years: Xinhua Insurance, with its Xinhua Insurance at its core, moving towards a new development cycle in the context of product restructuring. 1) Xinhua Insurance is a combination of red-type insurance and health insurance.
This is an increase in the rate of product restructuring. It is expected to increase the share of the premium from 35.48 per cent to 38 per cent, making it the core of the Nbv growth. 2) In terms of the channel, the premium revenue from the silver channel is $43.9 billion, an increase of 7.8 per cent. Xinhua insurance will continue to be used in the future.
The asset-side configuration is more flexible: in 2022, the total investment assets of Xinhua Insurance increased by 11.1 per cent in the same year, the total investment returns were 46.8 billion yuan, and the same rate fell by 18.8 per cent, owing to fluctuations in the domestic and foreign asset markets.
With a high of 23.3%, higher than China’s life, China’s security, China’s peace, and the first phase of China’s Xinxia valuation rehabilitation, we have for the first time covered an Xinhua insurance rating. Field risks; increased competition in silver insurance channels; and the risk of increased channel costs.
Life-risk industry: transition fog, busting out of industry poverty: excess capacity for high-risk production and loss of agent corps from 2014 to 2017 was the golden period for the development of high-risk health risks in China’s life-risk market.
At the same time, the proxies test was abolished in July 2015, and the number of proxies rose sharply. The growth in the size of sales manpower has further accelerated the development of the Chinese life insurance industry’s various avenues of insurance and heavy-risk insurance.
Since 1 February 2021, the State has been implementing the Code for the Use of the Definition of Sickness in Major Sickness Insurance (Revised 2020), which further regulates the scope of insurance for products in the industry in terms of the classification of diseases, the number of diseases, the level of guarantees, etc., as well as reducing differences in the products of the insurance companies in the case of acute diseases.
At the same time, sales in the industry, using “cut-off” and “new rules” to pre-empt market demand, have further contributed to the inadequacy of marketing risks. As markets meet the demand for high-risk risks, agents “in distress” and “low incomes” have led to overall salesmen in the industry.
In 2022, China’s life, China’s safety, China’s security, China’s safety, China’s health, and Xinhua’s health-promoting teams of high-quality agents laid the groundwork for a gradual shift from relying on large sales teams to increasing per capita profits. It is expected that the size of listed insurance agents and per capita productivity will rebound in 2023.
Trends: The rejuvenation of client groups has led to the structural transformation of products and the development of distribution channels, with the shift of the main consumer power of the insurance market to “80 after” and “90 after”, the increased awareness of the wealth management of the insurance consumer group, and the gradual emergence of financial insurance products such as child education grants, pensions, etc. as hot sales products of the insurance market.
At a time when, under the influence of the rejuvenation of the client community and the spread of the Internet, insurance sales are not merely in the form of traditional online visits and production talks, the listed venture is gradually strengthening its cooperation with electricity suppliers and building itself.
In 2021, the Internet personal insurance operation accumulated a current-scale premium of $29,167 million, an increase of 38.2% over 2020, with health insurance increasing at a particularly rapid rate. Health insurance is expected to increase steadily in the future, with a large number of customers connected to Internet platforms.
Regulatory policy: Disrupting the competitive advantage of rigidity payments to raise insurance funds, with the end of the new regulatory transition period, breaking the rigidity of property and locking in the long-term gains of a fiscal-oriented insurance product is becoming competitive in the finance market.
Insurance products are characterized by stability, flexibility, safety, etc., and some of them are expected to be subject to further product restructuring, with specific rates of return identified in insurance contracts and long-term returns, thus making fiscal insurance products a more robust investment option.
In the first half of the year, savings-based insurance products will also be introduced into short-term sales, thus better laying the ground for long-term market expansion as one of the main channels for the marketing of fiscal insurance products, which has grown rapidly over the past five years. Unlike personal agents, banks have larger reserves of customers and more professional finance managers, thus providing financial security.
In China, China, China, and Xinhua have achieved sustained and stable cooperation with large banks by using their own state-owned backgrounds, and have laid a solid foundation for silver insurance channels;
With the increase in the volume of insurance sales, future silver insurance channels are expected to be at the heart of the Nbv growth, and the value of the channels will be realized through the use of bank-owned customer size, network coverage and high-middle net customer reserves.
There is a gradual decline in the reliance on acute health insurance and a gradual increase in the share of insurance products. At the same time, a healthy ecosphere has been set up to provide multiple services such as medical care, old age, health, etc.
Lower payment rates from the source have also gradually become a “new weather” within the industry, further expanding the scope of life insurance operations and creating a closed sales circle. We expect the overall premium revenue for the personal insurance industry to increase by 6% per year over the next three years.
Xinhua Insurance was established in September 1996 and is based in Beijing. It is a national professional life insurance company approved by the Chinese People’s Bank and approved by the State Council.
In 2022, Xinhua Insurance achieved a total premium of $163.1 billion, a 0.2 per cent decline in the same year. For the first year of its long-term insurance, Xinhua Insurance had a premium of $38.8 billion, a renewal premium of $11.97 billion and a short-term insurance premium of $4.6 billion, or 23.8 per cent and 73.4 per cent and 2.8 per cent, respectively.
In 2022, the premium income was $1164/439.28 million, an increase of -2.9 per cent/7.8 per cent/-3.3 per cent. One of the insurance channels was affected by the epidemic, among other factors, and the overall rate of increase was weak, mainly due to restrictions on agent participation, increased client outreach, and a decline in the total number of agents.
Life insurance companies, the volatility of the industry as a whole, also creates more uncertainty for Xinhua Insurance. The steady flow of silver insurance, which is better bargaining power than smaller life insurance companies, and the combination of its product advantages, prompts Xinhua Insurance to return to Xinhua Insurance at a faster rate of increase in its value.
The impact of the downside of the market economy has frustrated the development of group-risk operations. With the gradual recovery of the economy as a whole, the first quarter of 2023 saw an increase of 39.7 per cent over the same period, and future Xinhua insurance will further expand the size of the group-risk channel in conjunction with the consummation of the eco-region and its resource advantages.
In 2020, Xinhua Insurance introduced the concept of “One Wing, Technology Empowerment” which focuses on life insurance, combining asset management, the welfare industry, and technology empowerment to achieve the “1+2+1” strategy. 1) In terms of asset management, Xinhua Insurance manages and operates insurance funds through its asset management companies and assets management companies (Hong Kong).
The general idea behind the development of the insurance industry in China is to focus on the life insurance business of the company, focusing on individual clients and high- and middle-value net customers, addressing issues such as old-age, medical care, and so on, so as to achieve a healthy, healthy and old-age ecosphere. Without Xinhua insurance, the construction of the ecosphere will be further enhanced.) At the same time, technological empowerment will optimize the onlineization of the ecosphere.
Xinhua Insurance is expected to be given new impetus by changes in senior management in 2022. Xinhua Insurance Board Chairman Lee Xinhua Insurance Board, whose qualifications were approved in April 2023. Xinhua Insurance was introduced and funded in March 2010.
President of Xinhua Insurance Corporation: since August 2019, and Executive Director of Xinhua Insurance, since November 2022, Xinhua Insurance Board Chairman of the Seventh Xinhua Insurance Board of Li Qinghua Insurance Board, with qualifications granted in April 2023.
Xinhua Old-Age Insurance Corporation (Hong Kong), Chairman of the Xinhua Old-Age Insurance Corporation. Li Qing Quan has been appointed to Xinhua Foundation Management Division Limited and Jingjiang International Finance Company Limited. Zhang Xing Xinhua Insurance President; Xinhua Insurance Executive Director and Vice-President since June 2021; and Party Deputy Secretary since September 2019, and Zhang Xin Xinhua Health Director
Chairman, Director of Asset Management. Zhang Xing has been the Executive Director of China Reinsurance (Group) Limited.