Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Center, why do we think that there is a chance of using a friend network for valuation restoration? Currently, a friend is the valuation base of a global saas company.
High, cloud service implementation is high, and the current user is the base of the world’s typical saas company ps valuations. By comparing US shares, port shares, a share saas typical companies find the ps values of their friends (at 22 February ttm) at a significantly low level: US share typical saas.
The average value of the ps is 34.82, the average value of the ps of the port stock typical saas company is 46.37, and the average value of the ps of the a share typical saas company is 36.20. The overall global typical saas business ps values are at 30-50 levels, compared with the current apps of 16.70, which is significantly lower.
The saas enterprise subscription model naturally has a higher valuation premium. From the very nature of the ps valuation method, 1. Deep Focus Bip, Accelerating Cloud Transformation - Alumni Network, saas companies in high-speed development are better suited to ps valuation.
The two main reasons for enjoying high ps valuations are: 1) the saas subscription model allows more diggers to take the wheel in person to embrace the full life-cycle value of the cloud transformation opportunities; 2) revenue certainty to sustain visible income growth
And as R & D and sales rates decrease, the net interest rate for saas enterprises can be as high as 50%, thus supporting higher valuation premiums from capital markets.
Why do friends' ps have a chance to upgrade? 1) Push down the code, cloud-born lonbip platform, which is essentially a set of bottom-floor paas plus partial applications, based on cloud origin, microservices, low 4.
Technologies such as code development can effectively reduce the proportion of customized development and implementation, which, ideally, can be outsourced to third-party service providers to focus on the development and sale of software and platform products, thereby making 5. Deeper Cloud Transformation - Alumni Network Coverage Report.
To increase the company's Māori rate, on the other hand, because of the use of new technologies, a rapid upgrade of the platform can be achieved, and the share of future R&D costs is expected to decrease.) Pushing forward the public cloud-based subscription-fee model, the change in the payment model will further enhance the client's stickyness and reduce the sales cost ratio, and will also reduce the cost of sales.
Fluctuations in the growth of time iron revenues make future growth of corporate income more sustainable. 3) The erp has a higher degree of stickyness and customer loyalty, the use of friends has a clear advantage in the markets of large clients, the competitors have a strong lead in the product structure, and it is not too difficult to turn into a market leader.
zhaiwei@gjzq.com.cn The rain is heavy.
Business policy has fallen short of expectations: increased competition in the market: the epidemic affects downside risks. First, friends are the valuation base of the global saas company at 1.1 US dollars, the port stock, and the 21-year comparison of projections of a typical saas firm at 21 ps.
The appliance is the base of the global typical saas company ps values. Compared to the US shares, the port shares, the a share saas companies, the ps values are at a significantly lower level. According to our incomplete statistics, based on the ps (ttm) of February 22, 2021, the US share is the pssaas company.
The average value was 34.82. The average value of the ps of the typical saas stock company was 46.37.a The average value of the ps of the typical saas company was 36.20. Most saas business ps values in the table are at 30-50 levels, compared to 16.70 for friends, at a significantly low level.
1.2 Reasons for the low valuation by friends: the slow pace of cloud transformation, low acceptance by large clients, high implementation costs, slower transition with the main competitor Golden Flutter. Golden Fluttershy was established in 1993, 1999-2004, with a full business model for the erp industry, and started at home.
The erp software’s cloud transformation; in 2011, the cloud management transition started, and as of now there are 6.8 million global service providers, one of the fastest growing independent software producers in the global software market. And the era (1998-20014) hosts the erp software: until 2015, friends entered the 3.0 age.
The cloud service transition began with the launch of the first cloud product, u8cloud, in 2017, and the yonbip, based on the cloud’s birth, in 2020. With friends in the cloud transition, the process lags significantly behind the Golden Fluttershy.
With friends using customer resources plus technological advantages to open up the middle-end business market for Saas, nccloud has signed up a number of large clients from different sectors, enabling large firms to digitize. Corporate cloud services received more than 90% of their contribution from large clients in 2017-2019, and up to 2020.
In the third quarter, the total aggregate number of corporate service clients exceeded 6.27 million, of which the total amount of contracts awarded by large clients increased by 133.11 per cent over the same period, and the successful new signatories were a group of large leading firms, such as Technology, Kanshan Office, Shell China, South Air, which covered more than 58 per cent of the country ' s 100 billion class enterprises and 56 per cent of the top 500 enterprises.
Given that large enterprises are based on data security and stability considerations. The main focus of the choice is on private clouds and cloud clouds, the report of China ' s Business Utility Index 2018 shows that only 18.6 per cent of large enterprises are in public clouds, well below 23.8 per cent of medium-sized enterprises and 24.6 per cent of small enterprises.
The company ' s client pattern, which is dominated by large clients, and its demand for customized services, have created some difficulty for users in developing customer-centred integrated, integrated and eco-style enterprise digital saas platforms.
The increase in the number of cloud clients from Golden Fluttershy in the first half of 2020 led to an increase in the cost of laas, which led to a slight decline in the company ' s Māori ratio. By contrast, the rate of Māori for friends in the first half of 2020 was only 53.7%, a decline of 17.9% from the end of 2019.
The Māori rate for technical services and training products, 62.7 per cent, was 48.3 per cent, compared to the same period in the previous year, and the overall Māori rate for end-users was lower than that of Golden Fluttershy and other software manufacturers, mainly because the main clientele was dominated by large clients, who needed more implementation than SMEs and had lower earnings.
The value of the Ps valuations is discussed in terms of the nature of the 2.1s valuations.
The ps valuation method applies to non-profits or low levels of profit due to factors such as low Maori rates or high sales, research and development inputs, but in a stable future, net interest rates can be restored to a reasonable state  The core factors determining the low valuation of ps are net interest rates and pe valuation levels.
Market value/business income = (market value/net profit)* (net profit/business income) = net profit rate. As such, the core of the decision ps valuation is: 1) the level of net interest rates under future stability; and 2) the level of the pe valuation under stability.
Compared to the market rate, the market sales rate is taken into account from the company’s largest source of income. The probability of being manipulated as a net profit and as a source of each project is relatively small; however, the market sales rate of pss does not take into account the cost of different enterprises.
When indicators are used, they need to be analysed in conjunction with net profitability and pe, and there is a correlation between these three: current ps = future ps/(+ growth)n = future pe* net interest rate / (1+ growth rate) n = current pe* net interest rate.
The ps valuation method is applied to growing enterprises that have been temporarily inactive or less profitable for the purpose of marketing, research and development, etc. We can deform the market sales rate formula: the market gain = the market sales/net profit margin, as can be seen from the guaranteed market.
If the profit rate remains constant, then the market sales rate and the net profit rate will change in the same proportion, i.e. if a lower market rate is required, a higher net profit rate will not be obtained simultaneously. Thus, the companies that apply the market sales rate for valuation are mostly at a fast-growing stage and often at this stage of the enterprise’s presence.
In an emerging industry, the difficulties of technological under-matureness, low penetration, and instability of customers and suppliers are reflected in higher costs or lower profits in the enterprise’s financial statements. For firms at this stage, the most important is not to reduce costs and raise profits.
So the ps method is a more common valuation method for saas at this time of rapid development. 2.2 saas why can they enjoy high ps valuations?
First, the fee-based model determines a sustained increase in visible income. Saas refers to the software service provider ' s model of all network infrastructure facilities and software and hardware operating platforms needed for the enterprise to be computerized. Under this model, customers simply rent web-based software from the software service provider and do not need to purchase it.
This model is highly flexible, highly reliable, robustly expanded, and can significantly reduce the maintenance costs and inputs of clients, while at the same time it is leased and paid for on a volume basis.
The saas model captures the full life-cycle value of the client. The first year of the use of the license model for traditional software charges a licence fee, followed by an annual maintenance update fee (generally a licence).
The cost of the certificate is 15-20%. Take the sap for small business products, for example: license model: $8,000 for a single user,  its quantity = total software cost: upgrade service cost, software according to contract
A certain percentage (15-22 per cent) of total product is charged for 7 years of service and no further upgrade services are provided after 8.saas subscription model: assuming annual subscription fees account for License by industry average
35 per cent, calculated at $2803 per year. Comparisons show that after a user ' s useful life has exceeded five years, the cumulative income received under the subscription mode is higher, i.e., the saas model increases the number of customers for products with a long life cycle.
On the other hand, as a result of a continuous charge on single customers under the saas subscription model, the annual income will continue to grow as the number of households accumulates.
Under the fee model, since payments by a single client are made on a one-time basis, the total annual income is determined by the total number of clients received in the current year, and if the total number of clients received does not continue to grow each year, the income will also fluctuate.
▪ Second, steady-state growth in income and higher net interest rates support higher valuation premiums in capital markets. In the saas model, because of the high stickyness of customers and consistent cloud-end research and development, it will be possible to increase the price premium.
With the growth in income, the cost of R & D and sales falling, net interest rates can eventually reach as much as 50%. We assume that 40% of net interest rates are in a stable state for a saas enterprise, 30 times more in a stable state as a software company, and that a stable three-year period of growth for a company is now within reach.
▪ In the case of Adobe, the company has been in a cloud transition since 2012, the fee-based model has begun to shift to a model designed for Saas, and the cloud service income has increased from 15 per cent in 2013 to 3 per cent in 2020, and why there are opportunities for improved use of friends' ps
3.1 Push down code, cloud-born yombip platform yonbip commercial innovation platform, consisting mainly of application services, platform services and ecological services, using new structures such as cloud logs, microservices, mid-stageization, digital separation, etc., as third parties to access
Applied providers or large enterprises with the ability to develop, provide a set of bottom-floor paas platforms and some of their own applications. yombuilder is a bottom-level development platform for yonbip, providing visual development capabilities for uncoded and low-coded codes, cementing the foundations of the paas, and helping large clients to develop quickly to meet their own needs.
On the one hand, while lowering the human cost of appliance development and the technology threshold, on the other hand, it can significantly reduce the development time, helping businesses to reduce their efficiency and improve their product delivery efficiency. onbip focuses on enabling industries and the Internet.
Three phases, the first core business is finance software, and the second core is integrated packages erp, and the third phase is business innovation platform bip. yonbip aims to be an industry Internet platform that focuses on upstream and downstream customer integration and connectivity.
New technologies, such as bio, micro-services, low-code development, can quickly meet the individualized needs of large clients, effectively reduce the proportion of customized development and implementation, and ideally, friends can even outsource software applications to third-party service providers and focus themselves on software and platform development and sales.
On the other hand, because of the use of new technologies, the rapid and iterative upgrading of platforms can be achieved, the share of R & D costs in the future is expected to decrease, companies' long-term profitability is 3.2 push-to-subsistence, and income growth potential is high.
At present, companies have a higher voice for small and medium-sized enterprises.
But when it comes to large-scale customers, companies tend to deploy and configure in response to the needs of large customers, for example, because of the high unit price and the ability to attract other customers by setting up poles. However, large-scale firms are more likely to be deployed and configured to suit the needs of large-scale customers.
Business clients still prefer a single buyout for private cloud deployment, including in terms of information security, which makes it more difficult to introduce a public cloud-based subscription model. But companies are also raising the product power of publicly owned cloud products and encouraging salesmen to pay subscriptions to large business customers.
In addition, one of the company ' s business objectives for 2021 is to achieve a 100% or more increase in revenue from subscription services.
Why do we look at the growth potential of a friend-to-friend move toward a subscription payment model? One is that a subscription-to-pay model can smooth the cyclical fluctuations in corporate income and enhance revenue certainty.
The traditional software manufacturer's business model is a project based on the sale of software licences, a software package The cost of follow-up services after sale is relatively small (mostly non-existent), revenue is recognized upon completion of the project, basically based on a one-time charge, later product overlaps, upgrades, and the customer makes a one-time purchase
Thus, in general, the revenue of software enterprises is cyclical, especially in countries where the clientele of software enterprises is primarily b- and g-based, and where the information input is mostly relevant to the economic cycle, the policy cycle (usually five years), and even in the lower cycle of the economy, the enterprise is faced with it.
Cash flow pressures reduce informative inputs, leading to a cycle of fluctuations in software business income under the project. In the saas business model, businesses pay for their annual/monthly subscriptions, and the cost of their single-time inputs is reduced. Short-term cash flow pressures can be effectively alleviated, on the other hand, with the decline in cloud services.
The second is that the subscription-paying model provides continuity in the growth of corporate income. The traditional one-time authorization model is exhausted.
This can be achieved through software upgrades, which allow duplicate purchases by older clients, but with less predictable income and longer repurchase cycles. Upgraded to a subscription-paying model, companies can increase production by investing more of their costs in product iterative upgrading and new product development rather than in large sales costs.
As a result, companies’ annual subscription earnings are highly predictable, their earnings are more volatile, their repurchase rates are more stable and sustainable.
With the rapid growth of cloud revenues in the corporate income ratio and the rapid spread of the subscription-paying model, we believe that there is still room to improve the valuation level of friends. Moreover, the subscription-paying model enhances client stickyness, which in the future will help to reduce sales costs to friends.
For example, we charge $1 million for a single project of friends to clients of large enterprises: under the traditional project system, assuming that a software package is sold for $1 million, and after the year's input into marketing costs, a single customer receives $250,000; the cost of day-to-day business management, R & D inputs is shared.
A single customer has a quarter of a million, so the traditional project has the profits that the client could contribute to the business for the year.
In the first four years, the accumulated profits were less than the project. But starting in the fifth year, the client was able to contribute more to the business than the traditional project model under the saas model. 3.3 yonbip’s success in extension was a margin event.
• Why do we think that yombep can succeed in becoming a business innovation platform for the enabling industry Internet?1, development experience, product maturity. New technologies like cloud logs, micro-services, low-code development, etc. have themselves matured, and the development of products using such new technologies is not in itself difficult, and
The company has continued its research and development investment on the lonbip platform, which has now rapidly evolved into the third generation, and has been equipped with eight major modules. At the same time, the bottom platform, based on the multi-year experience of large-scale corporate client development, with a rich product line and high maturity, has become more accessible.
Intra-reform is an important strategic opportunity to transform friends. At the dawn of the important opportunities of intellectualisation, nationalization, globalization, a series of changes have been made within friends, providing a vast market space to accelerate the construction and development of yonbip ecology.) This is an opportunity to seize.
Founder and managing director of Wang Wen King. It helps the group to coordinate resources across the board, seize strategic development opportunities for corporate and public organization cloud services, and accelerate the efficient implementation of strategic decision-making using 3.0 for friends. 2) Dissociate non-core operations, focusing on the yonbip platform 2020.
In November, a friend car was split up and placed on the market. The subsidiary was placed on the market, giving the subsidiary more flexibility in the area of disaggregation and preventing in-house resource shortages. In July 2020, the company issued an additional plan to raise $6.4 billion for the construction of the yonbip platform, and the parent company was gradually downsized.
Focusing on yombep. 3) There is a significant expansion of R & D personnel. In 2021, the company plans to increase research and development on the Yonbip Business Innovation Platform for Friends of Products (Yonbip) in order to maintain continuous corporate leadership in technology and applied innovation, and to enhance the optimization and improvement of the R & D process.
The period of erp accumulates a great deal of customer resources, and barriers are strong. Friends accumulate a large number of customers from the erp period, while erp products themselves are sticky, client loyalty, and friends accumulate significant advantages in markets such as large customers, state corporations, etc.
And leading friends in the rollout of a new generation of architecture products, but they have not yet been able to turn the product into a market advantage. As a new generation of friends, yonbip, is fast going to the market, we believe that friends have the hope of continuing to consolidate and even expand their advantage in the markets of large firms’ customers.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals Profit forecasting assumptions and their necessary explanations: The company's main business includes software operations, cloud operations (excluding financial cloud services) and financial services
Section III. Operating income assumptions for each component are as follows: Software operations: software operations, i.e. corporate traditional software operations, covering erp packages for large enterprises, medium-sized enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises, industries and areas, software package operations, solutions, technology and applications platforms and
Businesses such as professional services. In response to technological developments and the intellectualization of the number of enterprises, companies will accelerate the clouding of such software operations in the future and gradually convert their revenues into cloud business revenues, so it is expected that 20- Cloud operations: Cloud operations are the core business of companies using the friendly 3.0 strategy for the new period.
Services, software, and financial services are integrated and developed by building and operating the global leading corporate cloud service platform, providing cloud platform services, business application services, industry clouds, cloud solutions, etc., to business customers and public organizations. As government policies continue to advance and corporate cloud demand increases, cloud service revenues are generated
Financial services business: The financial services business includes, inter alia, payment services for enterprises and Internet investment information services.
Payment services, which are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years; IFS operations will continue to transform and upgrade service operations and business models in line with the guidance and requirements of financial regulators; other operations are expected to continue: other operations include Internet insurance brokerage, social chemical services, education
Businesses such as business and corporate financial management and government financial management. This business will remain stable over the next few years. Software business: company deep-farming software business has been in place for many years, products are technologically mature, business systems are well developed, 20-Cloud business is expected: as the company expands its cloud service market, companies will need to continue to expand their data centre regulations.
Financial services operations: In terms of industry averages, corporate payment services operations and Internet access to finance information, companies will continuously promote the integration of software operations, cloud services operations and financial services, and expenditure on development costs will be more stable, but corporate management models, distribution channels, etc., have matured and associated management fees have been introduced
The cost of use and sale will fall. As corporate income increases steadily, the overall cost rate is expected to show up gradually.
First, the cloud service business, with the full roll-out of the saas subscription model for the yonbip product, is expected to increase its revenue ratio in the future, as well as the increase in the Māori rate, the decline in the cost of R&D and sales, and the loss of profits.
Ps, which is expected to yield $8,411 million in 22 years for cloud operations, corresponding to 22 years for cloud operations, and, second, for traditional software operations, $4,301 million for 22 years for corporate software operations, selecting the leading electronics, stone-based information, longlight technology and supermapping software for the software business divisions by software
Business policy has fallen short of expectations. The digital transformation of our enterprises is in its early stages, with the majority of the world’s top 500 companies now leading the transition in large firms, with the country’s finance, government, etc. falling behind in many sectors, which could affect the development of corporate services.
Market competition increases. Company software operations and cloud services face certain market competitions, in which clothing is in the early stages of the market, competition is intense, and more competitors are expected to join as the relevant industries develop, if there are more competitive competitors or randomly low-priced competitions.
This will have a negative impact on companies’ operations. The impact of the new coronary pneumonia will have a more severe negative impact on the economy, and businesses in all sectors will reduce their costs in order to maintain normal operations, and the cloud will slow down.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment