On the other hand, in 2024, the Group achieved $40,409,89 million in operating income.
Dollars, +24.7 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of $44.96 billion, +64.9 per cent, +64.9 per cent; group operating risk change, the quality of which continues to show, the value of the new business has grown steadily, and the value of the new business has increased significantly. \triangleright
Continuous optimization of single quality leads to robust value growth. 2) Companies are timely, business value equal to +57.7 per cent and new business value equal to +8.6 pt. Channels: the ability of a risk team to continue to improve and the silver policy to develop kinetic energy to show up. 1) an insurance agent: team
Growed to the core, the capacity of the team continued to be drawn up, the capacity and income of the core workforce continued to rise, and in 2024, the agent channel achieved a size premium of $20,2479 million, or 3.6 per cent of the year, with a new single-period premium compared to the value of the insurance strategy, a growing dynamic, a significant increase in the value of the new business contribution, and a 2024 silver cover.
(a) The realization of a premium income of $40.902 billion, or 7.4 per cent, of the same amount;
Up to 10.7 per cent, with non-car insurance premiums +1.6 pct to 47.2 per cent; 2) CPF combined cost increased by 0.9 pct to 98.6 per cent in 2024, mainly affected by major disasters such as natural disasters, resulting in an increase in payments, with car insurance coor +0.6 pct to 98.2 per cent, compensation rates + 2.7 per cent and non-vehicle insurance.
Investment end: equity markets rebounded to drive a significant increase in total return on investment, total/net return on investment Investment proposal: companies continue deep and deep into the “long voyage” transformation, business performance increases robustly, continue to consolidate and upgrade the results of the first phase of the engineering transition, and continue to deepen the “triple five-most” transformation of the agency channel, which is expected to continue.
The quality and efficiency of its liabilities, the persistence of its product-risk operations and the deepening of its client base, we believe, are expected to continue to lead its partners in the growth of its financial operations and its coor performance. Overall, companies have a high level of resilience, life insurance, financial insurance and robust financial management, and the value growth base is expected to grow further, along with the macroeconomy.
\triangleright end-of-end interest rates are over-expected, and risk-orientated reforms are not as fast as expected.
Figure 2: China ' s new business value and year-on-year rate of increase, Figure 3: China ' s new business value for life insurance
Figure 5: Average monthly insurance salesmen (persons) Figure 6: Rates of return on investment in China's Taibo
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.