Nbvm boosted value increases, investment returns driven high performance, and China Pacific (6016001) 2024 Annual Report Review, 28 March 2025
In 2024, the revenue from China's export was 404,089 million yuan, an increase of 24.7 per cent in the same year; the profit from mother-to-child operations was 34,425 million yuan, an increase of 2.5 per cent in the same year; the net profit from mother-to-child net profit netbv has grown steadily and nbvm has continued to rise.
Main data, March 27, 2025 188,000 end-of-service insurance salesmen, 2.7 per cent higher than at the end of the first half of the year; proxy channel size insurance
The December minimum price (in dollars) increased by 3.6 per cent over the same period, with a 9.7 per cent increase in the size premium for the new insurance period and an increase in the cost of the monthly production insurance for the core workforce. (1) In 2024, EPP achieved the original insurance premium income
Of the $201,243 million, an increase of 6.8% over the same period, vehicle insurance and non-car insurance premiums continue the downward trend, with credit spreads going up and down. China has maintained its efforts to strengthen long-term interest rates, debt allocation, appropriate equity asset growth, bond investment and equity investment, respectively, compared to 2023.
RMB 120,394 million in total investment returns, an increase of 13.5 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a significant increase in gains and losses on fair value changes; a 5.6 per cent increase in total investment returns of 3.0 percentage points in the same year.
The central strategy of the “equity value” led the investment returns to a sharp performance, maintaining the Chinese Taibo’s “buy-in” rating. As of March 27, China’s Taibo pev stood at 0.54, with China’s projected net profit of 47.405 billion yuan in 2025.
Risks that are expected to lead to a decrease in premium premiums: the risk that asset-end investment returns will fall faster than expected as long-end interest rates fall; the wind that the continued tightening of regulatory policies will make new policy sales more difficult; the “market index” of this rating system, a reference point being 300 indexes; and the three-board index of the new three-board frame of reference.
“Stead” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.