Quarterly 2023: The kitchen food-for-food meal is warm and the profit is better than the profit is better The net interest rate ring +0.29 pct to 1.25 per cent, and the overall profit margin is better.
The share of gains and losses is larger, mainly derived from derivatives that did not fully meet hedging accounting requirements during the period. The fair value change gain is close to $625 million, which represents a larger share. On a split basis, 2023q1 D.D. achieved a similar increase in sales and profits of kitchen foods, benefiting mainly from the gradual growth of the domestic catering industry.
The cost of raw materials such as soybean, soybean oil, and palm oil has been reduced by the same time. Forage raw materials and fat technology products have increased in sales and business earnings have increased by the same time, but in the run-up to falling prices, corporate profits on fat technology-related products have been squeezed, resulting in lower profits than in the same year.
The conflict in the Russian Federation and the effects of weather conditions, with price increases for raw materials such as soybeans, palm oil, wheat, etc., which are influenced by the weakness of the domestic economy and weak consumption, have not fully covered the rise in the cost of raw materials. But the price of raw materials such as soybeans, palm oil, etc., began to fall in the second half of 2022.
Given the current high commodity price decline, the company is expected to profit or benefit simultaneously. The sales of high-end products are growing steadily, and new projects, such as the chef, are well on the ground.
In 2022, the company continued to increase its promotion of high-quality kitchen foods, with a steady increase in sales of high-end products, with more than 7% of the medium- and high-end products of small-packaged oil.
In the case of rice, sales of high-end products are also increasing, and in the case of rice, sales of high-end products are increasing.
Gold Dragonfish (30099.sz)-2022h1 Profited, q2 cost-pressure marginal technology developed by the company, starting with the whole industry chain of rice processing, maintaining the diversity of Golden Dragonfish (300999.sz) 2021 net profit periods, chefs, etc.
The rice is fresh, raising the taste of the product. Although the growth rate of high-end products has slowed in the last two years, the company believes that the Golden Dragonfish - 300999-2021 Quarterly Review: Short-term net profit pressure, plus centralization, is confident of future growth of high-end products as consumption rises and macroeconomic conditions improve.
The Golden Dragonfish - 300999-2021 semi-annual review: a steady increase in central harvests, kitchen investment proposals: kitchen food taps, diversity development is expected, and buy-in is maintained. The company is a good quality growth standard for the management hierarchy. The advantage of "big brands + multiple channels + low costs" is obvious.
Dollars, corresponding to 62/50/41x, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Dollars (+7.97% of the same year), net return to the mother 854 million yuan (+645.99% of the same year), net profit to the non-return to the mother yielding a gain or loss of 625 million yuan on the fair value of derivatives that do not fully meet the hedging accounting requirements during the period
The company, as a kitchen food leader, has strong brands and channels, sales and harvests. The kitchen food business grew by 10.67% in 2022, and the country’s layout, variety, multi-brand, and multichannels contributed to a steady expansion of the overall size.
In the last three years, the market share of modern channels has been ranked first in all three categories of products, while companies are expanding new areas such as spices, yeasts, solar products, vegetable meat, and central kitchens. We believe that companies have passed through the extension of the industrial chain.
It is expected that the existing situation will be better integrated and synergized, with long-term development in the new product category. Figure 5: Growth rate of gold dragonfish sub-operations (in %) Figure 6: Ratio of gold dragonfish sub-business operations (in %)
In the context of high prices of raw materials, companies achieve maximum efficiency and economies of scale through large complexes of enterprises, bringing industrial chains up and down to a production base, thereby reducing overall logistics and inventory costs, while sharing infrastructure, energy supply, logistics, management teams, etc.
Net operating cash flows are at a flat pace, and receivables and inventory turnover are more stable. In cash flows, $6.6194 billion in cash was received from sales in 2023q1 (year-on-year + 11%), with steady growth and operational liquidity.
Net gold flows of $7,866 million (year-on-year +363 per cent), mainly as a result of the increase in sales returns and changing procurement schedules, figure 9: operating cash flows of goldfish, figure 10: main liquidity liquidity of goldfish
Investment recommendations: The company is a good quality growth indicator for management, the advantages of “strong brands + multiple channels + low costs” are evident, kitchen foods have a strong leader, and diverse new business such as rice, noodles, spices, central kitchens have a meta, corresponding to a "buy-in" rating of 62/50/41x.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject