A significant increase in performance during the quarter, with the release of profit elasticity throughout the year, the Gold Dragonfish (30099.sz) incident evaluation report, the Golden Dragonfish announcement: $61.04 billion (+8.0 per cent) in 2023q1 battalion; and the return of the gold dragonfish to their mother.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn heyh1@cfsc.com.cn  Income growth is steady and maternal growth is significant
2013q1 won $61.04 billion (+8.0 per cent); net parent profit of $850 million (+ is the effect of losses and losses on derivative financial instruments that do not fully meet hedging accounting requirements). 202 and the profits of the fat technology plate; 1.3 per cent net interest rate (+0.9 pct) is the cost-in-charge
(b) Increase in the rate of gross domestic product in the kitchen, which is affected by factors such as the drought in South America and the conflict in the Russian Federation, and rapid increases in the prices of major raw materials such as soybeans, soy oil and palm oil, which are 2023q1 major raw materials
Forage and fat technology products have increased in sales and receipts, but in a fall, profits have been squeezed and profits have been reduced. The costs are expected to remain stable, and the cook project is expected to run smoothly.
The current downward trend in soybean prices is expected to remain stable due to the combination of climate and international economic impacts. In 2022, Hangzhou, Zhouguchi, and Chongqing went into production, which is still on the slope, and is expected to run smoothly over a period of one to two years.
In 2023, the rice kitchens, such as Euphoria, Shenyang, and the galleries, will be built into production, forming a chain of culinary industries, covering the surrounding regions, and are expected to create new performance points. As consumption demand recovers and costs fall and the trend towards high-end growth continues, public authorities will continue.
The business is expected to continue to move forward steadily, with fluctuations in demand downstream, prices of raw materials, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.