Audio Holdings (688036): Emerging market fundamentals are solid, and business expansion is back and forth — corporate overview: companies are positioned on technology brands, with Africa as a fundamental source of continuous business expansion to emerging markets. Companies are mainly engaged in the design, R & D, production, and marketing of smart terminals with mobile phones at their core.
The main products are tecno, itel, and infinix brand phones, including functional and smart machines. The marketing regions are concentrated in Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America, where the dollar grew to 62,295 million yuan, with cagr as high as 19.7%.
At the same time, emerging-market middle class rapid rises and low penetration of mobile phones has high potential for consumption. According to idc statistics, companies ranked second in the first half of 2024 in the global mobile market with 14.4%, with smart machines accounting for 9.1% and fourth in the global market.
In the South Asian market, Pakistan is ranked first in the smart market; Bangladesh is ranked first in the smart market; and India is ranked seventh in the smart market. Looking ahead, we believe that the growth in the size of the company in Africa will be due mainly to: 1. Africa’s overall growth in mobile markets; 2. The increase in the penetration rate of smart machines; 3. The increase in the current market share of low-income countries. We believe that the future growth in corporate performance in new markets, such as South Asia and Latin America, will come mainly from: 1. The penetration of low-prevalence countries, 2.
Vertical: Ai+New Business Gesture Core Competitiveness, built from shallow depths of sound ecological platforms. Since its inception, the company has focused on overseas markets and is expected to rely on natural geographical advantages based abroad to gain access tochatgpt, enabling the movement of interconnected business, enrichment, enhancement of application performance, and development of diversified smart hardware equipment.
With regard to mobile Internet services, the early mobile Internet layouts of sound spread from operating systems, application shops, play centres to basic product matrices such as tools, building up complete flow flow channels. On this basis, the ability to distribute advertisements based on their own traffic and to provide medium-level services based on large data was further built. In addition to the deepest basic capabilities of mobile phones, app ecologize, sound and web-friendly, tweaking, etc., partnerships have developed the leading music stream media platform in Africa, Boomplay, Africa’s first integrated content distribution application, phoenix, and Africa’s top ranking.
Three news-consolidation applications, like scooper and other mau levels, have become the best amplifiers for China's advanced Internet products and resources, and capital entry into African markets. Currently, soundings have reached all 54 countries in Africa with mobile Internet operations, building new commercial and technological hubs through localized team-building, condensing and scavenging the conglomerate, and becoming important players in Africa's “digital infrastructure”.
A second growth pole for companies: emerging market smartphones, diversified business layouts, accelerated penetration, deep-ploughing emerging country markets, the “King of Africa” global.
The company was established in August 2013 and placed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange board in 2019. The company ' s main products are tecno, itel, and infinix branded mobile phones, which are sold mainly in emerging global markets such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and South America, and have steadily increased their presence in the global mobile market. According to the Quarterly Tracking Report on idc, 14% of the global mobile phone market in 2023, ranked third in terms of the number of smart machines.
The market was 8.1% and ranked fifth. In 2023, the sound was ranked first in Africa, Pakistan, Bangladesh, and the Philippines, and sixth in India. At the same time, based on the preponderance accumulated in emerging markets, companies actively implemented diversified strategic layouts around their main business, creating digital accessories brands oraimo, home appliances brands syinix, and post-sale services brands carlcare.
Figure: Corporate cellular products targeted at multiple consumer groups
In the market development trend of machine-to-smart swaps, the firm foundation of smart machine prices has been the firm profit end of the company's follow-up investment in mobile Internet, etc.: Māori rates have fluctuated but regressed, and costs have steadily raised the ability to control reasonable profitability to the core of Africa. Corporate profitability has been growing.
In view of the rapid growth in market sales for the new expansion of corporate products in Asia and elsewhere with low Maori rates, the company ' s Māori rate has fluctuated in recent years, but with the optimized structure of the company ' s markets in Asia and elsewhere, as well as the increasing visibility and recognition of its products, we believe that the pressure period in the new market has passed and the pressure on the company ' s profitability will continue to diminish. In the short term, 2023q4 began to be affected by price fluctuations in raw materials such as upstream components and storage of mobile phones.
Short-term pressure, but companies are active in cost optimization and inventory management, and with product structural upgrades and strong emerging market demand, we believe that the company’s Māori ratio, after a short temporary adjustment, is expected to recover steadily in more stable areas. At the same time, net corporate interest rates, with the exception of those affected by macro-environmental shocks in 2022, are on the ups and downs.
At the same time, in order to maintain the competitiveness of their products, firms will continue to expand the scope of their products and forms of services, continue to innovate, increase their research and development inputs such as science and technology, increase their products and mobile connectivity, improve the end-of-life experience of mobile phone users and improve their competitiveness, and pay for their research and development.
A horizontal comparison with industry companies shows that the company ' s roe has always been a leader in the industry, higher than the company ' s three-star electronics, and also reflects the company ' s excellent profitability: comparable company roe levels (%)
Horizontal: Based on Africa’s absolute leadership, sustained deployment of emerging markets, rapid economic growth in emerging countries, leading to a sustained shift in demand for consumption, a high population base and a rejuvenation of the population structure of emerging markets. According to the population figures and projections report released by the United Nations, the world’s total population is projected to be 9.7 billion by 2050.
In Africa, where 1.3 billion people, or 50 per cent of the world’s total population, will be added, the fastest growing world population, followed by Asia, with 874 million. According to United Nations statistics, in 2023, over 70 per cent of countries on average were under 20 years of age in 54 African countries, with a very high share of young people in the African population.
More receptive to new technology brands, more willing to experiment with consumer electronic brands that are more expensive and better able to meet customization needs, and young and dynamic consumer power structures in emerging national markets, companies that are moving to the sea with a voice-held technology brand are expected to fully enjoy the dividends of a young population structure and population size: medium-digit distribution of the world ' s population by age
Figure: United Nations world population projections (billions)
The rapid economic growth in emerging countries has led to a sustained shift in demand for consumption, a rapid rise in the middle class and a high potential for lower cellular penetration. According to the United Nations Office of the Special Adviser on Africa, the size of the middle class in Africa is likely to be high by 2060.
Over 40% of the continent’s total population, and this demographic change offers unprecedented opportunities for the development of Africa’s consumer markets. Also, according to the World Bank, in the last two decades, final per capita household consumption expenditure in emerging countries has been increasing, with South Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, sub-Saharan Africa, and the Middle East and North Africa region growing at a combined rate of 4.2%, 1.7%, 1.1%, 1.3%, and at an all-time high in 2023.
At 77 per cent, 79 per cent and 84 per cent, mobile phones remained at low levels in sub-Saharan Africa, the Middle East and North Africa and emerging markets in Asia and the Pacific, with 46 per cent, 66 per cent and 59 per cent, respectively, in 2021, with much room for improvement compared to mature markets: final household consumption expenditure per capita (2015 prices, United States dollars)
The historical record of China's trade is constantly updated, and the business environment is optimized. According to a special press conference on China's Deep Trade and Economic Cooperation Region, held by the Ministry of Commerce in September 2024, China has launched a new chapter in China's cooperation to promote the entry of more Chinese commodities into emerging markets.
In 2023, Central Africa's trade peaked at $282.1 billion, an increase of 1.5 per cent over the previous year. Central Africa's trade has been innovative in scale and continues to be optimized. In emerging areas, Central Africa has expanded its “wire-wire-wires” collaboration, successfully organizing Africa's good web-buying festivals, implementing Africa's “one hundred store-to-one platform” initiative, and leading Chinese enterprises to actively contribute to the development of e-commerce, mobile payments, media entertainment, etc. in Africa. According to the International Monetary Fund, China has been in Africa for nearly 20 years.
Emerging market exports grew rapidly, amounting to $1.49 trillion in 2023 for emerging and developing economies, up from 2004 to this year’s compound increase of 15%. In addition, India’s think tanks, foreign ministries, etc., China’s trade in China, China, China, China, China, China and the United States in the 2023-2024 fiscal year, was India’s largest trading partner. In the 2023-2024 fiscal year, India’s imports of electronics, telecommunications equipment, and electrical appliances reached $898 billion, while China alone accounted for the share.
Figure: China’s export value (fob, US$ million) is based on Africa’s absolute leading position, with the continued deployment of emerging markets’ absolute leadership in Africa’s markets, and high-level Māori dominance. Companies have an absolute market share in Africa’s markets, and have been in the forefront of the industry for many years.
In Africa, the smart market is now focused on super-low markets (less than $100) with major competitors, including the rice-based red-meet series and a-line and three-star low-end machines, but no rivals have yet been able to hit the company’s leadership in Africa’s mobile phone market. As African mass market manufacturers increase the supply of their products.
According to Canalys, the ultra-low end market is projected to grow by 13% in 2024. There is still much room for higher penetration by firms in some African countries, and it is expected to benefit further from an increase in the current market share of countries with lower market participation rates.
With Africa’s absolute leadership, canalys continue to create emerging markets, with Africa’s home-grown innovation to address the pain, and with the asp and smartphone penetration to increase corporate performance. Companies always insist on localization and home-grown innovation.
The core claims of consumers in the continental market are four core advantages in the field of dark-skinned photo technology, innovation in hardware applications, high-data user behavior analysis, and os systems, and mobile Internet products services. Companies are gaining a stronger brand recognition and market position in Africa’s mobile markets. Thanks to the release of new products from major suppliers and the easing of most market expansion, the volume of smartphones from Africa’s 2024q1 region, according to Canalys, has increased by 24% on an equal basis, with companies relying on core advantages in the process of increasing the penetration of higher unit-cost smarts.
There are still many opportunities for expansion, and Africa’s smartphone market is growing steadily. We believe that the size of the company’s collections in Africa is expected to increase further along with the growth in Africa’s mobile phone market and the increase in the amount of asp brought about by the replacement of smart machines.
Figure: Africa’s smartphone penetration, based on Africa’s absolute leading edge, continues to push emerging market layouts, leading the way in such markets as Pakistan, Bangladesh, and so on in order to boost the global development of emerging markets. New markets that companies are investing in include, inter alia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, Latin America, and China.
In regions like Eastern Europe, companies have achieved better results in new markets after years of layout and replication of successful experiences in Africa. According to the company in mid-2024, companies ranked first in Pakistan ' s smart market position by 2024h1; Bangladesh ' s smart market ranked first; India ' s smart market ranked seventh.
In South and South-East Asia, mobile sales continue to be driven by equipment with a price of less than $299, with companies always in a leadership position at that price belt, with output at the top of the segment. And, due to increased price competition and market saturation, high-end manufacturers like Samsung and Opo have difficulty competing directly with companies’ price-centric machines.
Figure: Changes in market share of smartphones in South-East Asia Vertical: ai+new business style hard core competitiveness built from shallow-to-deep audio-ecological platforms constantly exploring new business patterns and exploring localizing business models
The company’s advantage in terms of access to land-based extension and service networks everywhere in Africa is the next phase of a solid foundation for mobile Internet layout and deep-farming in Africa, where the company has now completed the eco-model layout of mobile Internet services + home appliances, digital accessories. With regard to mobile Internet services, in particular, the company has built a complete flow of products from 2016 onwards, starting with operating systems, applied shops, play centres, and then expanding to basic product matrices such as tools.
The company has further built up its own flow-based advertising distribution capacity and its data-based medium-service capacity, with its extensive direct contact with first-hand African network users, acquiring the same flow-covering capability as the giants google, meta. According to statistics, African developers get over 60% of their users from google, meta, using sound transmissions. In addition to the deepest basic ability to bind their phones, p. Ecology, working with web-friendly, tether, etc., has developed Africa’s leading music stream media platform, Boomplay, etc.
Africa’s first integrated content distribution application, phoenix, and Africa’s top three news-pollization applications, like scooper and others, have become the best amplifiers of China’s advanced Internet products and resources and capital into Africa’s markets. Currently, sounding through mobile phones and mobile Internet operations connects all 54 countries of Africa to full-link operations, building up new commercial and technological hubs through local integration teams, depositing and swipes in the Great Ecoosphere, and making them key players in Africa’s “digital infrastructure”
Figure: Corporate integration of more than 290 telecommunications operators to launch the cloud ecosystem platform transcmp: sounding of the first enterprise-level data insight platform with a focus on African markets
Number and length of time spent per person Game category Active application industry ratio
The company relies on its natural geographical advantages abroad to access the chhatgpt to enable it to move connected business, enrich the variety of items, enhance application performance, and develop diversified smart hardware equipment.
Ecosystems. Core functions include: (i) customized aides: supporting global multilingualism, completing real-time translation, notebook generation, etc.; (ii) enhanced photography: achieving deep-skinned to multi-skinned technological breakthroughs; (i) enabling the ability to fully upgrade the experience of mobile phone use and increase the market share of enabling companies. In the future, the application of an aides is expected to be integrated with apps, further increasing market penetration.
Landing, the mobile Internet ecology area is expected to be the second growth pole for companies.
The company, as the emerging market leader in positioning “technology brands to the sea”, has a clear competitive advantage in emerging markets. We believe that corporate barriers to competition and the winning factor in competition in the market can be understood as: 1. Focus on the emerging market mobile phone leadr, which is the basic wheel; 2. Build its own moats around the base plate through localization, localization innovation, etc.: 3, expanding horizontal coverage of this direction and building depth (building the ecology of “cell phones plus mobile Internet services plus household electricity, digital accessories”)
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.