The Mandalay Programme was upgraded by 2.0, leading to the marketing, content production and Mango super-magnetism (300413.sz) and new trends in the brokering of artists
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) • DMP upgrade 2.0, plus kol+ip+ new trends in marketing
Circles; Continuum Project " Sisters on the Wind" continues to be hot, working together to shatter live and increase advertising sponsorship, membership income and derivative sales, with the hope of leading the new model of the polymagnetic belts; the establishment of the Mango Academy, plus the large kol support, with the hope that the pup will grow into a mature pgc system through the Pyramid Plan
We maintain the previous projections of profits, predicting the continued heat of the company's "Sisters on Wind Waves" and lead the new model of the "Sisters on Wind Waves" based on unique subject content, high-quality production levels, and stereo marketing.
The programme has become a phenomenon-like phenomenon. Together, the programme is being broadcast on an exclusive basis, and we also mentioned in the new chapter of June 14, entitled "Sisters on the Wind": "Mongo on the Wind."
(b) Promotion of the annual membership card, which will increase the income of the members; and (c) opening of the "Mongotv good" quiver shop with a live layout of the electric power provider plus the "Mongo good" derivative, which is expected to achieve the ip multiplier effect.
• Establishment of the Mango Institute, which will help to grow the heads of kol and mature pcg producers, and the Mango Institute, which will be set up under the Great Mangang project 2.0, in order to strengthen kol's support, which we believe will be based on the company's in-depth report, "The Sisters of the Wind"
With the S-level platform resources, the temple faculty team and the super-line cooperation channel, under the "Pyramid Staring" that opens a new chapter in Mango's "Wide the Wind" - row," the pup is expected to grow rapidly into head kol and mature pcg producers and to successfully counter-fear mangos.
Ecology, which provides fresh blood for mangotv home-made dramas and polycrystry.
Revenue growth is not as high as expected; there is uncertainty about the impact of changes in content-related policies on companies. The Great Man Plan has been upgraded by 2.0, and there is much to be gained from the red tape model, with the Great Man Plan 2.0 plus the code kol+ip+ brand marketing new
In the context of the growth of the net economy, a direct transmission model has emerged. According to the AIDS media, the size of the market for live electricity providers in China will increase from RMB 19 billion in 2017 to RMB 961 billion in 2020 and capr to 270% in 2020.
Of the top ten recipients of the goods delivered live, Via and Li Jia Qi, with 2.2 billion dollars and 1.9 billion dollars respectively, the third to tenth recipients also contributed 300-500 million gmv to the brand. At the same time, kol promotion and short videos/lives became the focus of brand social marketing.
The share of online video advertising continues to rise. Mangotv, by launching the Great Mangang project, has taken advantage of the content market to fill the vacancies in the market for polystyrene goods, while expanding the scope of its original business by extending the content advantage in the long video field to the areas of live delivery and human development.
The Great Mang Plan was launched in the year to empower the kol with high-quality platform resources and ip content, and to raise the value of brand marketing. The Great Mang Plan attracts kol by means of the Great Mangung List, the Marang Hill Academy, the Great Mangang Users' Centre for Creativity, and opens up my favorite women, " How do you look so good? " From mobile phones, etc.
In June 2020, the Magnificent Plan was upgraded by 2.0, with the creation of the Mango Institute, which provides courses in all the posts behind the screens of the Internet, bringing goods, directors, screenwriters, clippings and so on, and develops the pup master as a mature pgc producer through the Pyramid Plan.
Brand marketing system, which provides brand owners with a combination of marketing services; and accelerated platform resource allocation mechanisms, such as "Sisters in the Wind" and "Super Apprentice" or combinations with the tape model, which will lead to new trends in the gaming belts.
Profit growth point to achieve ip+kol+ brand catalytic response. Figure 5: The company launched the Great Mang Plan in August 2019. Figure 6: Mangotv in 2020 or the Catalytic response to ip+kol+.
On the one hand, for example, it's a three-way advantage to create a web-red-coated eco-circle: the user is a young woman and actively develops kol. (1) On the user side, the mangotv subscriber properties match those of the live feeder. According to Ali's Institute data, the user is a 20-30-year-old woman.
According to questmobile, in February 2020, 66.8% of female users of mobile phones were paid for live broadcasts, and the amount consumed was more than $1,000.
This compares to 35.4%, and the active percentage of the tgi is 154. (2) Kol, on the one hand, is strongly supporting the development of the ultimatum for kol.
On the other hand, synergies can be created with Hunan entertainment mcn. The mother-incubated Hunan entertainment mcn has built a whole industry chain of "staffing-ip incubation-building-business sales." According to entertainment capital statistics, as of 10 April 2020, Hunan entertainment mcn has grown.
A total of 261 people, cumulative fans of 160 million plus, with a total broadcast of 47.3 billion plus a double 11 gmv of 5 million. Mango tv will learn from its success and maximize synergies to create a unique advantage of kol resources. Figure 7: 55.6% of Mango tv users aged 18-24 in June 2019.
Figure 9: Female-dominated users of Treasures Live in 2019 Figure 10: 20-30-year-olds in 2019 Figure 11: Payment rate for female users of Mobile Treasure Lives in February 2020
Figure 13: The advantage of Hunan Entertainment mcn is significant.
In November 2019, the media came to the fourth place on the list.
In February 2020, I was able to get a vibrate: supply chain experienced and collaborated with brand depth. (1) Happy buying of new media retailers, options and supply chain experienced. New media retailers under the company’s banner are happy buying from “Television department stores, chain operations”
In addition, happy purchasing of erp, wms and bi systems has built up a well-established and efficient commodity supply chain that can provide strong support to live feeders. (2) Advertising hosts have a wealth of resources.
The number of corporate brands has continued to grow. According to the company's announcement, there are nearly 200 brands of 209H1Mgotv advertising, an increase of 14%. According to the Kowloon data, 201H1Mhtv has grown by 14%.
In addition, Mangotv’s brand, which focuses on makeup, dress photography, drinks, and personal cleaning, is more relevant to the needs of young female users.
In January-June 2020, Mangotv aired the Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi and the Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi. According to data, the Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Tur-Tur-Tur-Tur-Tur-Tur-Tur-Tur-Tur-Tur-Tur-Tur-Tur-Mul-Tur-Tur-Tur-Mul-Tur-Mul-Mul-Tur-Tur-Mul-Tur-Tur-Mul-Tur-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Tur-Tur-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Tur-Mul-Tur-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-M-M-Mul-Mul-M-M-M-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-
Three years of resource support for 100+ dramas, 200+ amphibious art, or a perfect combination of brand marketing with the play and the scene content, exploring new scenes such as the hybrid ips, the star +kol reality show, the live broadcast of the festivals, etc., to build a web-red belt. In the second half of 2020, Sisters on the Winds will continue to work with the shivering tape.
Mangotv will also launch the Super Apprentices, with a special focus on live broadcasting, further digging. Figure 20: The brand is more vulnerable to consumers through the view-titling model. (In our view, relying on the company's unique advantages in the three areas of “human yard”, and the Great Mangang 2.0 in the net.)
There is much that can be done to bring goods, and the live tape that it provides will serve as an important complement to the sponsors’ advertising, contributing overvalued advertising to the advertisers, providing marketing services with a uniform effect, or will drive the company’s advertising revenue to grow at a high rate. According to the company’s announcement, in 2019, the company achieved an advertising revenue of $3.35 billion, an increase of 39 per cent, compared to the 39 per cent increase in advertising.
489 cards, an increase of 51 per cent over the same period; and negative growth in Aichi's advertising earnings over the same period.
Since the launch on June 12th, "Sisters on the Waves" has relied on unique subject content, high-quality production, stereo-marketing, etc., and has become a phenomenon-class art. According to Yeon, "Sisters on the Waves"
As of July 6, according to the Bean Pal, The Sisters of the Wind has scored 8.3 points. The content is very topical, and the opening of the programme has generated discussion among the online community on the main social media platforms, and according to microdata, as of July 7, it has reached 7%.
On 6th of the day, 23 visits were carried with the name of the programme, and 13 with the top ten. 2.2, joint vibrating live, with the aim of achieving multiple win-wins, with the headlines on the air, and with the excellent flow, bringing the cargo to the target audience. 19:30, June 26th.
" Sisters of the Waves " , combined with a live exclusive video show, resounding. According to the new shivering data, a total of 1,017,000 people were aired online, with a cumulative viewing of 62,458,000 people, a single-field upswing of 1,432,000, and a total of 20,060,000 live-times, with estimated sales of goods amounting to $4,188 million, or more than 99.92 per cent.
On the one hand, there is an excellent attraction to the amphibious art. On the other hand, the live air takes full advantage of the heat of the amphibious art of "Sisters on Waves " . On the other hand, during the live broadcast of her sister, Tindang, Wu Xiaoming, Land and Master Wong Xiaoqing, she interacts with fans in the form of thematic dances, fun questions and answers, and attracts a lot of fans.
On the other hand, the goods are fully adapted to the needs of fans. For the first time, there are 28 types of goods, mainly makeup, food and drinks, and accessories, which directly target the consumption of young female viewers who focus on quality of life, the pursuit of the tide, and the ability to consume.
Please. We also mentioned in our in-depth report of 14 June, Opening a new chapter on Mango's “Wide by the Wind” that “sisters have the best power, or have a catalytic response to the Great Man plan” in order to achieve a multi-faceted win, and that the second round of live broadcasts is worth looking forward to.
" Sisters of the Wind" accounted for 80% of female viewers. " Sisters of the Wind " , aged 20-29 years, accounted for 46% (1) of live-to-broadcast advertising, leading to a win-win support for the All-Culture + sister. According to the new number of tremors.
Programmes like the Bluetooth Cervix Massage, where 25% of the goods go through the program partners' turn-on, and 75% go through the exclusive partner's voice shop. We believe that by providing additional product exposure services for advertisers, the live tape can be used to add mangotv's “kol+ip” effects.
A combination of marketing to increase the attractiveness of the mangotv advertisers and boost the income from the advertising. At the same time, live broadcasts can be enough to help sisters get brand names and win-win with their sisters.
Blue Ribbon. We believe that live tape can help sister to speak out about the increase in sales, or it can stimulate her potential to bring goods, and that as a derivative of the ecstasy, the cost of live delivery is lower. Figure 31: 25% of live goods can jump over through the programme partner ' s product.
In addition, 75% of members jump to buy their membership cards through the live broadcast exclusives shop (2) and promote their members’ annual cards. In particular, Mangotv members’ annual cards are promoted in the live "Sisters on Waves" package, and members enjoy more excellent content and experience 0.25 times faster.
According to the new shivering data, there are 1,071 annual card sales for members of Mangotv, with a total sales value of $106,000.
It is possible to increase the stickyness of paying users by means of an annual card.
(iii) The distribution of the electrician + “mango good” derivatives contributes to the ip multiplier effect. On the one hand, the distribution of the items directly includes the promotion of two amphibious derivatives: the sister's card and the three bouquets. The sister's card is collected in the form of a blind box, with 32 cards in one box, divided into r, sr, ssr, and the hidden four categories, with a complete set of 90 cards.
+1 tickets for hidden card converter programmes, which help your sister at the scene. Cards are similar to card cards, distinguishing between rare scale gradients, combining high convertibility incentives, games and games, fun and challenging, which can fuel nuclear activity, heart fans' desire to collect and exchange tickets, and thus increase derivative returns. On the other hand, live broadcasts are being broadcast on tremor accounts.
Mangotv's good stuff is carried out, and shops and windows are opened for live transmission of the electrician + Mango good product. According to 66-list data, the live airing of Mangotv's good stuff increased by 170,000, laying a solid fan base for subsequent derivatives. We believe that the future live feed +ip derivatives will be the mango tv deep-digging episode.
A combination of multi-purpose piper values, with companies expected to achieve the ip multiplier effect based on the impact of the pi. Figure 35: Promotion of the sister-defined card in the live tape, establishment of the Mango Academy, development of head kol and mature pcg producers
The Mango Academy will provide participants with 100 + dramas and 200 + polycrystry resources over the next three years, attract user flows with high-quality dramas and masters, and produce materials to promote kol.
Rapid incubation. For example, Mangotv, based on the mature "Star Detective" production model, introduced the derivative "The School of Excellence" to attract fans in the form of original programming flows and content, and has succeeded in incubating young artists, i.e., i.e., (2) the Mango Academy has hired financial experts, i.e. Wu Xiaobo, and the head host, Xiaobo.
The director of the training camp provides professional advice and advice on macro-, forward-looking industrial perspectives and flow management, and on carrying out the goods. In addition, the company relies on the wealth of its 15 own + external film studios and 16 multi-cultural self-manufacturing teams.
(3) With regard to the training model, the Mango Academy is built on the Pyramid Plan, based on the closed-ring of the mango ecological chain, and the Sub-Artists' creation camps, the Red (Creator) Training Camps and the Future Camps, developed in three blocks. The facilitators have grown from masters of skill to sign on to mangotv. 4) With regard to cooperation resources, they are based on the Hunan Region.
The success of mcn on the shivering platform and the exclusive partnership of Sisters on the Wave with the shivering, the company or the shivering continues to work together to achieve a win-win. We believe that with the S-level platform resources, the temple team and the super-lined cooperation channel provided by the company, the pup is expected to grow rapidly into head kol and mature pcg.
Human beings, who have succeeded in combating mango ecology, provide fresh blood for mangotv home-made dramas and mastery.
The company's Great Mansion initiative was upgraded by 2.0, which is expected to combine the three-way advantages of the Humans Field with the creation of a web-red belt eco-circle; and the landing project Sisters on the Waves continues to be hot, working together to twirl the tape and achieve advertising sponsorships and meetings.
The growth in income and the sale of derivatives is expected to lead to a new model of the art belt; the Mango Institute has been set up, and the kol has been strengthened, and it is expected that through the Pyramid Star-building programme, the pgc producers will be trained to grow into mature pgc producers, providing fresh blood for home-made dramas and holocausts.
Brand marketing in three ways contributes to the company’s new profit growth point, triggers a catalytic response from the ip+kol+ brand, and leads to an increase in revenues from the mango derivatives. We maintain the previous profit projections, predicting the risks of increased competition in the company’s 2020-2022 (1) sector. The Internet video industry is still in a competitive phase, if new entry occurs.
The number of users of a company’s video platform may not grow as fast as expected, but due to the macroeconomic environment and uncertainty about the content of the platform.
(3) The growth of advertising revenue is not as high as expected. The impact on the company’s advertising business is uncertain in terms of the impact of changes in content industry policy on the company.
Implementation is more influenced by industry regulatory policies, and changes in regulatory policies do not have an impact on the performance of companies