The Mongo electrician is growing up, keeping an eye on Mongo's ecological growth.
On the night of September 5th, "Sisters on the Wind" , "Silence, Vancie, Menga, Leslie, Day, "Service sessions within the Mangotv Electric Business Group", Mangotv first released the newest video content electrical platform, "Small Man" , and posted on-site information on the need for talent and the recruitment of electric power providers.
• The company ' s performance continued to be excellent, and the conglomerates promoted more than 80 per cent growth in membership. The company achieved revenue of $5.774 billion in 2020h1, representing an increase of 4.90 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit was $1,103 million, representing an increase of 37.30 per cent in the same year. In the second quarter of 2020, revenues of $3.047 billion were raised, representing an increase of 0.91 per cent in the same year.
The net profit is now 624 million yuan, a 61.67 per cent increase in the same year, and the performance continues to be excellent. In 2020h1 mangotv, the number of opening dramas is 14, the next stop is Happiness, the next stop under the garments became the year's premiere, and the time and your sweetness, the name of the family, etc.
In the first six months of the year, " Sisters of the Wind" was activated, becoming the frontier of the social platform, with its content ranging from the art to the play, and the path of the realization extending from the content to the power provider.
The company launched the New Mans production director program, which has 12 film and video production teams, strategic collaborations, 15 studios, and a system of production in collaboration with eight new film and film production teams. At the same time, the company continues to promote artist brokers, music copyrights, games around the Internet video platform.
Eco-combined with industry-wide chains such as ip derivative development, media retailing and consumer finance, the Saas platform empowers companies to reduce efficiency gains, explore new business practices such as bringing, customizing, and “mango good” to widen the mango ecological boundary, and help the platform to market and cash through multiple channels. The company’s content strategy and liquidity path are clear.
• Take good note of the corporate “brain plus content” barrier, continue to introduce mastery and drama skills, blast content, drive fee-paying membership and advertising growth, sustain ecological boundaries, maintain a “very recommendable” rating, see that companies continue to roll out mastery and drama capabilities, and that companies take full advantage of content production and full-fledged production
Business chain synergies, member business, advertising business, operator business growth robustly, around the fine content " Sisters in the Wind" takes over the net, with the hope of driving the Mango to a high level of innovation, 2020-06-15.
"As expected, state-owned video platforms continue to operate " 2020-01-13.
On September 5th, the night of the March 5th, 2020, the night of the "Sister of the Wind, the Wave, the Wave", the night of the March 5th, the night of the regiment, quiet, Mansi, Meng Jia, Leslie, Zhang Rain, Kuan-Bing, Yellow.
At 2100 hours on 7 September 2020, the last edition of "Sisters on Waves" had reached 180 million comments.
According to bone data, last week 'Sisters on the Wind's Wave' was ranked first on the CHP list, with 70 thousand reviews and 74.58 full web heat, while the second 'China 's New rap 2020 's review was 30,000 and the heat was 64.54. When it was formed, "Sister 's Way of Love" would begin to sing around China.
On the afternoon of 4 September, the “Mongo tv Group” was launched, and Mango tv was launched.
For the first time, the new new incubating video content company platform, "Little Man" , was launched. The mini-man power provider was another strategic choice for Hunan. It was based on the competitive advantage of Hunan wide video content, a major extension and extension of the entire industry chain, and a refinement and upgrading of the Hunan wide mango ecology.
It will integrate the supply chain, select popular goods, and select marketly scarce products based on mangotv’s consumer site.
In the event, the Director-General of the Mango Supermedia Commission released information on talent needs, including commodity development, co-authorship, platform operations, ip mastership, content links, tidal games, product technology, brand marketing, and eight teams with 56 posts and over 500 vacancies.
Information on talent needs, as well as the publication of an open-ended treatment policy on annual salaries, fully highlights the company's development of content tactiles, and the Mangotv's first release of the new video content tv platform, "Mang"
During the first half of 2020, the company achieved operating income of $5.774 billion, representing an increase of 4.9 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $1,103 million, representing an increase of 37.3 per cent in the same quarter. In the second quarter, the return to the mother of $3.047 billion, representing an increase of 0.91 per cent in the same quarter, and a return to the mother of $624 million, representing an increase of 61.67 per cent in the same year.
The share of Mango q2 super-media production increased by 0.91% in the same year, and the share of Mangotv Internet video operations continued to rise, reaching 68.35% in 2020h1. The share of Mango tv operations continued to rise, rising from 50.54% in 2019 to 68.35% in 2020h1, with zero media outlets in the same period.
The ratio of content production to sales and new media interactive entertainment was 16.52 per cent and 14.39 per cent respectively, while the Māori rate continued to rise, reaching a net interest rate of 19.1 per cent for 2020h1, while the efficiency of the company continued to rise and the Māori rate continued to rise, reaching a rate of 36.59 per cent for 2020h1 and a net interest rate of 19.1 per cent.
The first half of 2020 was marked by an epidemic and an increase in the efficiency of the company’s operations.3 In 2020, the advantages of self-regulation were highlighted by the acceleration of membership growth. Mango launched a series of innovative philosophies in 2020h1.
According to the 2020 semi-annual report, the first half of Mangotv's opening episode was 14; the next stop was Happiness Under the Clothes became the year's premiere; the time and you were so sweet.
In the first half of the year, " Sisters of the Wind " detonated the Circumcision Circle as a beacon of innovation in the Circumcision, with a sustained increase of 29.42% in the total N-generation heat, such as " Star Biggest Detective " , for the 2020h1 Internet video business.
The quality of the product led to an increase of 2,766,000 members in the first half of the year, an increase of 84.28 per cent in the same year, and an increase in the turnover of members, thanks to the company ' s focus on the production and marketing of the content. We expect that the membership will continue to grow at a high rate with the subsequent mango series and the broadcast of the art, reaching 36 million by 2020.
The impact of the epidemic on the growth of advertising revenue is not changed by the boom in the hot dramas. The ring rises by 32% in 2020, and advertising revenue recovery is good. In the first half of 2020, online philanthropy billers updated the record of many vendors; and the old philanthropy ads such as Wives' Romantic Travel, Secret Room Breaking, etc.
The volume of commercials has grown steadily; the total number of contracts for the film and film projects has increased by 300% on a year-on-year basis, and despite the impact of the epidemic, the operator's operating income has been raised by $729 million, a 29.02% increase in the same year, which has continued to grow steadily. The company's exploration of the size of the screen links, with the iptv+ott smart screen at its very core, is starting to work.
The growth in commercial operations and users has been steady. As of 30 June 2020, corporate operators have covered 31 provincial administrative areas, with an overall user size of nearly 150 million, a ratio of earnings to profits in off-provincial operations, production teams continuing with the explosion, and a clear industry-wide path for comprehensive arts, dramas and power suppliers.
The company focuses on home-made content team development, which extends from source to fine production, highlighting the power of long line production and operation within the mango head. The company has launched the New Mans production director program, which has 12 of its own video production teams, 15 of its strategic co-workshops, and has signed contracts with eight new front-vision production teams.
Team training has become a system. The next step, "Happiness," "Under Your Clothes", and the recent "Lui" and "Friendly Family" show, launched in early 2020, is one of the most exciting television shows of the year, attesting to the company's ability to choose a screenplay and to control quality. In the field of amphibious arts, Mangotv has 20 production teams.
The fact that many polydips operate with constant heat on the team indicates that the multidividing teams are very good at long-line operations and content production, and that the second half of the year will see the stocking of the educative arts, "The journey of sister's love", "the pro-dividance" and "Star Detective 6" will continue to release their value.
The company relies on Mangotv, and has a clear advantage in terms of artist, music rights, and, as of June 2020, a total of 112 registered artists under the company’s flag, issued in the first half of the year.
In the game and ip derivatives development business, based on Tomango tv, to build a level playing hall, with access to multi-channel products, out-of-town access to nine main channels such as the Zhejiang movement, and in the media retailing, the company continues to expand the iptv+ott channel, creating a big screen shop platform, making use of its own flow pool.
In the new paradigm, Mangotv upgrades the Mango 2.0 of the Mango platform, creates creators that are compatible with the mango platform, develops the Mango pip derivatives in a synchronized fashion, creates an exclusive quality content supply channel, builds an integrated ecosystem consisting of pgc, pugc, ugc, etc.
To create a new model for the production and operation of the film “Major Platform + Head Maker”; to build personalized services such as global advertising marketing, custom-made pluffing, continuous high-value ip, and “ip + Star + Head kol + Fuller”
The company uses content as its core, making multi-channel realizations around Internet video platforms, integrating the full-scale production. Table 3: Summary of the launch of the Mangotv 2020 Sales Fair, 5 Investment Recommendations: State-owned Current Media Eco-Integration Platform, which can be held on a long-term basis
Keeping in mind the company's continuous roll-out of its mastery and drama capacity, the company's full advantage of sustainable content production and the synergies of the entire industry chain, its members' business, advertising business, the operator's business growth, the risks of content compliance, brain drain, new projects and users paying less than expected.