How's the future valuation of mangos in mango super-manufacturers business?
• Introduction: From its inception in April 2014 to the present, Mangotv, relying on his own powerful content-making capacity, “grows apart” from the three main platforms of Aoyo, growing for six years at 200 million a month, living for more than 40 million a day (qm July data, second-instance video and Aki culture ranking No. 3), and the only profit-making long video platform in the industry.
Continuing the process of gaining recognition for the business model of a strong platform through the continuous enhancement of content self-contained capabilities; this section is based mainly on our July 2019 depth report, which provides a detailed analysis of mango's unique content ecology; looking ahead: we believe that a diversified realization based on Internet logic (in addition to membership and advertising, future exploration of the power vendor's mode of realization) will open up a second growth for companies.
Looking at the current layout of the mango power vendor business: an attempt to bring a mix of goods;2 a mix of art and live tape; and 3 mango good ip derivatives. Possibilities of the future – mango power vendor business: 1 for third-party brands – exploration to electric operators based on advertising fundamentals, and the Skycat Superday model; 2 for exploration of own brands – development of self-propelled explosives with “mango” labels, similar to web-based selection models.
Three angles measure the value of mango super-media: the branch valuation method: $104 billion for the mango tv platform, 26.8 billion for the operator, 5 billion for the mango entertainment, recreational media, mango entertainment, and mango visuals, and 50 billion for the electric company. On the basis of this, 1858.8 billion for the mango super-media in 2021.
- Steady-state profit margin: forward mangotv revenue volume is 21 billion yuan, net interest rate level is about 28%, net profit is about 6 billion. For long-term steady 40xpe valuation, mangotv forward value is about 240 billion. Market value/user number: 300 million live-time users of mango supermotive platforms (currently 200 million) in long-term steady state, neutrally assumed market value/month active user is raised from 0.7 to 1 (still below the current beep).
The market value of the Mango SuperMechanized Platform is estimated at $300 billion.
Mango SuperMechanism Distribute Mangotv Media Retail
Content production The layout of the power provider's business (i): The combination of the polytechnic plus the chemist model from the mobile phone, and the polytechnic model from the mobile phone:
You're from a mobile phone. You're a typical attempt to bring mangos with a mix.
kol (Via) + brand (total of 20) + artist star and at the festival
When the mango business is launched, the brand of the program can be filmed in 12 studios.
Soft programme flow (Episode I) of relevant branded products:
The amount of logistics can also form mangos to share guest shopping stories.
We believe that the core of the program is a guide to shopping fraud prevention and branding on the power vendor platform.
It's called: Homemade with mangos. Advertisement: 8 brands. Mango blending.
• Good Things Sharing: Two guests suggested that the art should be the starting point for exploring the art of mango creation.
Two products, one from a cooperative artist guest, brand side, one without brand.
• Mango Artists for Social Discussion Interactives on Mobile Phones
Wang Suixi promoted the product and the resources to receive the main broadcaster (Via);
Kwok Xiaodong, Jung-hyun, Wang Su-chun, Yang Di, Via live
For the anchor (Via): Get more from Jung-kyo to the live room.
When the mango power provider is not active, platform: the treasures are live, and it's exposed, and it's a star show.
After the show was completed, the show was broadcast live: 20 to 30 brands and men.
Five full web-based heat searches, and the fruit collaboration is terminated, but it can be sustained with Via live.
Advertisement fees don't get it, bring it, make it Via's program's recommendation.
The mango “closed ring” vidivici washes milk.
The layout of the company's business (i): the combination of the polytechnic plus-carrying model from "You from a mobile phone" and the collage of the specific brand "You from a mobile phone" & guest &-carrying form: the exploration of the company's business (ii): the combination of the tremor plus-carrying mode from the video tape "Sister in the Wind"
With the rapid growth in the size of the live belt market and the volume of customers, especially the catalytic effect of the epidemic on consumer shopping and brand touch change, the head-to-head gypsy of a strong fan base and star-looking array has begun to expand and combine with the form of live feed, expanding the anti-breeding and derivative income of brand vendors through the presence of stars (leading), theme guides, scenes, and enabling live feed.
The Mango good is now an electric shop within Mangotv, with a visible flow portal on the front page of Mangotv. With Mangotv’s powerful mixed culture gene and rich polysip, Mango good online goods have a strong polysip properties that enhance the realization value.
The secret room escapes, friends listens, etc. Explorer in the electric business (iii): Mango's good - a derivative of his own art ip. Over 400 of Mango's good commodities were on line as of September 2, bringing sales above 17 million and adding gmv 784 million in August.
What's the possibility of a power provider doing business? The content platform's power provider doing business, and the power company that built the platform itself, is a trend that has been exploring commercialization of the content platform for almost two years.
For example, the fast-tracker officially placed a live electrician at the end of 2018, shivering in 2019. From the background, short video distribution operators, on the one hand, are becoming increasingly mainstream because of the “buy-and-see” content, and, on the other hand, commercializes the most efficient way in advertising, membership, power providers, games, and four major Internet-disposal models. We believe that one of the advantages of mango super-mixing electric power providers is the huge flow pool of 200 million long video platforms that live in Mangotv this month (using the first batch of seeds for the electric platform).
The advantage is that mangos are good at polymechanic content forms that can be more easily integrated into the landscapes of electricity, shopping, etc. (there is currently a search for polymerics, polymerics, live broadcasts, etc.): the advantage is that the major brand customers who have accumulated in Mango advertising over the years can be the first in-house brands of electric platforms. How do you do electrics? (i) Possibilities: explore third-party brands - the Skycat Day model based on advertising basics.
It can be extended from a pre-charged advertising model to a gmv split/business-based advertising fee. How can you be an electrician? (ii) Possibilities: self-exploration - creation of self-inflicted articles with a “mango” label, similar to a web-friendly model. The Internet can easily be selected as a national leader.
Homeodm buys hand-made electric power platforms (post-rice, treasure-picking, and a similar model in Tokyo), direct upstream supply chain capital, downstream low-price sales (25-30% Māori), and high-value commodities with “net-opting style.” We believe that mango soft and wide marketing capacity has proven its ability to help brands upgrade from a brand of 1 to 100, with greater flow and marketing advantages than a web-opting odm power vendor.
(i) Possibility of a trader (i): The extension of the Mango commercials from Skycat SuperCalm Day began on August 12, 2015, and the development to date of the SkyCal SuperCalm is leading 10 to 20 brands a month, pushing one every day, allowing consumers to enjoy the brand super experience and prices, and providing business-wide capacity support and customization to make the day a “double 11 for the brand itself”. From a brand promotion point of view: Cat SuperCalms through an ip joint, a star station.
In the first half of the year, Mango's own marketing and exposure to brands (the only company in the long video platform <vs >
A step-by-step benefit from brand sales. In the context of the current electronics platform, which is not only a brand sales channel, but also an important advertising channel for brands, and the upgrading of brands, mangos can work better with brands through self-builder closed loops (forms can be found in ip combinations, promotional films, starboards, and the launch of new products).
It's a brand that can be extended from advertising fees to gmv, and there's more room for growth.
More than 500 SuperCalcats Days of Global Brands, part of the 2020 SuperCalcats Day case.
In January of this year, after entering the Cat, deep cooperation took place, and on February 10, Cartier, it took only one minute to sell the unattached bracelets at a price of about $150,000.
We've had 500 bracelets sold out that day, and the brander's average number of fans on Skycat Super Brand Day was 220,000, and the latest cell phone was released on February 10th, and the brand was assembled.
The entire series of products under the banner, with an overall sales value of over $300 million a day, was raised by 210% of buyers after 95, and on April 13th, a limited edition of the brand was sold.
More than 80,000 bottles of new make-up brands are sold for skycat super-brand purposes, and more than 54% of all places in the "Skycat Super-Mark Day" brand are sold, and there are possibilities for electricity vendors (i) to see the extension of mango advertising from Skycat super-brand days.
The Beijing-based launch and the Starfleet made it possible to achieve the billion-grade theme of the Orio music box, with 20,000 first-time copies of a single-person gift from the Sky Cat.
The first minute was sold over millions, the top nine hours broke the record, the five hours were sold over 2 million, and the eight giant stars, Chu Yilong, Mon Mei-chung and others, were active.
For the first time, Ali Baba opened up the West Creek Park, opening up Masharati's headlines.
Tomford's perfume sales have increased by 1,000 per cent, eye shadow, super ip, Jack June.
Vivo vivo is custom-made for small yellow people, x5pro, x5max, and post Jack & Jones United Skycat Super
Through excellent creative planning, all kinds of filming, Greco uses video from the field to the ui, bells, wrappings and gifts of three products x 5m from the system.
The campaign tvc, created on the first day of branding, uses a combination of the release of Rice Intruding, which is integrated with the little yellow, a series of custom-made products only for the Skycats.
It's a warm story, it's a super-brand day, and it's a big, long leg walk, and it's a big fan.
The new cherry blossoms were sold on that day, more than weibo topics, more readings!
In 10 days, 600w users were attracted and 350,000 fans were drawn to Vivo's.
4707, up to the level of initial sales in the past, to show the possibilities of future electricity vendors (ii): the possibility of self-employment in mangos is easy to see from the web.
Development journey: the country’s first odm buyer of handmade electricity, with a business model of direct upstream access to supply chain resources, downstream low premium sales (25–30% Māori) and high value-for-goods with “web-style” preferences. The core of the odm conservator is the selection of suppliers, quality control, best-seller screening, marketing packaging of products.
Possibilities in electricity business (ii): The Web is easy to see the possibilities of mango self-employment.
Kyoto Selection Space Show Model Comparison Odm Mode+
odm mode + odm mode
Odm mode, platform three.
Apparel, household, cooking equipment, small household electricity, digital accessories, home, washing, cooking, home, washing, cooking, food, mother and child, washing, smart hardware, household goods, healthy beauty, literature, household products, small
Travel, baby, baby, etc. Travel, daily, box, body, video, digital distribution of household electricity, parts of t-shirts, shoes, small household appliances, etc.
It's a regular dress, a custom-made cellular shell, an easy-to-think, fun brand.
Spring wind and so on, the Internet is easy to use, but it's actually a rice investment class, style and web access.
It's also power and manufacturing.
Like a first-line brand manufacturer, a unit price of useful living goods,
Co-operative direct procurement, marketing platforms, low-selection and unorthodox web-like selection, mainly responsible for the volume of product development and production, and the production of products.
Following the purchase of the selected sticker, emphasis was placed on the supplier concept in the same direction as the blasted product.
And the store, through the branding, design, power-marketing platform plus the manufacturer.
The Kyoto products and production of the Kyoto Platform are dominated by factories, efficient combinations, major hits.
Outside of the brand, some of the items are also sold at the flagship shop on the product purchase page.
Selective, refined, sex-priced, original brands offer products, control costs, mostly chargeable.
By contrast, the emphasis on large-scale supply focuses on non-marked categories with weak brands, such as home-based life, using the "Quality + Low Price" advantage.
• The high concentration in the distribution of commodities selected by the Internet, as well as the seven core categories: living at home, clothing and footwear, wine and wine, cleaning, mother and child, sports travel, which have the characteristics of relatively simple supply chains, non-standardized properties of commodities, high frequency of consumption, and consumer interest in product quality rather than branding effects, facilitate the ability of the network to exercise the advantages of a brand-free, highly selective quality commodity and achieve a “quality + low price” strategy.
The Odm model shortens supply chains, reduces intermediate prices, the spa model autonomously manages the whole chain, optimizes the user’s experience odm model straight-to-manufacturer, removes brand premiums and intermediates, sells at low premium rates, and provides high value for money. The spa has its own model of business as a professional retailer, managing the entire chain autonomously from selection to sale, and consolidates the user’s experience.
The warehousing logistics aspect: self-built storage centres in several cities across the country, and cooperation with Kyouta, with 40% of parcels reaching the following day. * Large consumer data are produced precisely, large sales data are analysed, and product sales trends are predicted and marketed for sale.
The Internet is easy to select the power provider model Prices: low mark-up, high value for product in several cities across the country
Logistics: 40% of the parcels reached the next day after the construction of the storage centre: 30 days after sale, far above industry standards.
Networks are easy to select • to search, purchase, evaluate commodities • to select factories
• Large consumer data: user portraits, demand, preferences, web-optimal initial gmv grew rapidly, exceeding 7 billion yuan in 2017, eight times faster than in 2016; but later growth slowed and the target of 20 billion gmv in 2018 was far from being met, with actual sku, with Internet-opting starting with only 100 skus, which expanded rapidly: 5,000 skus, 2017 and 2018 at the end of 2016; and in 2019, sku has doubled.
A slow expansion of more than 20,000, far higher than other fine electricians, has enriched user choices, but it has also created a backlog of companies’ stocks and reduced product quality, posing challenges to their ability to operate. The network has been able to select innovative business and other revenues (in millions of dollars, Kola has been eliminated)
The number of skus (number) is easy to select, and the amount of income generated by innovation (millions of yuan, eliminated from kola) is projected to be collected by the Mangotv platform (advertisement + membership + copyright distribution) from 2020 to 2021, according to the divisional valuation method.
7.8 billion/10.4 billion for mango valuations in 2021 (reference netflixps, but Mongos are very growing compared to Nakavi), corresponding to the market value of mangotv at $104 billion. We expect the operator to collect $1.72 billion in 19-21 years, based on the profitability of comparable shares in the company ' s new medium (40% to around 50%) and 2021e valuations (30x), we conservatively estimate a 20-year profit margin for Mango super-mango operators, with 30x in 2021 (mango tv compared).
The market value of the new media shares is 26.8 billion. For Mango Recreational/Mango Recreation/Mango Films, which corresponds to the 2020 wager of 200 million, the average value of the video-making company (20-25 x) is estimated at 25 xpe in 2020 for four companies, valued at 5 billion.
Market value/gmv, at 1 x market value/gmv, gives the medium-term market value of 50 billion dollars to the electrician business. On balance, the market value of the Mangotv platform in 2021 is 18,5.8 billion dollars.
• The Quaker Platform's business structure, which includes only three items of membership + advertising + copyright distribution as an operating block of the Mangotv platform, measuring future profit space. (Here copyright distribution is included because of the disclosure of the content costs of the copyright distribution and the members and the advertising components, which makes it difficult to divide the cost structures of the three businesses)  Member business: assuming that Mangotv's forward membership is 60 million (at present nearly 30 million members and over 100 million Aki culture members), the value of monthly arpu has stabilized at $18 per month.
/ Months (at present, Mango tv single month arpu has a value of 10.3 yuan/month, 18 yuan/month is the monthly level of continuous membership), with forward sales revenue of $13 billion. + Mango tv share contribution (undistributed hard and soft, since usually recruited by project, * split by amount of single philanthropy offer), measuring forward advertising revenue of 7.5 billion.
In shares, the current share of income is between 45% and 60%, and we expect that, with the high growth in the platform ' s members ' operations, the continuous increase in operational efficiency and the combination of upstream costs, forward mangotv revenue will be $21 billion, net interest rate is about 28%, net profit is about 6 billion. For long-term steady 40xpe valuations, mangotv forwards the mangotv platform value from steady-state profit space.
In terms of market value/number of users: currently 0.7k/person for mango/month live user; in Long Video Platform City, the value/month live user is much lower than the value of the company platform; Why choose the market value/number of users? In terms of market value/number of active users for listed Internet platform, the company platform (Ali > Kinton > multi-faceted) >beep out of the country media platform netflix >
The market value/number of active users is related to the efficiency of the commercialization of the platform, such as the most efficient electricity suppliers, whose members pay far more than the country (the rate of payment and the value of the arpu is much higher than the country). How much of the forward value of the Mango supermixing platform is considered? We believe that, from the point of view of the Internet realization, Mango ' s electricity vendor business will significantly increase the realizable value of single users, thereby increasing the market value/active users.
Valuation coefficient. For 300 million live-time users of Mango SuperMechanical Platforms (currently 200 million) in long-term steady state, the neutral assumption is that the market value/month active users will be raised from 0.7 to 1 (still below the current Beep/month Live User Factor), with an estimated market value of $300 billion for Mango SuperMechanical Platforms.
(a) The value of monthly users is much lower than expected;
Jong-chuk, Dean of the College, Assistant President of the People’s Securities Institute, and Dr. Vanderbilt University of Finance Mathematics, Dr. Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, Shanghai Futures Handover, author of the securities investment consultancy or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the report was adopted.
Data are derived from compliance channels, analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking objectivity and fairness by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions