With a membership of nearly 28 million, the second growth curve of the long-term "track" of the electrician Mango super-media was evaluated in the semi-annual report of 2020 with a net profit of $1,103 million for the mother, an increase of 37.30 per cent over the same period, within the 29.4 per cent to 41.9 per cent acceleration of the performance forecast; and the parent.
The net profit is 975 million yuan, an increase of 23.72 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter, the q2 battalion collected 3,047 million yuan, an increase of 0.91 per cent in the same year; The net profit from the mother is 624 million yuan, an increase of 61.67 per cent in the same year, and the profit growth ring is accelerating.
\triangleright billion yuan (31.1% compared to 5.83%), while q1 was delayed from the epidemic-affected art programme, advertising went down by the same time, and as the epidemic subsided, the q2 ring increased by 32%, and the Q2 ring increased by 32%.
In June, the ecclesiastical arts such as " Wives 4 " , h1 confirmed only a small portion of the advertising revenue: 729 million yuan (+29.02 per cent compared to 12.6 per cent) of the revenues of the merchant business, of which the size of the operator ' s big screen business user is close to 150 million, while earnings from the off-provincial business continue to rise. The first half of the year was a happy sun (Internet video + copyright distribution).
The subsidiary collected $4,283 million, or 7.76%; the net profit was $1 billion, or 49.21%.\triangleright Maori: the company achieved $2.11 billion in the first half of the year, and the Maori rate was 36.59%, or 4.19pt.
tv Māori for Internet video operations, 39.60 per cent, corresponding to 1.63 pt; Māori for interactive entertainment content production in new media, 4.69 per cent/ 4.60 per cent and 1.00 pt., respectively; and R&D, 0.73 per 1.09 per cent, respectively, with hundreds of billions of mangoes taking the wind wave and then going up to the steps to look at the “circums” and the power vendor's business layout.
The qm results show that, as of 2020h1 mangomauda 1.
One hundred and ninety-seven million homo+52.3 per cent, which is close to the cool video monthly user capacity, we are confident that mangoes, relying on home-made video and q2 profits in the art, are growing faster, with hundreds of millions of mangoes taking the wind, harvesting high-age and male user groups, thus opening up the user ceiling.
Mango super-media annual and quarterly reports. Mangotv has been working since the beginning of the year through the mixed arts + electricity business model (in collaboration with Via, " You from mobile phones " ), the second half of the year with a review of the rapid expansion of content and the high level of membership.
The Simba Partnership Super Apprentices, the Mango Derivatives, the live belts (The Sisters of the Waves, III) are constantly exploring the power suppliers' business in the form of the biggest flashes of the year, and we believe that the TV shopping platform is happy to buy them.
Some supply chain resources, on the one hand, and the young young female user group of Mangotv, on the other hand, are sticky and consuming, with a higher flow advantage, and a better view of the future growth space of the company’s business. As a scarce country-owned background Internet video platform, the Hunan Broadband has a natural endowment advantage, using branch valuations.
In France, the Mango super-media iptv and the ott segment of the business has a large long-term development space for Mango super-media with a “recommended” rating given to Mango super-media.
The advertising industry is not as fast as expected: the entertainment content is on the line as it is expected. Figure 1: The structure of the company’s main business is illustrated by Jong-chuk, the Dean of the & Institute of the People’s Sports President, and the post-Doctor of Financial Mathematics at Vanderbilt University, Dr. Johns Hopkins University, and Bachelor of Arts at the University of Gangan.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.