Yearly review 2022: bottom-up scenario, upward trend Keyword: # product structure changes leading to higher profit margins  Events: corporate disclosure of year 2022, total business income 20,192 million yuan a year, return to the mother
▪ The rise in the bottom of the profit shows a reduction in coarse high-end efficiency and profit volatility, with second-curve electronics sales continuing to grow at a high rate. (1) The prices of low-end products in the industry have fallen sharply, and, according to Drove, the country has lost $871 per ton on the direct q4 ring compared to q3, but the company q4 returns.
A small drop of 2.5 per cent compared to q3 and, despite being dragged down by braid prices, sales have benefited from significant improvements in domestic heating and downstream reservoirs, which are expected to continue to grow at the same rate, and prices have benefited from supply contractions and rebounds in downstream central reservoirs. (2) Company q4 seasons of Maori
A slight decline of 0.7 pct over the ratio of rates is due, on the one hand, to a rebound in electronic fabric prices, a recovery in profits and a decline in the denominator, and, on the other hand, to an increase in the share of high- and medium-end products, which results in a sharper decline in the company’s profit than the price of low-end products in the market. (4) The firm’s net interest rate is q4 for the single season.
The cost end of 4 is well controlled, and the proceeds from the disposal of funds continue to contribute to non-recurrent gains and losses.
The decrease of 25.5 per cent in the same amount was due mainly to increased interest income and lower average financing interest expenditure.  Capital expenditure slowed down and the debt ratio fell markedly. q4 companies realized net cash flows from operating activities of $510 million, or 74.9 per cent, compared to projected lower post-deprivation profits and smaller inventories.
A significant decline in the debt ratio has resulted in a reduction in the financial cost rate. Building the building blocks, technology upgrading markets – the industry is expected to return to a balance of supply and demand in 2023, and the climate is expected to return to a better level.
It is hoped to return to a balance between supply and demand, slow down or begin to deflate the sector’s reservoirs, regenerate the landscape, and become more profitable if the wind and power demand are more resilient than expected. Moreover, the excess supply of electronic fabric has apparently been defused in 2022, and the price hub is expected to move upward as demand recovers.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: company costs are leading in the construction of pre-existing advantages, product upgrading is continuing to deepen, moat the river, and profits from 2023 are expected to return to the bottom, contributing to valuation repair. We readjusted public profits for the entire year 2022 to record high, but the industry is falling rapidly in the second half of the year.
A 9.6 per cent increase on the same basis was achieved on a high base, with companies taking advantage of market opportunities to sell idle powder and realize asset disposal gains of $2,573 million, in addition to the innovation and progress of leak-plate technology, in addition to the main business. In the second half of the second half of the 2022 period, the sales of the bra were reduced by 16.9 per cent to 1040.1 million tons, corresponding to the single ton combined Maori.
In the second half of the year, e-store sales continued to grow at a high rate of 71.4% to 374 million m over the same period. Uplifting at the bottom of the profit shows a reduction in bruising and profit volatility, with second-curve e-store sales continuing at a high rate.
Growth. (1) Prices of low-end products in the industry have fallen sharply, with a national average price of unalkali-tangled direct veil q4 down $871/tonne compared to q3, but corporate q4 earnings have fallen by only 2.5 per cent compared to q3 and sales are expected to continue at the same volume, owing to domestic warming and a marked improvement in downstream repossessions, despite the dragy price.
Higher than growth, prices have benefited from supply contractions and a rebound in downstream centralized reservoirs. (2) The company q4-season Māori rings have fallen by 0.7 pct, on the one hand, as a result of a rebound in electronic fabric prices, a recovery in profits and a decline in the split end, and, on the other hand, they reflect that higher-middle-end product share has reduced company coarse profits significantly less than low-market prices.
The net interest rate for corporate q4 seasons was 28.0%, the ring q3-4.5pc, the net profit/income from deductions from the parent is well controlled at the cost end of q4 and the proceeds from the disposal of funds continue to contribute non-recurring gains and losses. The cost rate for corporate q4 periods was higher, resulting in a 25.5% reduction in total financial costs over the period, mainly as a result of increased interest income and average financing.
Interest expenditure decreased. In addition, the company q4 quarter realized $381 million in asset disposal revenues, a reduction of $144 million in comparison, and investment returns - $59 million in comparison, a decrease of $70 million in comparison. Industry is expected to return to a balance of supply and demand in 2023, with a return to the climate, and the company’s rise in roe is expected to boost the net return of the market.
We believe that in 2023 the veil is expected to return to a balance of supply and demand, that the industry’s reservoirs will slow down or begin to deflate, that the climate will warm back, and that the industry will become more profitable if wind and electricity demand are more resilient than expected. Moreover, the excess supply of electronic fabric has apparently been defused in 2022, and as demand recovers, the price hub is expected to move upwards.
Corporate cost leads by building pre-existing advantages, product upgrading continues to deepen the moat, and profits are expected to rise in 2023 less than expected, the risk of further recession in the overseas economy, and the precipitous rise in original fuel prices.