Product restructuring is beginning to show results, and the industry is at the forefront of China's Great Stone (600176.sh) is solid.
In the second half of the year, the price of the braid fell, dragging the company ' s year-round performance to the q4 quarter of 2022, thanking Jayameen for dragging the company ' s year-round performance, because of low demand and price for fibreglass.
The company sold 21.03 million tons in 2022, 10.31% less than in the same year. The domestic market for bras, continued low demand for construction materials, wind power, etc. in 2022, the construction materials market was affected by factors such as the downside of the property, and the wind and wind market was exposed to the sea.
Wind power subsidies stopped with a 21% decline in wind power installed capacity in 2022. Foreign markets have experienced high and low demand, requiring a rapid recovery in the first half of 2022, a continuation of high prices in 2021, and a decline in overseas exports in the second half of the year.
Prices are loose. In addition, in the second half of the second half of 2022, the production of fibre-clothed products was released, adding up the country’s domestic and external requirements, weakening supply and demand in the industry, and falling prices.
This represents a decrease of 27.47 per cent over the same period of 4533 ton. Product restructuring has begun to show positive results, with a significant increase in electronic distribution in rapid growth in areas such as automobiles, electronics, base building, etc., and the gradual release of additional capacity generated by the large-scale construction of the previous period.
In 2022, the demand for the e-share market warmed back. The company followed market trends, adjusted the product structure, increased the share of medium-to-high-end products, and achieved a significant increase in electronic distribution. In 2022, the company sold 702 million metres of electronic distribution, an increase of 59.39%.
In late 2022, according to the data from Cheuk Intel, the country's mainstream bobble factory, the electronic veil, was evaluated by the company Galaxy Building, which is 31.03% less than China's giant rock.
The price of the electronic veil is expected to increase even further, as demand warms back. The mega-single's annual production capacity of 100,000 tons, the recovery of demand from the company's performance, the three lines of the electronic veil intelligence were put into operation in June 2022 and will form a physical job this year.
[Galactic Building Materials] company assessment report - China's Great Stones, during the e-savestime phase, produced a performance increase for the company in 2023. (600176.sh): Productive capacity continues to be released and profitable.
The decrease in the Māori rate and the increase in net interest rates driven by efficiency gains in the company ' s Māori sales rate in 2022
(600,176.sh): In terms of Māori ratio, the company’s main product is the fibre optics and products in 2022.
Galactic Construction Report _ China's Big Stone interest rate was 41.53 per cent, a decrease of 8.34 percentage points in the same year; by region, Māori grew by 5 percentage points, domestic demand in the rough market fell and the Māori rate fell.
It is clear that the recovery in overseas market demand during the first half of the year has resulted in a certain increase in the Māori rate. In terms of the period fee rate, the company achieved sales/management/financial/research and development (R & D) rates in 2022, respectively, and the decrease in the management cost rate was due to the larger base due to the excess profits recorded in 2022.
As a result, the financial cost rate fell as a result of increased interest income and lower interest rates on financing. Production capacity continued to expand, with the product structure optimized to 100,000 tons in 2022, the electronic veil line project, the Chengdu 150,000 tons short-cut silk line project, and Egypt 120,000 tons thick.
The yarn line project, which achieved the goal of “E-Kiborg Global First.” The company’s following-up capacity continues to expand, and it is expected that the first line of the Xijiang Smart Manufacturing Base project will be lit in 2023, and that the company’s economies of scale will be further enhanced in terms of product supply capacity and pricing authority.
In addition, corporate product restructuring continues to be optimized, increasing the share of high-precision and high-value-added products such as wind veils, electronic fabrics, and the development of a production of high-growth fibre-optic composites.
In the meantime, the company has set up the Big Stone New Energy Company, built the world's first fibre-rich, zero-carbon smart manufacturing base, invested in wind power projects, restructured and upgraded its products and operations, enhanced its capacity for sustainable development and overall upgrading of its enterprises.
The investment proposal, as a leader in the fibreglass industry, has clear advantages in terms of cost, size, technology, branding, etc. As the company’s productive capacity continues to be released, and development expectations for good medium- and high-end products are maintained, the “recommended” rating is maintained.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
M.A. in Economics, Wuhan University. Worked in the construction materials industry since 2019, specializing in industry analysis and top-down selection of a share.