China Stones (600176.sh) 2022: The bottom of the cycle is strong, looking at the competitive edge of the Probarian Dragon Head.
The price of fibres continues to have an impact on the performance of q4 and the sale of powder continues to contribute to the profits. In 2022, the company earned $20.190 billion, +2.5 per cent, the mother ' s net profit was $6.61 billion, +9.7 per cent, and the price of the fibres, which was deducted, continued to have an impact, with the sale of pollen contributing approximately $320 million to the disposal of non-current assets.
The demand slowdown has led to a decline in the sales of braids and a marked increase in electronic distribution. In 2022, the company sold a 52-week maximum/minimum price of 2110 million tons, corresponding to 10.3 per cent, and an electronic distribution of 702 million metres, corresponding to +59.5 per cent of the total, and achieved its assets.
The revenue from fibres and products is 16.87 billion yuan, corresponding to 5.5 per cent, and is affected by the slowdown in downstream demand, the volume of braid sales has declined, while the structure of products has been actively adjusted and electronic fabric sales have increased significantly.
The six-month-old recovery in the offshore markets led to a sharp increase in prices as a result of a brief rise in demand for fibre-optic products. The profit-making phase was under pressure, and the debt structure was optimized. The combined Māori rate of 35.6% in 2022, compared with the excess profit-sharing, resulted in higher salaries for employees, and financial costs fell by 45.57% on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of interest charges.
As of the end of 2022, China's Great Stone (600176.sh) - Third Quarterly Report: At the bottom of performance, look at the middle and middle of China's Big Stone (600176.sh) - 2022: High profit levels are resilient.
China's Great Stone (600176.sh)-q1 performance is re-renovated, and the Protein's advantage is highlighted. China's Great Stone (600176.sh) - Re-renovation is high, and Protein's leader is “fiber” is finished.
Investment Recommendations: At the bottom of the cycle, looking at the competitive advantage of the Provincial Dragon, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. China Stone 600176-2021 mid-point evaluation: alpha resonance with Beta, long-term company dedicated to wind power, heat and electronic “three wagons”, continued to optimize product structure, medium-sized
A steady increase in the proportion of high-end products, coupled with steady progress in the production and distribution of capacity, is now in the full installation and commissioning phase of Xijiang phase and the start of the construction of a 400,000-ton production base at LeAnn.
The q4 performance is affected by the continued build-up of the fibre price, and the sale of the powder continues to yield. In 2022, the company achieved a yield of 35.2%, the ring + 1.8%, and the q4 performance continues to be largely influenced by the continued build-up of the price of the vinyl, of which the sale of the powder contributes approximately $320 million in proceeds from the disposal of non-movable assets.
Figure 2: China ' s single-season operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 3: China ' s net profit and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
The demand slowdown has led to a decline in sales of coarses and a marked increase in sales of electronics. In 2022, companies sold 200.0 million tons of bras and products, corresponding to 10.3 per cent of the year, 702 million metres of electronic distribution, corresponding to +59.5 per cent of the year, achieving a yield of 16,87 billion yuan, corresponding to 5.5 per cent of the year, affected by a slowdown in downstream demand, and a decrease in sales of coarses, while at the same time building up.
By region, 67.2% and 32.8% of domestic/Overseas income have been generated, and the increase in overseas income has largely benefited from the recovery of the offshore markets in the first half of last year. Figure 5: Sales of China’s Great Stone Fibres and Products and the same rate of increase (in tons, per cent)
Figure 6: China ' s mega-stone electronic distribution and the same rate of increase (tonnes, per cent) Figure 8: China ' s mega-stone area revenue and the same rate of increase (billion yuan, per cent) Figure 7: China ' s mega-stone fibres and products Māori ratio (per cent)
As a result of the higher remuneration of employees, the financial cost fell by 45.57% on a year-to-year basis, mainly as a result of the increase in interest income and the average financing profit. Figure 9: China's monolithic Māori rate and net interest rate (in %)
Electronic "three carriages" with a continuous optimization of product structure, a steady increase in the proportion of medium- and high-end products, and steady progress in the production and distribution of energy, with 200,000 tons in the Xijiang phase now entering the full installation and commissioning phase, and the start-up of 400,000 tons of production bases in Huaian, taking into account the company's competitive advantage as a bobby dragonhead, and the prospect of accelerated upgrading of production capacity and products
The advantages of enabling growth continue to be highlighted. 23 years of structural demand, with 23 to 25 years of ps expected, each author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party by reasoning its judgement or conclusion; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.