Impairment of assets affects performance, and the share of clean energy is expected to increase continuously as compared to +17.21%. Large-scale impairment losses are the main reason for companies’ annual performance below expectations, and future impairments of assets will either return to stability under stable industry conditions. We believe that future coal supply and demand will continue.
In a relatively liberal pattern, the coal price hub will be shaken down, the company will be more elastic, the electricity price will be high, and the “recommended” rating will be maintained. • Large asset impairment losses will affect performance
Minimum/highest in a year: In 2019, the company lost $5.812 billion in impairment of its assets, mainly because of: (a) the premature closure of the contaminated, musk, Xininggong and the replacement of the capacity of the Stone Hole 1 factory; (b) the curry, crane, Xinhua, Fi.
We estimate that the company is operating below 2019, and we expect to shut down some of the old decommissioned power units in the provinces and cities as a result of the policy drive.
• Market power ratios have risen, fuel costs have been properly controlled, and the share of clean energy is expected to continue to rise.
The Department spent $223.22/megawatt-hours (year-on-year - 5.77 per cent) per unit hour on fuel, with a reduction of $9,094 million in total fuel costs on a year-on-year basis, with a corresponding reduction of $5,405 million in the cost of selling electricity fuel. We believe that future coal supply and demand patterns are expected to continue to be relaxed, coal prices are expected to collapse, fuel is expected to collapse.
In addition, the share of clean energy equity installed by companies has reached 16.92%.
"Fuel costs improve performance, keep an eye on the Fire Dragon, and the future of the company's green energy, wind and light coal power transfer to a large integrated clean energy base and sea, performance in the first half of the year" 2019-07-31.
The share of clean energy is expected to rise further with wind and power base investments. In 2020, the company is expected to complete the release of " Revenue end price up, high coal cost up performance " , with electricity at about 41 billion kWh, using an average hour of around 3,800 hours.
Coal Prices, Electricity Prices, Number of Hours Used