The Center for Research on Resources and the Environment (CRESEE) has reduced the amount of electricity generated by the epidemic and will release a lower dividend from coal prices.
The net return to the mother was $2.06 billion, a decrease of 22.42 per cent compared to the same period the previous year.The new crown affected a decline in the generation of electricity by the company and an increase in the value-added tax (VAT) price increase: 1q2020 company completed 84.676 million kilowatt hours of electricity production, a decrease of 18.45 per cent compared to the previous year; 80.652 billion kilowatt hours of electricity were sold.
The decline in electricity distribution is mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on electricity demand and is related to the regional layout of the power plant that the company's owners want. The company's main power plants are located in China, China, and the East, which are particularly affected by the epidemic in the provinces of Hubei, Hunan, Zhejiang, etc.
1. “Depreciation damage reduction results, coal price boosted by $422.35/megawatt hour, an increase of 0.11 per cent over the same period. Benefited from a downward adjustment in value added tax, the company did not 2. “coal price falls to offset the impact of the New Deal on electricity prices, fire dragons”
This represents a decline of 12.22% compared to the same period last year, and a 0.5 percentage point increase in the Māori rate, mainly due to a decrease in the cost of fuel, which accounts for a larger share of operating costs. qhd5,500 coal powered at an average cost of RMB 561.74 per ton by 2020, a decrease of RMB 27.49 per ton, or 4.66%, compared to the same period last year.
Beams, qh5,500 power-fired coal prices have fallen by $500 per tonne, and coal supply easing has intensified since last year, as the epidemic has weakened coal demand. A gradual recovery in electricity generation is expected in the second quarter, with a reduction in coal prices releasing dividends: as the impact of the domestic epidemic has weakened.
The country has returned to work, and the electricity needs in China, China, China, China, China, Zhejiang, Jiangsu and other electricity provinces are recovering rapidly, and the average daily coal consumption is now returning to 98% of the same level last year.
The impact of the epidemic is higher than expected: electricity prices have fallen significantly: the number of hours spent has declined significantly: the share of the stock restricted has been lifted.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment