Resource and Environmental Research Centre (SREC) Devalue-deficit impairment reduction results, lower coal prices boosted growth 17,3485 million yuan in operating income achieved by companies in 2019, an increase of 2.13 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net repatriation
The increase in heat supply and the cost of subsidising power generation operations fell well: the growth in corporate revenue was mainly due to increases in the volume and prices of electricity generated. In 2019, the company completed its electricity generation of 405 billion kWh, a decline of 6 per cent in the same year;
The average tax-bearing settlement price was $417.00/kWh, down 0.35% from 1.48/kWh in the same period the previous year. Although electricity consumption and electricity prices have fallen simultaneously, since 1) the company's aggregate heat supply has amounted to 240 million kJ; this represents an 11% increase in the same year; 2) the energy company of the Honolulu Shandong (Hong Kong) Ltd.
The decline in the price of coal offsets the impact of the New Deal on electricity prices, the conversion of the Fire Dragon (“Hong Kong Energy”) from a joint venture to a subsidiary in December 2018, which resulted in an increase in operating income of $4.80 billion over the same period the previous year, and a steady increase in corporate operating income.
Reduction in impairment of assets, with a record high rate of interest payments: by the end of 2019, the company had coal-fired machine-assembled capacity of 88.23 million kW, or 83% of the company’s total installed capacity. Controlling fuel costs is the main way for the public administration to reduce operating costs.
The average price of corporate coal purchases was 46 yuan/tonne lower than last year’s year’s, and the unit cost of fuel was 223 yuan/megawatts less than the previous year’s. The same price of coal reduced the cost of selling electricity fuel by 5.4 billion yuan, burning it by billions of yuan, of which $4.1 billion was lost to fixed assets and $1.3 billion was lost to construction.
Low profits are largely eroded by asset impairments. Companies plan to find gold dividends per common stock. The long-term fall in coal prices is expected to boost performance: coal shifted from a balance of supply and demand to a wide supply in 2019.
Pine, the demand for the epidemic will decline further into 2020, and the long-term supply of coal will increase. The company will benefit fully from the fall in the price of coal, which is projected to be $540 per ton in 2020.
The impact of the epidemic exceeded expectations; electricity prices dropped significantly; the number of hours used declined significantly; and the share of sales restricted.