Company evaluation report  Non-ferrous metal industry Electrolytic aluminium profit watch, company 2021q1 performance, Chinese aluminium (60160.sh)
Investment events: The company issued an advance notice of its performance in the first quarter of 2021, and the company expected to realize a net return profit of about 967 million yuan in the first quarter of 2021, a 30-fold increase in the same year; the co-benefits of withholding prices contributed to a significant increase in the profitability of the electrolytic aluminium business.
The average spot price of aluminium was $16,248.79 per ton, an increase of 22.30 per cent over the same period; the average price of aluminium oxide was $2354 per ton, a decrease of 4.33 per cent over the same period. The price increase combined with the cost of raw materials, reduced the average profit in the 2021q1 domestic electrolytic aluminium industry by 4242 per to 2804 tons.
In Kawasaki, although the price of 2021q1 aluminium oxide fell, the average Maori in the country's aluminium oxide industry in the first quarter was converted from a loss of $82 per ton in the same period last year to a profit of $19 per ton. The profitability of the electrolytic aluminium business increased significantly, and the failure of the aluminium oxide business became a profit-driven business.
The “two seas” strategy achieves production targets, bauxite, aluminium oxides complete production capacity expansion, and corporate cost-control capabilities increase. Companies actively promote the implementation of the “two seas” strategy, so that efficiency gains are captured, and through
In 2020, the company ' s Fabo project in Guinea became operational and quickly achieved 12 million tons of design capacity, increasing the company ' s bauxite self-sufficiency rate. Meanwhile, the Guangxi Bay project co-mixed 2 million tons of aluminium oxide to achieve further company oxidation.
Aluminium production expands and solidifies the company’s ability to produce aluminium oxide at the top of the world. In 2020, the company produced 1,453 million tons of aluminium oxide, 3.69 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, and 11.2 million tons of coal, which grew in comparison with the previous year, maintaining efficiency gains and increasing the company’s competitive advantage.
"Categorium-Category" drives a second change in the supply side of the electrolytic aluminium industry. The high-profit state of electrolytic aluminium will continue. In January 2021, our total electrolytic aluminium production reached 42.44 million tons, close to 45 million tons of production and red line, and the "carbon-neutral" strategy will further strengthen the restrictions on electrolytic aluminium production, with intra-Mongolian capacity.
With a double-controlled production of electrolytic aluminium having to be reduced, and a limited elasticity in total output growth in the electrolytic aluminium industry, the economic recovery and new energy consumption are expected to support the growth in the consumption of electrolytic aluminium in the country, and the tight supply and demand balance in the industry is expected to support the high prices of electrolytic aluminium.
Aluminium oxide is more competitive than the excess supply of electrolytic aluminium, and the high profitability of the electrolytic aluminium industry is expected to continue. Investment advice: the company, as a leading company in the domestic aluminium industry, benefits from the electrolytic aluminium industry.
The gas upturn surged, with 2021q1 net profit from non-repatriation falling to a high level in a single quarter since 2008. In the case of “carbon neutral” and energy-consuming double-control restrictions on the supply of electrolytic aluminium, the expected high profitability of electrolytic aluminium is expected to continue, driving the company’s performance.
I am committed to presenting this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.