Quantified growth in revenue during the quarter, the exchange rate affecting performance. Q1 achieved operating income of $4.75 billion in 2018, an increase of 13.1 per cent over the same period.
Revenues increased steadily during the quarter, resulting in a total loss of 250 million yuan in currency exchange and fair value changes. Domestic revenues grew steadily during the quarter, while overseas markets, such as the United States, continued to improve profitability and higher value-added products led to a constant increase in unit prices.
Given the impact of exchange gains and losses, the exchange rate impact has led to lower performance than expected, and the subsequent recovery is expected. The overall Māori rate has fallen by 2.3 cents in the quarter, as a result of the relatively low Māori rate in the United States of America, rising market revenues, exchange rates, and so on.
Distinguished points. The domestic Māori rate is almost equal if the impact of the United States market and exchange rate is excluded. The financial cost rate rose by 5.0 percentage points over the same period, mainly as a result of exchange losses and differences in the timing of the recognized interest income on deposits.
Corporate cost controls are good, sales and management rates are slightly reduced. Exchange rate effects result in lower than expected performance in the first quarter, subsequent renminbi exchange rates are expected to stabilize or depreciate, exchange gains and losses are expected to improve, and overseas market operations continue to improve.
Russia’s plants are expected to make a profit all year after the exchange rate effects have been deducted. Companies have a greater competitive advantage in terms of process equipment and production methods, and income and profits from overseas plants like the United States are expected to hold as future capacity increases.
The value of the bicycles continues to rise. The value of high-value-added products rose significantly to glass unit prices, with the average unit price of glass rising by 2.5 per cent per quarter and the unit price rising by 4.7 per cent after the exchange rate was offset.
As a result of the impact of such factors as inch growth and the increase in the penetration of the panoramic skylights, the size of the glass is gradually increasing. The increase in unit prices and area has led to a sustained increase in the value of the vehicle, which is conducive to the long-term growth of the company.
1) Not as much as expected in automobile sales; 2) Increased cost of raw materials, etc.; 3) Exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Jupon*