ICBC (1398 HK / 601398 CH)
Company Report
High fundamental stability as core strength
Rating (H): BUY
Lower provision expenses to support real economy would expand earnings capacity
Rating (A): BUY
Interest rate cut cycle would raise NIM pressure in coming quarters, but robust
balance sheet growth could help offset the impact
FinTech investment to maximize ICBC's edge in big data; expect CIR to inch up
Reiterate BUY on high fundamental stability. Our GGM- based H/A shr TPs imply
Analyst: Johannes Au
target 22E P/B of 0.73x/0.87x
Lower risk buffers to increase earnings. To raise support for the real economy, the
government encourages big banks to reduce risk buffers, based on an announcement on
Apr 13, 2022. So far, the said request has not been mandatory but we believe major
banks, including ICBC, would take steps to fulfill its social responsibility. As such, we
factor in a -2% CAGR in the bank's provision expenses over FY21-24E, which would
gradually reduce the bank's provisioning ratio and provision coverage ratio to 2.78% and
187.84% by end-24E. Nevertheless, in view of rising asset quality risk from the property
sector, we project the bank's NPL ratio to inch up by 1bps-3bps YoY each in FY22E-24E
and reach 1.48% by FY24E, assuming the scale of NPL handling remains similar.
More NIM pressure to come. Resurgence of interest rate cut cycle from Dec 2021 in
Source(s): Bloomberg, ABCI Securities
China would once again elevate NIM pressure in banks. Despite declining deposit rates,
estimates
we expect loan re-pricing would delay the impact of interest rate cut by a few quarters, we
forecast ICBC's NIM to narrow by 2bps-5bps YoY each in FY22E-24E to 2.02% by FY24E.
In our opinion, its robust total assets and total liabilities CAGRs at 6.0% and 5.8% in
FY21-24E would defend the bank against NIM pressure and support NII CAGR at 5.3% in
FY21-24E.
CIR on the rise. To maximize the bank's competitive edge in big data, we forecast
FinTech investments would continue in coming years. By keeping technology-related
expenses at ~3% of its topline revenue, we anticipate CIR to rise mildly to 29.29% by
2024E; operating expenses would increase at 11.2% CAGR over FY21-24E.
(Continue next page)
Results and Valuation
Source(s): Bloomberg, ABCI Securities estimates
Maintain BUY on high fundamental stability. ICBC's defensiveness against policy and
macro changes has been consistently proven. The bank is one of our long-term core
holdings in the sector. Leveraging its market-leading position, we believe the bank
would continue to show consistent fundamental strength. We adjust our H/A TPs by -0.9%
and 0.9% to HK$ 7.45 and RMB 7.70 by assuming (1) topline and net profit CAGRs at
6.3% and 6.8% in FY21-24E; (2) a higher sustainable ROAE; (3) a higher long-term
growth rate; (4) a lower equity risk premium (ERP). The TPs imply 0.73x/0.87x target
FY22E P/B. Reiterate BUY.
Risk Factors: 1) Radical change in business environment induced by heavy-handed
supervision and policies; 2) Potential asset quality deterioration in specific sectors and
geographical areas; 3) Rising CIR on technology development; 4) Elevating NIM pressure
amid interest rate cut cycle; 5) Resurgence or prolonged COVID-19 pandemic.
Source(s): Company, ABCI Securities estimates
Financial statements
Consolidated income statement
Note: Individual items may not sum to total due to rounding difference
Key ratios and figures may not match with financial reports due to adjustment and reclassification for comparison consistency among
individual equities
Source(s): Company, ABCI Securities estimates
ABCI SECURITIES COMPANY LIMITED
Consolidated balance sheet
Note: Individual items may not sum to total due to rounding difference
Key ratios and figures may not match with financial reports due to adjustment and reclassification for comparison consistency among
individual equities
Source(s): Company, ABCI Securities estimates
Disclosures
Analyst Certification
The analyst, AU Yu Hang, Johannes, primarily responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, hereby certify that all
of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal view about the subject company or companies and its or their securities.
I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views
expressed in this report. I and/or my associates have no financial interests in relation to the listed company(ies) covered in this report, and
I and/or my associates do not serve as officer(s) of the listed company (ies) covered in this report.
Disclosures of Interests
ABCI Securities Company Limited and/or its affiliates, within the past 12 months, have investment banking relationship with ICBC.
Definition of equity rating
Notes: Stock return rate: expected percentage change of share price plus gross dividend yield over the next 12 months
Market return rate: average market return rate since 2009 (For reference: HSI total return index 2009-21 averaged at 9.2%)
Time horizon of share price target: 12-month
Stock rating, however, may vary from the stated framework due to factors including but not limited to: corporate governance, market
capitalization, historical price volatility relative to corresponding benchmark index, average daily turnover of the stock relative to market
capitalization of the stock, competitive advantages in corresponding industry, etc.
Disclaimers
This report is for our clients only and is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. It has no
regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any specific recipient. It is published solely for
informational purposes and is not to be construed as a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments.
No representation or warranty, either expresses or implied, is provided in relation to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the
information contained herein. This report should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for the exercise of their own judgment. Any
opinions expressed in this report are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by other
business areas as a result of using different assumptions and criteria. The analysis contained herein is based on numerous assumptions.
Different assumptions could result in materially different results. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact
with trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting market
information. ABCI Securities Company Limited is under no obligation to update or keep current the information contained herein. ABCI
Securities Company Limited relies on information barriers to control the flow of information contained in one or more areas within ABCI
Securities Company Limited, into other areas, units, groups or affiliates of ABCI Securities Company Limited. The compensation of the
analyst who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior management (not including investment
banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of ABCI
Securities Company Limited as a whole, of which investment banking, sales and trading are a part. The securities described herein may
not be eligible for sale in all jurisdictions or to certain categories of investors. The price and value of the investments referred to in this
research and the income from them may fluctuate. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Foreign currency rates
of exchange may adversely affect the value, price or income of any security or related instrument mentioned in this report. For investment
advice, trade execution or other enquiries, clients should contact their local sales representative. Neither ABCI Securities Company Limited
nor any of its affiliates, directors, employees or agents accepts any liability for any loss or damage arising out of the use of all or any part of
this report. Additional information will be made available upon request.
Copyright 2022 ABCI Securities Company Limited
No part of this material may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form by any means or (ii) redistributed without the prior written
consent of ABCI Securities Company Limited.
Office address: ABCI Securities Company Limited, 13/F Fairmont House, 8 Cotton Tree Drive, Central, Hong Kong.