Launch of the 2 billion non-public distribution aid lightly quantified development of the vehicle lightly quantified chassis system project.
Light quantification has become an important national strategy. China Manufacturing 2025 emphasizes support for light-quantified engineering and industrialization capabilities, and in the Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Motors Technologies, it is proposed that the quality of vehicle preparation will be reduced by 35% compared to 2015, and that the volume of aluminium will be raised to 350 kg in bicycles.
Magnesium amounts to 45 kg, and carbon fibre amounts to 5% of the vehicle. The car chassis system is an important part of the process. The company is planning to raise up to $2 billion for the construction of a light-quantified chassis system production line in Hangzhou Bay and Chang City, and once the project is completed, it can enter one.
To improve the strategic layout of the company ' s light-quantifiable business in the regions of China and China, it is useful to expand and maintain a high-quality and well-placed customer base, effectively reduce the production and transport costs of products, better serve local customers and enhance customer stickyness.
▪ Light Quantified chassis projects are being implemented both to consolidate market position Light Quantified chassis system projects are being implemented in both ways and companies can further develop their size, market and technological excellence, improve the competitiveness of the core parts of light Quantified chassis vehicles and strengthen the market position of companies.
The Hangzhou Bay II module project proposes to build a new module production base for the light-quantified chassis system in Hangzhou Bay. The total investment in the project is $1,226 million, which will allow for the addition of 700,000 light units per year after the project is completed.
The project was built for 18 months, and the company expected the project to earn 1,434 million yuan a year, a net profit of 205 million yuan, and a negative financial internal gain on the project's investment.
Rate (after tax) 20.24%. 2) The Hunan Plant Module Project proposes the construction of a new lightly quantified module production base for the chassis system in the city of Jiao, with a total investment of 1,365 million yuan. The project will be completed with the addition of 2,2 " Top Group " (601689): in the short term.
With 900,000 light-quantified co-robes, 900,000 light-quantified flying systems and 900,000 light alloys per year, the epidemic has had limited impact and continues to be viewed for the long term.
A round of growth is expected to start. Core point: 1) Light quantitative operations are growing rapidly with new energy catalysts, with Tesla clients being the best spot. 2) Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission, has already had a portfolio investment advisory.