Tupou Group (601689): Horizontal integration. Tupou Group. Tupou Group.
The company depth report of the Topper Group’s main company is car parts and components, including shock relief, isolation, states that the bottom plate product lines, such as shock reduction and aluminium alloys, will combine.
Each year, the development of the chassis has been intensified, with continuous lines in the aluminium alloy control arm, turnover section, and side rack operations. The company’s main clients, including Gilly Motors, have been given important orders.
Balls (including joint ventures), Biadi, Tesla, Volvo, etc.. Companies have lost only 3% of their revenues in the same year, with a flat net profit and a clear win-win industry.
Aluminium alloys are now less than 10 per cent per cent permeable, almost the only small and quantifiable increase, with a strong demand for the entire car.
There are fewer than 10 major manufacturers of bottom plate aluminium alloys around the world, with a better pattern of competition, and a better process. May 2020: most European and American car factories are expected to resume work and know-how to build more barriers.
The steel chassis business acquired in 2017 is more traditional, but the investment peak has passed, the demand for R & D investment is low, and future depreciation amortization as a percentage of revenue will continue to decline.
Barriers to services. Parts and components for shock mitigation need to be repeatedly validated in the course of development in accordance with the needs of clients, with a higher degree of demand for company service and manufacturing compatibility, and flexibility in the R & D organization. The current pattern of components for shock mitigation is more certain, and companies have built up a certain amount of flexibility over the years with their clients.
The new entrants to the business need to be fast-tracked to a large number of different links in the entire garage, which is difficult, with few new entrants in the industry in recent years. The company is expected to maintain a high Māori rate.
The company’s costs are expected to decrease if crude oil prices remain low. We appreciate the company’s “very recommended” rating through horizontal integration to create business barriers.
Top Group (601689): The first results of horizontal integration are shown in figure 1: Total revenue from Topper Group operations and the same rate of growth.
Figure 2: TUP Group net profit return and year-on-year increase
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Topper Group (601689): horizontal integration has begun to bear fruit.
Liu Xiaoixing B.A., University of Qinghua, Master of Arts, cfa holder, 7 years of technical and managerial experience in the automobile industry at home and abroad.
Joined the East Hing Stock Exchange, where he studied the automobile industry, and Zhang Yoon Xian Transport University, where he joined the Master of Finance in 2019, where he studied the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Top Group (601689): horizontal integration is starting to work and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report on the objective and fairness of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.