Performance continues to improve, and the light-quantified chassis is expected to grow fast - the annual newspaper of the Tupou Group (601689) & a quarterly review The company released its annual report for 2019 and its first quarterly report for 2020, and the company became operational in 2019
Micco International Holdings (Hong Kong) billion yuan, a decline of 39.4 per cent in the same year, and corporate gross operating income of 1.21 billion in the first quarter of 2020. A clear trend towards improved performance and increased contribution from new energy clients: performance in 2019 was largely consistent
Market expectations are due mainly to the downside of domestic vehicle traffic, which puts greater pressure on mainstream car manufacturers. Indeed, in terms of quarterly performance, corporate performance has changed to market value of a share in circulation (billions of dollars)
A positive trend is evident: since the second half of 2019, the company ' s quarterly collections and net profits have generally been up-to-date, with the fourth quarter of 2019, with net profits rising by the same year, showing a relative depth of 300 indexes.
The company’s gross business income fell by 3.0% in the first quarter of 2020, and the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by the same amount.
0.1%, the company’s performance is clearly better than that of the industry in the face of a critical situation in the country’s car market, largely due to the increased contribution of new energy customers, such as Tesla and Uri. Fitch impairment is down by four quarters, and cost management is expected to improve: 2017
So, the company’s four-quarter net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies grew by 11.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, largely at the same time as the recovery rate.
A new round of expansion of capacity, continued increase in capital spending and the pressure on the cost of asset conversion, with depreciation at a peak of 6.4 per cent in 2019, followed by company _aaa_Top (601689).
It is expected that the effectiveness of corporate cost management will be enhanced through measures such as cost reduction, technological adaptation, and strict budgetary management.
Cho Chun Lin Light Quantified chassis contribution performance elasticity, with three major operations working together to achieve sustained scale-up: auto car, body and chassis are the most important areas of light vehicle quantification, company deep-dry chassis lightly quantified fields,
There are a variety of processes in steel holding, aluminium alloying, and from a client's point of view, autonomous branding, new energy, customer demand for light quantitative chassis, and companies' demonstration of high-quality customers, such as Gilly, Tesla, Uri, Biadi, can continue to contribute to the company's long performance elasticity.
During the period, the synergies between the three major players – inner parts of the company, chassis, and auto-electronics – can be combined to raise the size of the company’s revenue. The company’s light-quantized bottom plate has a broad growth perspective, maintaining an “uptake” rating.
Recently, companies released annual reports for 2019 and first quarterly reports for 2020, achieving gross operating income of 5340 million yuan in 2019, a 10.5 per cent decline in the same year, and net profits of 460 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a 39.4 per cent decrease in the same year.
The performance in 2019 was largely in line with market expectations, mainly because of the downside of domestic vehicle traffic and the high pressure on the sales volume of mainstream car manufacturers. In fact, in terms of quarterly performance, there was a clear trend towards improved corporate performance, and since the second half of the 2019s, corporate quarterly collections and net profits have been on average at an upswing rate, with 2019 among them.
In the fourth quarter of the year, net profits increased by 4.3 per cent and 12.8 per cent, respectively, showing the best performance in the quarter of 2019, mainly as a result of the warmth of company sales in the fourth quarter of the year and the volume orders for major new energy clients obtained from major new energy clients, including generic sales, and light-quantified chassis. In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved a gross operating income of $1.21 billion, a year-on-year decline.
3.0 per cent net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 110 million yuan, an increase of 0.1 per cent over the same period, and the fact that the domestic car market is facing a severe situation in which the company's performance is significantly better than that of the industry, mainly because of the increased contribution of new energy customers, such as Tesla and Amer, and the four-quarterly lower performance of goodwill discounts, which are expected to improve cost management efficiency.
In 2017, the merger of Zhejiangtang and Sichuan Mygau had a goodwill of $279 million, which resulted from the sale of the two companies in 2019, which generated $33.45 million. If the influence of goodwill is excluded, the net profits attributable to the company ' s shareholders in the listed company for the fourth quarter will increase by 11.8 per cent, which will largely coincide with the increase in revenue. In addition, the company was in a new position in 2017-2018.
With the expansion of production capacity, continued increases in capital spending, and continued increases in pressure from the cost of asset conversion, which peaked at 6.4 per cent in 2019, companies are expected to improve their cost management effectiveness by attempting to contain costs through such measures as spending cuts, technological adaptations and strict enforcement of budget management.
3- Light Quantified chassis contributes to elasticity of performance, and three major operations work together to achieve sustained scale-up. Automobile body and chassis are the most important areas of light quantifying automobiles, corporate deep-farming chassis lightly quantified areas, mastering multiple processes of steel, aluminium alloy, and, from a client's point of view, autonomous brands, new energy customers demand light quantified chassis.
In the long run, the combined integration of the three major business lines of company interior accessories, chassis, motors, and electronics among important customers can boost corporate income.
4. Profit forecasts and investment proposals Wide growth prospects and maintenance of “growth” ratings.