Tupou Group 20q1 performed better than expected and is expected to step up as a result. The company released its 2019 report and its first 2020 quarterly report, bringing its operating income to $5.36 billion in 2019.
In the first quarter of 2020, the company performed better than expected. The company was well-placed in the product area, and the client was able to recover 19q4 income from the national product Tesla, and the goodwill bill was a drag. In 2019, the company achieved $5.36 billion in revenue.
The impact of such increases as decreases, depreciation amortizations, etc. Increases in sales costs, salaries and depreciations have resulted in an increase of 5.5 per cent in administrative costs, an increase of 9.3 per cent in research and development costs due to increases in materials, staff remuneration and depreciation amortizations, and a decrease in interest income and exchange gains and losses resulting in a decrease in financial costs
32.1% and four rates increase by 2.2pct. Income and Māori fall, cost increase, plus 20q1 has outperformed the industry and performed better than expected. The output of 20q1 domestic passenger cars has fallen by 48.7%, but corporate revenues have declined by only 3.0%, and performance has outperformed the industry significantly, mainly by new ones such as Tesla.
The Māori rate is projected to increase by 1.1 pct on a year-on-year basis as a result of product structure optimization. Sales and management costs are reduced by 0.6%, 4.5%, R&D costs are increased by 2.9%, Māori rates and cost rates are increased, plus losses on assets and credit impairments by $13 million, 20q1 is attributed.
As domestic passenger traffic began to warm up in March, general, guild sales rose, national production of Tesla increased, and company performance was expected to rise. Products, customers, and production capacity went hand in hand, with prospects for the future.
In recent years, in the areas of automobile electronics, light-quantified, and with a continuous input based on the market price of 28 April 2020, the forward layout will continue to benefit.
Tesla, the value of the national model3 vehicle package is expected to be over $5,000, and it is expected to benefit significantly from the thermal sale of the vehicle. In terms of capacity, the Wuhan base, Hangzhou Bay phase have been completed.
State, chicken, etc., which provides a good basis for sustained corporate growth. Top Group - below expectations, light quantification and motor power, Top Group - short-term performance under pressure, before triple global layout.
1) Significant drop in vehicle sales; 2) Unexpected expansion of new business; 3) Unexpected release of capacity.