On October 22, 2023, Heconway published a tri-quarter report for 2023, three years before 2023.
During the quarter of \triangleright, the company earned $61,275 million, an increase of 2.60 per cent over the same period; the net return profit of $8,851 million, the net return profit of the mother has rebounded since 2022q4, and the quality of the profit has been brought back on track.
In the first three quarters of the company's Māori rate was 44.85%, an increase of 2.50 pct over the same period.
Micro-Credit Public for Investor Relations: 1) pbg operations: continued negative growth in the third quarter of pbg, pbg s010521110003, influenced by government fiscal constraints
Intra-industry income scale gaps have narrowed and the internal structure has been more balanced. (2) ebg operations: ebg continued its growth momentum over the past three months, with business firms growing at a more rapid pace. In the current economic environment, the digital transformation continues to be a pressing challenge to the continued improvement of industry heads.
In addition to the weak performance of the financial sector, the ebg sector, such as intelligent construction, energy metallurgy, education and teaching, has grown; the share of income in the country's main sector in the first quarter of 23q3 has been close to 45 per cent, with traditional public security and traffic police receiving assessments: income and profit growth are back on track and innovation has taken the lead.
The growth of companies in the future will be based more on the dynamics of the digital transition than 15 per cent. 3) smbg: smbg achieves a single-quarter turnaround. \triangleright
Quarterly reviews: The low point has passed and the growth of innovation has been strong.4 Overseas operations: the previous three quarters have seen a gradual upswing, with individual countries and regions, such as Korea, Israel and the Palestinians, showing less than good performance, with most countries showing growth and overall performance warming.
3. Innovative business: the three-quarters year-on-year increase was higher than the first half of the year and the overall growth was good. \triangleright
There are examples of companies using three layers of magnifying models to build solutions. According to the mid-2022 report, Heconway is divided into basic models (languages, visions, multiples) from the bottom.
Performance short-term pressure, innovation start-up -2022/08/ Model, etc.) + meso-level industry model (finance, transport, urban governance, electricity, energy, industry, retail, etc.) + top-level mission model (specific to the different needs of users, more industry based on industry models) + top-level mission model
Yearly report of Haeconway (002415.sz) & Quarterly Review: Sexually trained results; current model landing cases include drowning protection, cash treatment at retail stores, electricity testing, performances largely in line with expectations, smarts coalition alot built robustly
Investment advice: corporate performance releases the signal of a bottom-up rebound, accompanied by future domestic macroeconomic improvements, and there is good room for growth for the three major groups and for the corporate owners and emerging innovations of overseas operations.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and whose findings have not been received, directly or indirectly, by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.