Sea Conway (002415.sz) 3023 quarter net return profit increased by 14 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a large “watching” model providing long-term developmental kinetic energy
Electronics / Other Electronics ii 44.9% (yoy+2.50pct). The economy as a whole has been steady for the first 3023th quarter, companies have achieved different rates of recovery, and profit ends are still in the repair phase.
The previous three quarters saw good growth in ebg and steady growth in overseas and innovative operations.
Innovative operations have risen further in the last three quarters of the year than in the first half of the year. As a result of government fiscal constraints, pbg operations have grown negatively, with the exception of the transport industry, forest fire protection, and nature reserves, the overall project has been slow to fall.
Government fiscal pressure is gradually easing, and pbg operations are expected to continue to improve. The central treasury will increase in the fourth quarter. Funding will focus on eight areas, including rehabilitation of disaster recovery, priority flood management, natural disaster response capacity enhancement, and other priority flood prevention and recovery projects to support post-disaster recovery and recovery.
819.64 million short notice. As the pressure on government fiscal spending gradually subsides, the projects previously extended by the company pbg are expected to land gradually, and the company pbg operations are expected to have a stable basis for the number and amount of bid projects in government procurement.
Upwards are moving up the road. The "watch" big model is supported by the bottom, with more than 20,000 users of the i Open Platform. The corporate "watch" big model is divided into three layers, and the bottom is based on large models, including language, vision, X-rays, X-rays, etc.
Large models based on different perception technologies, such as thunder, audio and fibre optics, in the middle of which aicloud marginal nodes, marginal areas, cloud centre three-tier structures, 18-19 ai open platform functions and development training for different industries were proposed; on this basis, the 20-22 ai open
The platform has grown rapidly, from 2,000 to 8,000 small and medium-sized micro-enterprises to more than 15,000, with more than 20,000 users as of 1h23. Investment advice: we look at the company’s short- and medium-term pbg business restoration and the association of smarts supported by large models.
“Haiconway” (002415.sz)-2q23 Quarterly Collections and Mothers’ Net Gains” (002415.sz) — Repercussion of Li Do Māori Rates, Performance 2.15 per cent increase in the same harvests in Heiconway (002415.sz)-22 years, digital economy
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and speed increase for the last five years (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 2: Company revenue structure in recent years (in billions of yuan) Figure 3: Company net profit return and rate of increase in the last five years (in billions, per cent) Figure 5: Company cost rate in the last five years (%)
Figure 6: Companies ' R & D inputs and their share of revenues over the last five years (millions of yuan, %) Authors ensure that data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future