Good quality of pipeline stock, overall trend: a study of company dynamics in the Penthouse (000568.sz) — clear product strategy, good quality of pipeline stock
At the end of the product: 1) The cellar has continued to grow in a benign way, and this year will continue to promote low product layouts at the core of consumption habits in the various regions. 2) The cellar age has been developed at the centre of 60 years and at the top of the trap, with 90 years and 30 years.
Follow the middle price belt; special 60 drives the brand revival, and this year is the right year for low-level products. 3) Black cover, as a core product of the big light bottle, is currently in the process of being nurtured by consumers with branding activities. 4) 1952 as the flag of the serial cellars in the state of San Francisco.
Line ends: current stocks remain good, progress is as expected, and subsequent emphasis will be placed on consumer development. The region is steadily expanding and costs are clearly optimized.
Regional expansion: 1) mature markets in south-west and north-south China are able to gather and sink their channels, and expand, with a strong south-west focus. Growth is good this year, with a low-level focus on north-west China. 2) Growing markets are dominated by east and south-east China, and 100 cities are planning to make steady progress.
On the cost side, brand power rises, active control cost ratios are added, and cost rates are optimized. As corporate consumers grow steadily, this year’s revenue growth of 15% is expected to be achieved.
2023-04 - The macroeconomic downside risks, the size of the cellars are not growing as expected, the size of the special 60 is not growing as expected 2.
Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.