On the 28th of 2023, the Cedars published the 2022nd annual report and the 2023rd one.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Quarters open and profits continue to rise billions (up 7%). Net cash flows from operating activities in 2022 amounted to $8,263 million
At the end of q1, the contract liability was 1,726 million yuan, with a reduction of 841 million yuan.
1 The Old Lodges (000568), which received $22,133.2634 million each for the upper-middle-class alcohol/other alcohol camps, each with the same line, and the old customer series forming the waist support.
2 “The Penthouse of the State (000568). Spring festivals. See, mid-2022, high-quality alcohol/other alcohol sales of 3.71/491 thousand” as a guide to maintaining the high-end market position of the country's guests, 1573, in young marketing classes.
The target of 5% is within reach.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.