Silicon manufacturing and processing equipment leads, benefiting from a downstream wave of expansion, 210 silicon-silicon recognition, and a new round of expansion in the photovoltage industry: In the midst of continued positive developments, domestic photovoltaic firms are also looking at the future of the industry and are looking at the future of the industry.
From 2019 to March 2020, the silicon silicon/silicon stick project of the PV company was expanded to close to 73 billion yuan. 210 silicon silicon tablets were gradually recognized by the market. In addition to the middle ring, various factories such as Trinity, Aixu, the East Sunrise, Tung Wai, the East Ring, Ningxia Cows, etc. were opened.
In 2019, the photovoltaic silicon was gradually entering the new cycle, with 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon being a big industry trend, and crystals, with high power power as a leading provider of large-sized equipment, benefiting deep. Overall, 12 inches of silicon would benefit.
The roll-out of the film will raise the unit price of the equipment in question and the overall value may be reduced, but with increased permeability of single crystals, increased demand for the market as a whole and the introduction of new products such as slicers, the company’s prospects for business development in photovoltaic equipment are clear.
The semiconductor wave of silicon silicon has started, and companies have benefited from the trend towards national production of equipment: the relative depth of the shares is 300 indexes, and in order to meet the growing demand for semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon, the country's manufacturers are actively setting up large silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
According to the Institute of Cyceology, the total investment in the semiconductor silicone project currently announced by companies is about 140 billion dollars, and the national production of the semiconductor large silicon has begun. The crystals engine is the lead company in the country for the semiconductor large silicone growth processing equipment, with the main product in the centre.
In October 2018, the company obtained orders for the Chinese-ring lead semiconductor monocrystal and cut-off machines and grinders, with an order of $403 million. If the company's large silicon equipment were successfully validated by the Chinese lead, the company was expected to enter.
A step-by-step opening of the markets of other large silicon manufacturers would benefit from a large domestic production wave of large silicon. • There were ample hand orders and companies had high levels of firm growth in 2020 with certainty: by the first three quarters of 2019, companies had not completed their contracts totalling 2,558 million yuan.
The order that Wang Smin completed is more certain about the high growth in company performance in 2020. Risk factors: the expansion of the photovoltaic and semiconductor industries is less than expected and industry competition is increasing.
Risk, company certification of new products, less than expected risk.
The company was created in 2006 and developed as a fully autonomous high-technology company, leading in the country, semiconductor, photovoltaic equipment, and led-line materials.
A fully automated monocrystal growth furnaces, multi-crystal cast furnaces, regional melting silicon monocrystal furnaces, sapphire furnaces, silicon carbide furnaces, etc. Crystal growth equipment: national production of 8-12 inches of silicon in semiconductor industries for the manufacture of crystal-based growth and processing equipment; and international leadership of 300 kgg, 450 kg class super-sized bubbles in the area of led liner material
Sapphire crystals growth technology, with companies providing smart plant solutions in the semiconductor, photovoltaic and led industries in the direction of industry 4.0. Chart 2: Corporate layout semiconductors, photovoltaics, led, industry 4.0
Crystal growth furnaces, silicon monocrystal furnaces, multi-equipment: crystal growth furnaces, silicone monocrystal silicon silicon molten furnaces, rollers, cutters,
(b) Fireplaces, grinders, cutters, polishers, slicers, pecvd consumables: quartz, silicon polish, etc.
Materials: sapphire crystals, polish tablets, face, smart logistics, warehousing, mes, etc. Smartisation devices: crystal growth furnaces, cutters, cutters
The company's clients are head companies in the center ring, crystals, crystals, crystals, and silicon-based materials with semiconductors, such as research, crystals, etc. The client concentration is relatively high, and the top five clients of the company in 2018 together accounted for annual sales.
The total is 68.55%. Company products are specialized equipment, and demand is directly affected by downstream customer expansion plans and the pace of expansion, with a higher concentration of customers making the company more affected by a single customer extension cycle. But on the other hand, when downstream industries are depressed, industry heads are more willing to invest in reverse, maintaining their presence with industry heads.
Good and stable partnerships help companies avoid business risks associated with industry fluctuations.2 The marginal performance is positive, the asset structure is improving rapidly and the cost rate is declining steadily during the single quarter of the year 2.1.
From 2015 to 2017, corporate business earnings and net profit returns grew rapidly, benefiting from the expansion of the downstream photovoltaic energy industry. In 2018, corporate revenue and net profit growth declined as a result of policy adjustments related to downstream photovoltaic industries.
The company’s products can be divided into crystal growth equipment, optical intelligence equipment, led intelligence equipment, sapphire products, etc.
The crystal-growing equipment, which is dominated by single-crystal furnaces and smelting furnaces, is the company’s core product, with the ratio of receivables remaining at around 70%, and the Maori rate is much higher than other products. Smart processing equipment, such as single-crystal silicon cutters, single-crystal silicone rollers, single-crystal silicon rollers, etc., is an important complement of equipment with sales revenue in the first half of 2019.
This compares to 28.7 per cent in the sapphire industry since 2012 and, thanks to the accumulation of technology over the years in the area of the manufacture of crystallized silicon growing equipment, the company has successfully mastered the sapphire long crystal processing equipment and ultra-sized 450-kilogram-grade sapphire growing technology, achieving synergy in the industrial chain up and down, with promising prospects for future development.
Corporate profitability has stabilized at a high of about 40 per cent in recent years, with the highest net interest rate from 16.9 per cent in 2016, highlighting the importance that companies attach to product research and development. Low levels. The increase in corporate orders in 2017 has led to a significant increase in corporate accounts payable, accounts payable and advance payments.
The size of corporate receivables and inventories is relatively large, with corporate receivables and inventories concentrated in the first three quarters of 2019, with the top five clients accounting for only 76.2 per cent of the receivable balance (as of 2018), respectively, but with a lower risk of bad debts, given that corporate clients are predominantly industry-led.
The cash structure is generally stable, mainly for up to one year. Companies’ turnover of receivables has remained high at 2.5 per cent since their listing, in line with the company’s credit policy.
The company ' s products, 57.6 per cent of the book value of the goods, were mainly crystal-growing equipment, requiring a relatively long calibration cycle, which resulted in a higher volume of goods issued by the company and a stock turnover rate of around 1.5 per cent. 3,210 silicon tablets were recognized higher, and a new round of expansion of production capacity in the photovoltaic industry began.
3.1 Photovoltaic development continues to improve, with the tap entering a high-speed extension cycle, and photovoltaics, as a more economically active renewable energy source, is rapidly growing globally and has been used on a large scale. Higher value ratios provide strong support for photovoltaic development and, according to irena data, photovoltaic decomposition.
Ben maintains a rapid downward trend, with the average photovoltage of lcoe down to $0.066 by 2018, and the continuing decline in the same year's excess costs has created a huge future for photovoltaics, and the road map predicts that by 2050 the total global capacity of photovoltaics will reach 8519gw, more than the share of all energy sources.
Forty per cent, the dominant form of electricity generation, is projected by the International Energy Agency (IEA) to be 3268 twh per year of global photovoltaic power generation by 2030, with 16 per cent annual compound growth, which has also developed rapidly in our country in recent years, driven by national policies and subsidies, in 2013-2017.
According to the National Energy Agency, in 2019, new photovoltaics in the country, technological advances and scale have contributed to the downward trend in the photovoltaic sector, and the ultimate goal of low-cost Internet access will be realized in the near future.
Now, the Internet is divided into three main steps, namely, business - residents - using the side price. At this point, based on the latest photovoltaic pole quotes, the price of the light-voltage poles has reached a full level of household flat value, and projects in many of the better-resourced areas of the driver's base have reached the side price of electricity.
In August 2019, the minimum declared electricity price for the Datra flag leader base was 0.24 yuan/kwh, well below the local fire pole price. In the next 2-3 years, the photovoltaic industry will accelerate the spread of affordable Internet access.
The single crystalline silicon project is the absolute mainstream. Large-scale monocrysilica/silicone rod expansion plans have been launched since 2019. The photovoltile locomotives have entered the high-speed extension cycle, and investment in silicone/silicon stick expansion in the photovolt enterprise has been close to 730 since 2019, under the leadership of the company.
Billions of dollars, of which more than $66 billion was invested in the monocrystal silicon project. 3.2 crystal silicon replaces multi-crysilica.
The demand for silicone is gradually increasing, and the continued expansion of the monocrystal share has enabled the long-range company Lungi shares to start large-scale, high-frequency expansion investments in recent years, thus driving the expansion of silicone sticks and silicon tablets. According to the productive capacity of the enterprises, it is expected that by 2020 more than 50 gw will be added, with 25 gw in Lungi, 20 gw in the middle, and 5gw in the future.
In August 2019, the central ring released a large m12 (210 mm) silicon silicon.
In addition to the Central Ring, many manufacturers, such as Tungwei, East Ring, Ningxia Cattle, have also begun to deploy 210 dimensions, and are expected to produce 210 silicon tablets throughout the year 2020.
The output will reach 26gw, with 210 silicon pieces growing at a much faster rate than expected. 3.3 Crystals and power: photovoltaic crystals and silicon processing equipment taps, accelerated landing of orders.
The process from silicon to silicon silicon silicon, cutting, slicing, slicing, etc.; it includes steps such as threading, spreading, pecvd, welding of silicons into components: downstream mainly refers to various photovoltaic systems. The company’s core product crystal growth equipment is mainly applied to the upstream long crystal chain, in addition to the company’s relatively well-developed cutting, open, grinding, slicing, slicing, etc.
In 2019, photovoltaic silicon tablets gradually entered the new cycle, with a large industry trend of 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon, leading companies.
Large-scale equipment providers will benefit in depth. Overall, the roll-out of 12 inches of silicon will raise the unit price of the equipment, and the overall value may be reduced, but with the increase in single crystal penetration, the increase in overall market demand, and the introduction of new products such as slicers, the company’s business prospects for photovoltaic equipment are clear.
By the first three quarters of 2019, the company had not completed a total of $2,558 million, of which the uncompleted contract for photovoltaic equipment amounted to $2,118 million. Between the fourth quarter of 2019 and March 2020, the company again signed a total of $2,849 million, adding up a 4-and-a-half-conductor wave of silicon silicon expansion, benefiting the company from the trend towards national production of equipment.
4.112 inches of silicon is the product of semiconductors, which is classified by function and can be divided into four main categories: integrated circuits, optical electronic devices, separation devices and sensors. The materials used in semiconductor integrated circuits are more difficult to manufacture and more in demand than in the photovoltaic industry.
Silicon is a semiconductor-manufactured material core material that takes up the market space in the semiconductor-manufacturing materials industry Chart 30: Semiconductor silicon-manufacturing process
The high sales of $11.4 billion. Global silicon sales and sales fell by 1.8 per cent in 2019 and 7.2 per cent in 2019, respectively, as a result of the global spread of new coronary pneumonia in 2020, and the downstream demand of the global silicon and semiconductor industries will be somewhat suppressed, but will benefit from emerging end markets such as artificial intelligence, block chains, cloud computing, etc.
The global silicon industry is expected to recover its growth momentum in 2021, with a boom in the field and the digestion of stocks. (Inches) Large silicons are used mainly to produce 90 nm and below-sized storage, digital circuit chips, and mixed signals.
63.8% benefit from high-end chip demand from emerging end markets, and 300 mm semiconductor silicon will remain strong. According to Sumco, the demand for 300 mm semiconductor silicon will maintain an average annual growth rate of 4.1% in 2018-2023, and global capacity will grow to about 7.1 million metres per month in 2023, leaving a demand gap of about 350,000 pieces per month.
4.2 The import dependence of our semiconductor large silicon tablets has become heavily dependent, and the national production of large silicon tablets has been brought to the fore, as Chinese semiconductor manufacturing lines have become available and the market for end products has developed rapidly, the semiconductor silicon market in mainland China has grown rapidly, and silicon sales have increased from $500 million in 2016 to $990 million in 2018, an annual average growth rate.
The size of China’s China’s continental crystal circle is $7.57 billion, or 18.5 per cent of the world’s total; in terms of capacity, Semi published data showing that China’s continental chip manufacturing capacity accounted for about 15 per cent of the world’s production in 2018 and is expected to rise to 19 per cent in 2020, with most of the continental region producing 200 mm or more. In comparison, China’s mainland semiconductor silicon was sold in 2018.
Only 8.7% of global sales, much smaller than the proportion of chip manufacturing capacity, and mostly 150 mm or less. As our chip manufacturing capacity increases, demand for semiconductor silicon, especially over 200 mm of large silicon, will continue to grow.
At present, we have a low rate of national production of 12 inches of silicon. According to the Institute of Cycology, by mid-2019, 12 inches of silicone production in the country was only about 50,000 per month, with a large supply gap for semiconductor silicon. In order to meet the demand for large silicon silicon tablets, which continues to grow in length, the country’s manufacturers are actively producing large silicon tablets.
The total investment in the semiconductor silicon silicon project announced by companies is about 140 billion pieces, with a planned output of 6.5 million silicons by 2023, and the national production of the semiconductor large silicon has been inaugurated. 4.3 crystallizer power: the national production leader of the large silicon device, with large orders, highlights the company’s strength.
In general, the single crystalline silicon purity required for optical voltage amounts to 4-6 (999%-99.999%), while other semiconductor-level silicons require 9-11 degrees of purity, which is more difficult to manufacture, with higher requirements for single crystal rotation, lifting speed, temperature control, magnetic field strength, etc.
Still in the early stages of development, large silicon-producing monocrystal furnaces, grinding equipment, critical consumables, etc. are heavily dependent on imports. In December 2019, the Wassenaar Agreement, designed to regulate China’s exports of technology, was amended to introduce new restrictions on grinding technology for 12 inches of silicon, and the nationalization of large silicon-making equipment is imminent.
Figure 38: Additional restrictions on 12-inch silicon processing technology introduced by the Wassenaar Agreement (`sfqr')
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do it, and we're going to have to do it.
Forthurposeof3.e.4,'sfqr'isthangeofmaximiumversion and minimumversionfrontreferenceplane, calculatedbyleastsquare methhodwithallfrontsurfonsirfacedataincludactingsite.
Transistor power is the backbone of the domestic semiconductor large silicon growth processing equipment, producing a semiconductor single-crystal furnace that is successfully pulled out of the country's first 18-inch semiconductor single-crylic silicon rod, with a single crystal silicon input of up to 440 kgg, and the equipment parameters and capabilities are in the lead in the country. In addition to the single transistor, the company has a 6-12 inch roller, cutter, double-face grinder.
And silicon rods, such as a 6-8 inch polisher, have been brought to the market, and the main products have been supplied in bulk at large domestic plants such as the Central Ring, the Eurasia, the Researcher, the Crystals, and the Jin Rui Yu.
In Hong Kong, the Tin-free People’s Government co-invests in the formation of the Medium Ring Lead Semiconductor Materials Company Ltd. The Department holds a 10% lead share in the Central Ring. The Central Ring is committed to industrializing the integrated circuits with large silicon tablets in two phases, building the capacity of 8 inches of polished chips and 12 inches of polished tablets of 6 million per year (see chart for details of the project).
37). The participation in the middle ring leads to further industrialization of the bulk semiconductor equipment with the company, maintaining the company ' s technological sophistication and market leadership in semiconductor silicone crystal growth and processing equipment. In October 2018, the company obtained a central ring lead semiconductor monocryst and cut-off order for 403 million.
By 2019q3, the company’s semiconductor equipment contract was 540 million yuan. We expect the company’s semiconductor facility to be set up.
In 2020, revenue will be recognized and the company’s semiconductor business will gradually enter the harvest period. Crystal growth equipment: a company that is the backbone of a domestic photovoltaic and semiconductor silicon crystal growth facility, will benefit from depth from a wave of optical and semiconductor large silicon silicon amplification.
Growth is assured. The business income of the company's crystal growing equipment business is expected to increase by the same percentage in 2019-2020/2011 Smart processing equipment: the company's smart processing equipment, including slicers, grinders, cutters, grinders, polishers, etc., processed with optical and semiconductor silicon, is now sufficient for hand orders.
The business income of the Division's crystal growing equipment business grew by 65 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively, and the Māori rate stabilized at 37.5 per cent. Sapphire products: the company has deployed key components such as sapphire material production and grinding and grinding, successfully mastered international-led ultra-too-size 300 kg, 450 kg class sapphire crystal growth technology, and the sapphire material business has a higher cost
Competitiveness and gradual economies of scale. The company’s sapphire product business is expected to run from 2019-2020/2011 and there are currently no companies in a stock listing that are fully comparable to crystallizer power, so we split the company’s business into two major plates of photovoltaic and semiconductor equipment, and then split it. In the PV plate, we choose to come on board.
Digital controls (photo-slicing machines), Jae Qa Weijiang (cleaning of fumes/pecvd), Mae for shares (wire-net printing equipment/pecvd) and golden e-mail for automatic production lines for photovoltaic components. In semiconductor units, we choose Hasegawa technology (envelopement equipment) and North China (semiconductor equipment) for comparisons.
On the basis of the valuation of the firm and the net profit ratio of the various business plates, we calculated that in 2020, 40.4 times as much pe as in the firm. According to our profit projections for the company, the expansion of the company ' s optical and semiconductor sector in 2019-2020/2011 was below the expected risks, the increased risks of competition in the industry, and the certification of new products by the company.