Middle Sea Control (601919.sh) Transport and Shipping Port, Middle Sea Control published the 2023 annual report, and the high dividends and buybacks highlighted the firm's strong attitude towards paying off shareholders.
In 2023, China and the Far China managed to achieve operating income of $17.45 billion, a 55.1 per cent decline in the same year, and a net return of $23.75 billion, a 78.2 per cent decline in the same year.q In the first quarter of 2004, the company achieved operating income of $40.890 billion.
In 2023, the volume of corporate freight was relatively stable, but the revenue per box fell markedly. In 2023, the Middle and Far Sea Controls achieved a total of 24.4 million Teu, a 3.5 per cent decline in the same year, with 4.5/4.5/8/2/2.7/4.5 million Teu in the United States/Eurasian/Asian/other routes/intra-trade routes, respectively.
But the company's revenue fell sharply in 2023, mainly as a result of a single box of revenue from international shipping lines, a single box of revenue from foreign trade routes in 2023, which was only relatively weak in the global economy in the year, and container ships began to deliver in bulk, with a deteriorating supply-demand relationship leading to a more expensive transport of water.
Middle and Far Seas Control (6019.sh) - Full Refund Shareholders, Repurchases to show the medium and long term. Mid and Far Sea Control (6019.sh) 2022 Report Report - Re-innovation, 23 years of continued tension at sea, and tight supply of the relevant routes market contributed to a recovery in shipping prices at the end of the year.
Mid-Sea Control (601919.sh) - The Association has been active in promoting the quality of profits, taking into account that about 30% of the world's capacity has been deployed on the European Line, while the Cape of Good Hope around the Suez Canal route stretches.
The Fed is expected to open interest rates in June, or will release consumption activity, which will be available in the season. According to the Federal Reserve’s March proceedings, the Fed may open interest rates in June, when consumption in Europe and the United States will move.
Power is expected to be activated, and given the current low position of America’s durable goods stock, the United States is expected to enter the stage of being moved to stock and actively replenishing it, or to lay the foundation for the needs of the season. As a fleet of shipowners, the ocean controls show better bargaining power at both ends than industry averages.
Taking into account that the current Red Sea events have driven demand in the industry, we have projected the company’s performance in 2024 from the Middle and Far China to be published in the annual 2023 report, with high dividends and buybacks highlighting the firm’s attitude of strong returns to shareholders.
Figure 2: Medium- and Far- Seas controlled net profits and growth rates of mothers, Figure 1: Medium- and Far-sea controlled operating income and growth Figure 3: Medium- and Far-sea controlled single-quarter operating income and increase
Figure 4: Medium- and Far-sea control of single-quarter net profit and increase in corporate freight volume was relatively stable in 2023, but single-box revenue fell significantly. In 2023, Middle and Far-Sea control achieved a total of 24.4 million tons of teu, a 3.5 per cent decline compared to the previous period, with US/E/Asia/other routes/
Intra-trade routes achieved 4.5/4.5/8/2/2/2.7.4 million tons of traffic, down by the same year, to tap into third-country market opportunities. But company revenues fell significantly in 2023, mainly as a result of international figure 6: Sea-controlled single-box revenues fell by less than scfi.
Figure 7: The decline in sea-controlled single-box revenues was less than the ccfi drop, the global economy was weaker, and container ships started to deliver in bulk, and the deterioration in supply-demand relations led to overall price levels continuing the downward trend since the second half of 2022. However, in mid-November 2023, the situation in the Red Sea remained tight.
Zhang, the tightening of the market power supply on the relevant routes is driving up prices at the end of the year. Given that about 30% of the global capacity is deployed on the European line, and about 30% of the long one-way distance from the Suez Canal route, the supply and demand patterns of the industry as a whole are expected to improve.
The Fed is expected to open interest rates in June, or it will release consumer activity, and it will be able to do so. According to the Federal Reserve's March proceedings, the Fed may open interest rates in June, when Europe and the United States are expected to be activated. Given the current low position of America's durable stocks, the United States is expected to move into passive de-stocking and mastery.
Sea control, as a fleet owner, shows better bargaining power than industry averages at both ends, considering that the current Red Sea events have driven demand in the industry, and we have projected the company’s performance in 2024 from $27.65 billion.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject