In 2023, the company realized a net profit of $3.803 billion. The main reason for the increase in operating income was the impact of increased coal trade, the company’s net profit.
The significant increase in net return on the parent is mainly due to the lower cost of fuel, which in 2023 was about RMB 1 billion (21.41%), and the lower return on investment in the same year was due to the lower return on the coal industry. Of the return on investment, RMB 2,950 million (+13.7%) was recognized as the return on investment with the new energy source of HSE.
As of 2023, the company held 2.92gw electricity, pumped water storage 0.30gw, and the future delivery of the company’s fire power project will drive the company’s performance growth. Steady electricity prices and lower coal prices are expected to drive further improvements.
At the same time, the implementation of electricity prices has allowed coal-fired power plants to channel their fixed costs and build new power systems.
In terms of electricity prices, strengthening the energy industry, policy research and market situation, combining market transactions, and strengthening the profit base; on the coal side.
On the other hand, the cost of fuel is expected to decrease further by strengthening research and policy analysis in the coal market, expanding coal access channels, optimizing coal entry structures, and increasing the number of annual inter-agency contracts with price advantages. On the financial side, through stock swaps, early repayments, etc., high-interest loan swaps and lower financial costs are effective.
China Electric International (600027.sh) - Sustained improvements in profits and significant increases in net returns of q3 to mothers
China Electric International (600027.sh) - Three-quarter performance loops down, investment returns season Investment proposal: higher profit forecast due to company growth in coal power plants and lower coal prices. Business income is expected to rise steadily, and net profit returns are expected to rise significantly. In 2023, companies achieved business income.
The main reason for the increase in corporate operating income is the impact of increased coal trade, which in 2023 was reduced in public-owned coal enterprises. Of the return on investment, 2.95 billion yuan (+13.7 per cent) was recognized as investment gains.
The increase of 6.00 pct over the same period is mainly due to a decrease in the price of coal, resulting in a decrease in the cost of electricity fuels. In terms of cost rates, the decrease is 0.70 per cent and 0.11 per cent respectively, and the decline in the cost of corporate finance is due mainly to an increase in the cost of companies.
In the same period, the net interest rate of companies increased by 4.70 pct to 4.10% over the same period, as a result of an increase in the Māori rate and a decrease in the cost rate.
In 2023, the company rose by 11.46 pct to 9.34% over the same period in 2022. In 2023, the net operating cash flow was $13.252 billion, an increase of 37.26%, mainly due to the impact of business improvements;
In 2024, the company planned to spend $9.7 billion on capital for power project construction, environmental and energy-efficient technology adaptation, and equity investment. Fire-loading capacity increased further, driving the company’s performance. As of 2023, the company held stock capacity.
For 58.45gw, mainly coal power, 46.89gw, gas power 9.09gw, utilities 2.46gw. In 2023, the company was approved and assembled with a capacity of 6.54gw, including coal power, 3.32gw, gas power, 2.92gw, pumping water, and 0.30gw, and the future shipment of the company ' s fire power project will drive the company ' s performance growth.
Power price stabilization and lower coal prices are expected to drive further improvements in the profits from coal. Coal consumption is expected to slow down, policy guarantees that medium- and long-term contract performance under coal will increase, coal prices will shift downward, and prices will stabilize, and corporate electricity will improve further.
Fixed costs can be channeled through capacity prices, and in the context of the construction of new power systems, the increase in revenues such as fire-aid services, capacity-priced electricity, etc., and future profits from fire power, the stabilization of cash flows and the prospect of an increase in the level of dividends.
Research and market situation studies, combined market transactions at volume prices to strengthen the profit base; coal, enhanced coal market research and policy analysis, expansion of coal channels, optimization of coal-entry structures, and increase of price-consumption annual contracts, with fuel costs expected to decrease further.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning its judgement and drawing conclusions, it seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.