I've seen a remarkable improvement in profits, and I'm looking forward to a better valuation of the company.
\triangleright \triangleright Power Coal Central Coal supercharged by the Association of Governors, the company ' s electricity consumption costs have fallen and profits have increased. \t5500 coal powered in 2023 at an average cost of $965.34/t, compared to 23.9% in 2023; annual Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Co.
Market data: April 18, 2024. Corporate companies have implemented the JAG cash delivery by actively expanding access to coal resources, raising the highest/minimum (in yuan) in the public year:
The company is one of China's largest listed power companies. By the end of 2023, the company had 45 holding companies with a holding capacity of 58449.78 megawatts (MW), of which the coal-fired power plant held 46890 megawatts (MW) and the gas generation control.
Basic data: On December 31, 2023, 9094.59 megawatts installed and 2459 megawatts installed in hydro-power holding units. Over 90% of the company ' s gun generator fleet is a high-capacity, efficient, environmentally friendly unit of 300 megawatts and above, of which 600
At the same time, the company’s main unit is located in the provinces of Shandong, Sichuan, Henan, Anhui, Hubei, Guangdong, etc., where electricity is transferred to the country’s electricity grid at an average cost of 516.98 yuan/megawatt hours, compared to the country’s 33-point (other than Tibet) electricity grid in 2023.
The company’s fleet is expected to benefit from the introduction of a capacity price policy and enhanced corporate performance stability. At the same time, the company’s market value management has been strengthened, and the company’s assets, as a platform for China’s electricity and electricity market, have become an asset.
Liu Gui army conditions are verified and disclosed by HCI. In 2023, the Profit Distribution Programme is to distribute dividends of 0.15 yuan per RMB, including taxes, based on total equity, for a total of 1,534 million yuan.
Taxes, 43.65% of net profits available for distribution to mothers. With enhanced market value management and continued growth in corporate profitability, there is still room for improvement in the company’s ability to divide red later. \triangleright
Annual power coal prices move downwards, looking at the company’s continued increase in profitability, the company’s red-dimension capability, and there is still room for improvement, with a certain investment value. For the first time, coverage is given, with an investment rating of “uptake-a.” Not as likely as expected to reduce the risk of power consumption; 2) risks to the electricity market; and our new energy package.
The machine ratio is provided, the power generation space is further depressed and companies are at risk of falling power. The electricity market has been pushed out, with some uncertainty about the price of electricity and the number of hours spent; 3) the price of coal for combustion is higher than expected; since 2024, the supply policy has been relaxed and the JCJ has requested a reduction in coverage if
In the event of a subsequent reduction in coal coverage, or higher expectations such as a reduction in coal demand or imports, coal prices may still increase, with the risk of higher fuel coal costs; 4) project development risks; there is still greater uncertainty about the regulations for some of the company's pumping and energy projects and it is difficult to generate scale effects in the short term; and others, such as new storages, are likely to increase.
There are doubts about the pace of development in new areas such as energy, geothermal, hydrogen production and hydrogen use; 5) risks to safe production; there are certain risk factors for power production; 6) environmental risks; and as the dual carbon strategy moves forward, the demand for electricity from fire or carbon emission requirements or will increase, there may be an increase in environmental costs.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.