China Power International (600027) reported a reduction of 3.21 per cent in the first quarter of 2024; a net return to mothers of $1,862 million was realized, an increase of 64.21 per cent over the same period. 24q1 hydroelectric power generation increased faster than the previous year. 24q1 completed 56164 million.
The suzhibin@dgzq.com.cn wt. fell by about 0.19 per cent in the same year, with coal/gas/hydropower generating capacity falling by 4.06 per cent in the same year.
The 24q1 company operating costs decreased by 7.41 per cent on a year-on-year basis, thus contributing to the increase in the company ' s net return profit. 24q1 company ' s gross profit rate was 8.40 per cent, an increase of 4.16 percentage points on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of coal prices and the company ' s participation in the new power generation, thereby taking advantage of the opportunities for transformation. 24q1 company ' s investment return was $1,148 million.
The company is involved in the silver star coal industry, the Chinese electric coal industry, and the new power industry. As one of the first companies to participate in the development and operation of the new energy generation business in the country, the new energy generation sector has long-term depths in the field of new energy generation, a forward-looking distribution of high-quality resources in the three northern regions, and has been actively promoting the benefits of energy generation.
In 2021-2023, China's new power generation grew from $21,668 million to $29,543 million, and the cagr was 16.77 per cent.
The company’s participation in new power sources helps to manage energy-powered coal price volatility, and so on. “positive” investors are only suitable for risk-level studies that are not higher than “medium- and high-risk” ones, and “radical” investors are suitable for our division’s various categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.