The company benefited from falling fuel prices, new projects, etc. The company benefited from falling fuel prices, new projects, etc. In 2023, the company increased its revenue on a year-on-year basis.
This is mainly due to the increase in coal trade on a year-on-year basis; and the significant increase in net profits on corporate repatriation, mainly due to (1) lower fuel prices on a year-on-year basis, and (2) incremental benefits from new projects. On a single quarter, 2023q4 companies achieved $26,451 million in revenues, a decrease of 3.49 per cent; and net returns on returns were $24 million.
In 2023, the company ' s Māori rate was split and its profitability increased significantly, mainly because of lower fuel prices on a par. In a single quarter, the company was one of the country ' s largest integrated energy enterprises.
The company currently operates 45 holding companies with a holding capacity of 58449.78 megawatts (MW), of which coal/gas/hydropower is the source of electricity.
For one of the first companies to be involved in the development and operation of new energy sources in the country, it is long-term.
In the field of new energy generation, the forward-looking deployment of high-quality resources in the three north-eastern regions has actively expanded to the south-central and south-eastern regions, which have the advantage of overcoming them, and has gradually opened up innovative operations such as the “new energy +” in the south-west, covering regions with abundant wind resources and high demand for electricity consumption in the country. 2021-2023,
The revenue from new power sources in China grew from $21,668 billion to $29,543 million, or 16.77 per cent, and the energy structure of the country changed and the new energy sources grew rapidly. The company’s participation in new power sources helped to manage the risks of volatile power-powered coal prices, among other things.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.