The performance of HCI (600027.sh) is largely in line with expectations, with significant increases in profitability.
Quarterly reports issued by companies in 2024: companies achieved business income of $30,952 million during the reporting period, equivalent to $1 billion: net cash flows from operating activities of $4,369 million, +78.72 per cent over the same period; basic per share of company performance was largely in line with expectations, low-to-reducing prices on the Internet were slightly pressured at the end of the harvest and profits were high
The cost-side improvement has led to a significant increase in corporate profitability. In the first quarter of 24 years, the company's revenue per share was about 0.16, an increase of 77.8 per cent over the previous quarter; the company's profitability has increased significantly, mainly at the upstream end of the raw material base.
Companies are actively expanding the supply of coal resources and increasing the share of the fuel masters, and are expected to continue at the profitable end of the flowa share of market value (billions): coal power generation and grid access are robust and hydropower is increasing. The company has accumulated over the first quarter of the 24-year period.
The amount of electricity generated as a result was 56,164 million kWh, a decline of about 0.19 per cent over the same period in the previous year; coal electricity generated 1,011 million kWh of electricity generated by hydroelectric power, compared with 24.81 per cent in the same year. The number of electricity generated on the Internet was 52,477 million kWh, a decline of about 0.3 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year; coal electricity connected to the grid was 47,295 million kWh in the same period, compared with the ratio.
The price of electricity per capacity is expected to increase performance stability further, thereby increasing the distribution capacity. The company’s fleet is advanced.
At the same time, China’s market-market management has been strengthened, and the company’s assets are still expected to be strong. (In 2023, China’s electricity supply to non-market conventional energy generation assets were in line with infusion regulations.)
Liu Gui's military files are verified and disclosed by HCI. The 2023 profit distribution program is to distribute RMB 0.15 (including taxes) per share of dividends, based on total equity, for a total of RMB 1.534 billion (including taxes).
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.