On October 18, 2023, the company built the aigc+copilot+insight product line.
In 2017, it set up the ai center, raising artificial intelligence to a strategic position within the company. In 2018, the company formally established the four main strategies of "many screens, clouds, ai and content". In the context of the wave of large model technologies, the company built the ai product line with "aigc+copilot+intight" as the inner core, in which:
Aigc: Smart content creation. Aigc improves the efficiency and quality of expression by using the power of large models to help each user to optimize the process. As digitalization permeates all walks of life, user demand for more efficient creation and management becomes more evident. In wps, users can use it directly.
Aigc-related functions, post renewal, pt generation, etc.. avoids creating from 0 to 1 and saves a lot of time on searching. Aigc can provide easier generation tools, no longer limited by templates, and more closely suited to users ' needs;
Copilot: Changes in interactive ways. 1) In the text field, copilot supports voice awakening, recording s01052111003: Users can directly awaken copilot by voice, write inspiration anywhere, and instantaneously and instantaneously.
Copilot co-authors; 2) In the table, copilot understands the user command and converts it into a formula: in the excel, just enter the need, and copilot converts intelligence to a formula based on understanding the user command. s01052209001
Insight: refines unstructured data and enhances the efficiency of knowledge reuse. Insight analyzes text at second speed, synthesizing articles. In pdf, insight quickly refines the focus and answers questions based on content. With insight's help, businesses can understand, refine, and apply non-structure more efficiently.
1. The Golden Mountain Office (6881.sh) semi-annual 2023 report, based on access to the common model, develops a self-researched professional model to enhance Wpsai ' s capabilities.
\triangleright and perfection. The company has developed small models of self-research based on open-source models of industry, such as 7b and 13b, which have the advantage of fast training and reasoning, with less resource consumption, and easier access to hundreds of milliseconds of search and reading.
2. Kimsan Office (6881.sh) Quarterly 2023. Good results in addressing gaps in the capability of the generic large model in a given scenario, deployment, reasoning and evaluation: high growth in subscriptions, stimulating the plan to bind the core
The total language of the company’s 7b model is at the tb level, and the Chinese account for 3. Kimshan office (6881.sh) event review: wps
About 65% of the total, training efficiency can be 1600 token/sec/gpu. In terms of training effectiveness, it performs a 6b/7b model in natural language understanding tasks that outperform the opening sources of the other three industries; the total language of the company ' s 13b model is about 100 million token, with Chinese accounting for about 10% of the total, defining its distributional strategy under the best training efficiency.
4. The efficiency of training on several a800 stations was higher than 65 per cent in the first quarter of 2022 at the office in Kanshan (6881.sh).
\triangleright \triangleright
5. Kanshan Office (688111) 2021 Annual Report Review: Over 40 per cent increase in revenue and high contractual liability to increase growth potential - \triangleright
In May of the same year, Yao-Tung returned to Kim-san and led the organization of the office in Kim-shan.
The ai algorithms, engineering and product teams are responsible for improving the algorithms, facilitating project landings, and building the talent ladder. In 2018, Kimsan formalized the four main strategies of “many screens, clouds, ai and content”. The main thrust of the ai strategy is to improve office efficiency through the development of innovative functions through the ai capabilities and the use of an ai-assisted office. As of 2022
At the time of the launch of Chatgpt in November, the Golden Hill office had a 100-person team divided into infrastructure, platform, products and applications, basic algorithms and the development of nearly 100 ai office capacity, covering full-text translation, document proofreading, intelligent writing, ppt beautification, data analysis, etc., and more than 18 ai applications were located and captured.
Five international prizes for the technology of the front-stage technology of the Golden Hills have been outstanding, with some of the skills in the technical field joining the country’s first echelons.
Over millions of people have also been trained in the " i " platform based on distributed training, which includes one-stop platforms such as training data processing, training dispatch, service surveillance alerts, link tracking, etc., to the level of the country ' s first-tier team. 2 companies have defined the product system for aigc+copilot+intight.
At the beginning of the year, it was set to form the company 'aigc+copilot+insight' as a product line for the company 'i. Access to the big model opened the test at the end of March 2023; on April 18, the company's official announced "wpsai" and embedded it for the first time in light document products. On May 16, the company further embedded "wpsai" in other office products, packages.
On May 23, the company officially released “wps 365” on 31st, and on July 6th, the company announced that the wps would open their application, and on July 27th, the overseas edition of the public survey.
It's a unique technology path for wpsai. Small self-research models reduce the cost and time of reasoning, increase the sense of household experience; server management models balance the time allocation of training and reasoning and increase the efficiency of the application of arithmetic; and i. The integrated management of the gateway solves the problems of access to and use of different large models, reflecting the softness of the gold mountain with its office.
Figure 2: Since the beginning of the year, a review of the wpsai support traditional office software has been carried out by the office in Kimshan, leading to a significant increase in office efficiency and a reduction in user access thresholds.
ai assigns aigc functions in light files, text, and presentations. Wpsai has the function of modeling and content development optimization for easier creation in text applications; wpsai displays copilot functions in tables and presentations. Under copilot, users no longer need to spend time and effort studying the various functions of the software.
To be able to and set it up, you just have to ask wpsai easily or give instructions to get personalized advice and help immediately; in pdf application, insight can quickly refine its focus and answer questions according to its content. With insight's help, businesses can process unstructured data more efficiently and quickly find the information they need.
It is used in various knowledge management and decision support tasks to re-upgrade efficiency.
Aigc helps each user to optimize the process and improve the efficiency and quality of expression by using the power of a large model. As digitalization permeates all walks of life, the user’s need for more efficient creation and management becomes more evident.
. Avoiding creation from 0 to 1 saves a lot of time to search for information. Aigc is able to provide easier generation tools that are no longer limited by the template and that are closer to the user’s needs. Articles can be created by one key, such as colouring: the user can be directly in the wps document editing environment, directly.
Continues, nuances. A key is generated without a complex operation to speed up the process of content optimization; aigc allows users to read long text with greater clarity and efficiency: former long text reports, etc., usually require full text reading by house, core information found or relevant parts filtered, with requirements for accuracy and comprehensiveness
Aigc can generate refined reports within seconds by reading materials such as contracts, minutes of meetings, etc. Users can access relevant information in simple question-and-answer formats, save considerable time and improve the efficiency of the filtering of documents;
Aigc provides users with a clearer and more efficient reading of long texts: in the past, long text reports, etc., usually require a full-text home reading, core information or screening of relevant parts, increasing requirements for accuracy and comprehensiveness. Aigc can generate refinements in a few seconds through reading materials such as contracts, minutes of meetings, etc.
Reports that users can access relevant information in a simple question-and-answer format, save considerable time and improve the efficiency of the filtering of file-based information; 4.aigc allows the pt presentation to be simpler: a description of the subject generates the full pt, while providing it
Colouring and formatting. Compared to the past, when users need not re-edit or use a limited template, now they need only to provide presentation themes and highlights, aigc can help to generate presentation outlines, layouts, fonts, etc., can be glorified, and the drawings can be created simultaneously, and users can adjust their style.
Aigc runs through the user ' s process of using ppt, and, in addition to the above-mentioned functionality, generates matching comments based on the demonstration information for speakers to refer to in the presentation. In addition, aigc directly generates appt based on the user ' s pdf livedoc document, allowing the user to use its own material.
Figure 4: Aigc provides a key rewrite/coloration that accelerates the creation efficiency figure 5: Generate refined reports for long text
Figure 6: Aigc makes the presentation simpler by 2.2copilot: the interactive paradigm revolution copilot significantly lowers the threshold for office software applications by simplifying operations.
The principle 2/8 suggests that users usually use only 20% of the software ' s functionality. The office software shows a trend towards continuous upgrading and development, with diverse and complex functions that require users to spend more time and experience learning and holding hands. wps roll copilot, with which users simply ask or send wpsai questions.
The instructions provide immediate personalized advice and help without major learning costs. Copilot is currently developing many of its functions. The two cases that are already in use are described below. It can be seen that wps ai effectively reduces the user’s use of the previously complex functions and improves the efficiency of its work widely, specifically: 1)
In the text area, the copilot supports voice-awakening and time-recording: users can wake up copilot directly by voice, take inspiration anywhere they want, and immediately create it together with copilot. There is no need for sophisticated software tools to free both hands. In exceptional circumstances, the user cannot type in and out; 2) in the table, copilot
Decoupling user commands and translating them into formulae: in Excel, you simply enter the need, and the copilot converts intelligence into formulas based on an understanding of the user commands. The user threshold is lowered for those who are unfamiliar with the excel formula, and even if you are not familiar with the formula, you can quickly access the excel and produce the result.
2.3 insight: refining unstructured data to enhance knowledge reuse efficiency Enterprise data can be divided into two main categories: structured data and non-structured data. Structured data are information that can be expressed in numerical or unified structures, usually stored in databases, easily managed and analysed; not closed
As the amount of data increases and changes in data types, traditional structured data are no longer mainstream, and unstructured data dominates the total data.
There is an increasing proportion of the volume, and without the right tools to analyse these big data, the value of the enterprise’s data will be too high. The company’s traditional use of full-text search techniques is slow and inefficient, allowing key-word searches in big files often returns a large number of results, and the deviation between the result and the user’s needs leads to an overflow of information.
Unlike aigc, it answers questions not on the basis of public information, but on the basis of user-owned data.
Questions and answers, including extracting data from documents and answering various knowledge-related questions. Applying the text, insight analyses the text at a second speed, synthesizing the article; in pdf, insight quickly refines the heavy points and answers questions on the basis of the content.
Use unstructured data to quickly locate the required information and use it in decision-making management to re-upgrade efficiency. Figure 9: SQD document focus. Figure 10: Response based on document content
3 Research and development of industry models dedicated to wpsai capacity enhancement and the end of the ai era has created a new demand for the bottom structure of the office in Kimsan, which, in addition to the traditional three elements of arithmetic, data, algorithms, requires a combination of strong engineering capabilities and a response to a rich breakdown of scenes.
. To meet the needs of the application end-separation scenario, the office in Kimsan is based on open-source substations, and, through training and training in the technical pathways of the Qualified Self-Research Model, helps wpsai to become a home-leading one-office application. KIMshan office selection strategy for a hybrid deployment model is aimed at upgrading and improving wpsai capabilities:
There is still a lack of capacity for generic large models in specific scenarios, and the costs of deployment, reasoning, and wiring are higher, the costs of sex are lower, and small scenarios need to be supplemented by self-researching models based on the cost of intervention of large models. The corporate research and development team has developed small models based on open-source models of industry, such as 7b, 13b, with the advantage of self-researching small models.
The rapid pace of training and reasoning, the small amount of reasoning resources consumed, the ease with which token/sec/gpu can be searched hundreds of milliseconds, the reading effect token/gpu, which, in terms of its training effects, is superior to the 6b/7b model for natural language understanding tasks than the opening source of the other three industries; the total language of the company ' s 13b model is about 100 million token, with Chinese accounting for about 10 per cent.
A distributed strategy with optimal training efficiency was identified, with training utilization on several tables a800 being higher than 65 per cent. Figure 12: Introduction to the Self-Research 13b Model, Figure 11: Introduction to the Self-Research 7b Model
The company uses self-research models that combine the database with open-source embedding models.
Embedding itself is a small model relative to the production model, and its semantic similarities are significantly better than the traditional keyword-based model. The company uses its own model structure and collects a number of open-source public materials for training, producing self-research models.
In the depths of the model, the company is currently re-trained and fine-tuned mainly on the basis of the open source models of chhatglm2 and bloom. In terms of core competencies, the company addresses mainly the length of windows entering context, such as the usual.
The window length of the small scale open source model is around 2000 and, although the window can be larger through the configuration of some model parameters, the quality of the output will decrease noticeably. Through engineering, the company, while increasing the input length and ensuring the quality of the output, may be driven by the cost of time or space.
Quickity, but companies can effectively resolve it in conjunction with meritorious engineering. In terms of area suitability, because there are significant differences in files in different fields, companies will do more data collection and data tagging to remodel each area. In terms of private data, small- and medium-sized models are more easily available for privatization deployment and advancement.
Wpsai’s formula-generation function, unstructured data search function, is achieved through self-research models. Formula-generation on the Internet is not rich in language, and companies themselves complement the model by training in data labelling.
. For some personalized details, such as the identification of the extent of the fields connected to the tables, the number of differences, titles, etc., the high response speed required requires self-researching of small models to help achieve it; while in the document search side, when the number of documents is large, it takes a lot of money, and it takes a long time to process them using large models.
Small models can deal with the problem effectively with fast and high-quality reading understanding after targeted performance. Large models will also be scaled up in the future, but because of current business landscape needs and resource constraints, small models are a meaningful complement.
Office software is expected to be one of the first areas to deliver on its performance, with companies accelerating their full integration, valuation systems of billions of yuan, corresponding to 105x, 71x, 54x, and looking at the company's business prospects and maintaining a “recommended” rating. 1) Technology is not as fast as expected.chatgpt technology is still in the advanced stages of scaling up.
Technology is still progressing, improving and upgrading. If the pace of technological progress is lower than expected, it will interfere with the pace of subsequent market expansion; 2) the risk of increased competition in the industry.
If a company fails to develop new products in a timely manner adapted to market demand, this may affect the company’s pre-eminence in the market segment, thereby adversely affecting the company’s share and profitability.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.