q1 performance rings improved, and three-star output exits opened up new opportunities Events: 27 April 2020, 2019 and 2020 1-quarter reports issued by Tokyo East, 2019, when the company achieved an increase of 19.51 per cent over the previous year of $16.6 billion; Kyoto Orientala (000725.sz)
In 2020, q1, the company achieved 25,880 million in revenue, and the q1 performance ring improved in line with expectations. During 2019, the panel industry was in reverse, with large-size panel prices falling unilaterally from the bottom to the bottom in December. The company’s performance was closely related to the industry’s climate, with q4 at the bottom of the landscape in 19 years, with the company collecting $30,338 million per season.
The loss was 978 million yuan, the worst performance in the last three years. And the 20-year q1 epidemic, while partly affecting the company’s start-up rate, was driven by rising prices. Moreover, the company maintained a steady cash flow, with business cash inflows in 2019 amounting to $143,704 million, and q1 operating cash inflows in 2020 amounting to $33,226 million, a reduction to 59 days per day, which contributed significantly to the improvement in cash flows.
In 2019, the company spent $6.7 billion on R & D, an increase of 32.94 per cent over the previous year, exceeding the growth rate. The company’s R & D investment was not limited to the end of the photovoltaic display, but also built in the area of artificial intelligence. The company ranked sixth on the patent list of Chinese firms for artificial intelligence technology inventions.
The Bureau will effectively contribute to the development strategy of the dsh. s150520030001 The size of the company's displays increased by 19% in 2019 and 16% in the same year.
The market for the top five major markets, such as the Wang Sayu Monitor, TV, and so on, continues to be the world’s largest. On the oled panel, we measure the volume of corporate sales in 2019 at 17 million, and it is expected to reach 60 million by 2020.
The construction of the company’s production line has also continued, including the completion of the fertilizing b910.5 generation line: Tsangyang b11oled, Wuhan b1710.5 generation production, and Chongqing Qingoled production line, which has also completed the pillar. The epidemic has somewhat slowed the build-up of the Wuhan line’s production capacity, but other production lines are not affected.
\triangleright also saw the recent announcement that Samsung will withdraw from all lcd capacity by 2020, with three large sizes of lcd producing lines in Korea, 200k, 150k, and 160k. The Tristars plan to withdraw all l8-1 and l8-2 capacity by the end of 2021, while the l7-2
Sinda Securities keeps 50k of itt capacity. This plan is to phase out all capacity by 2020. With the implementation of this new plan, the three stars will withdraw their cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. by 2020.
In Beijing, building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in the west corner of the city, has a capacity of 2,422,000 square metres, equivalent to 16.92% of global capacity. The shutdown is expected to be over-market in both rhythm and magnitude. Moreover, the industry bank is still at a low level, so once the epidemic has been brought under control, it will replicate the warming trend of domestic demand, and the panel price may be expected to rebound.
Investment proposals: Kyoto East is firmly established as a global panel leader, with the top sales of panels in five major markets: smart machines, tablets, notebooks, monitors, television, etc. \triangleright being the world’s largest. Companies are expanding their productive advantage, with b9, b17, and b11 production lines falling in an orderly fashion.
We believe that, although the epidemic has short-term effects on sales of tv, prices are under pressure. But, given the accelerated exit from lcd capacity by Samsung, and the fact that industrial stocks are still low, it is suggested that once the epidemic has been brought under control, the domestic warming trend will be replicated, the panel price will be reversed.
Risk factors: corporate client growth is not as high as expected; the pace of development of new technologies and capacity-building is slowing; the epidemic is too long and the price of the lcd panel has fallen sharply.
Figure 3: Cost rates during the period in Kyoto East, Figure 4: R&D costs in Kyoto East (millions of yuan) Figure 5: Revenues and operating cash flows in Kyoto East (millions of yuan)
Figure 6: Net profits and operating net cash flows from Kyoto East (millions of yuan) Figure 7: Inventory from Kyoto East (billions) Figure 8: Accounts receivable from Kyoto East (billions)
Fang Jing, a leading student at the Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, and has foreign experience in the field of semiconductors and consumer electronics, including Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also known in the country as the semiconductor business that hatched in 19; the Crystal Ball 2/3 in 18/19; and the Golden Bull Award 3/2 in 18/19 in the electronics sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.