A.K.E. (000725) S.S.I.A., Wisdom, Wisdom Medical Worker plus code, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
Events: Three major investments are proposed by the company: the company proposes to invest $6 billion in the construction of the Kyodong Innovation Centre in Chengdu, New West: the Kyeongdong Innovation Centre in Chongqing and Kyeonggang, the Kyeongdong Innovation Centre project: the sum of $2.4 billion is proposed for the construction of the Kyeongdong Hospital in Suzhou
Intelligents, smart healers, and big projects are going forward. This is a major result of the ICSID project, which has been built on the ground for about 344 acres in three phases, and the company will be working through its fully-funded subsidiary, Kyoto Wisdom Technology.
The company raised $2.95 billion, and the remaining amount was raised by the project company; Chongqing project covered approximately 106 acres, and the company raised $2.35 billion through Kyoto Wisdom Science and Technology, and the remaining amount was raised by the project company, and the project was stable, and was expected to make a significant economic contribution to the company when it became operational.
For-profit general hospital, proposed for acquisition and rehabilitation of the People's Hospital in the Wu Gang Economic Development Area in Suzhou City, proposed to raise $1.5 billion from the full-time subsidiary, the Tokyo East Health Investment Management Company Ltd., with the remainder raised by the project company, which is one of the key layouts of the company's digital hospital system and will be operational.
• lcd: Korean factory lcd output can accelerate exit and panel prices enter the upper route. LGd announced the closure of local tv panel capacity in early 2020, and Samsung announced its withdrawal from the lcd market by the end of March, and Korean factory output
According to previously projected data from the group wisdom consultation, Igd production capacity is expected to decrease by 35%, tristar by 28%, global tv panel capacity is about 1.7% higher than it is. Given the speed with which Korea’s manufacturing capacity has increased, this year’s panel capacity is expected to grow again, and supply-side improvements are expected to accelerate.
According to the data released by witsview on 22 June, the prices of LCD panels rose by 1.9% and 31% for 55 and 32 inches, respectively, by 0.3%, 14 inches and 11.6 inches, respectively, and by 0.4% °oled: application of higher penetration rates to boost company performance to boost new dynamic energy.
In small sizes, the company’s 20q1 global output is about 5%, according to the intelligence advice. In 2019, the 6th-generation flexible aoled production line increased significantly, with a high level of innovation, 1. Kyoto Easta (000725).
On July 15, Siangyang's 11th line successfully produced and Chongqing's 12th line completed the stump. The company's oled product will continue to be imported into front-line domestic and foreign brand clients, with the soft-led smartphone market being the second largest in the world.
2. Kyodonga (000725). The Yianyang b had 11 doses, and the relay lcd became the main profit growth point.
The net return profit over the next three years will maintain a complex growth rate of 76.6%, bearing in mind that the company is the head of the panel industry, and will take the lead in benefiting from a cycle reversal and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The search for a return or less than expected: the progress or otherwise of the Intelligent Union/Medical Worker Project, the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
Assumption 1: the panel industry has a large upturn, but the new crown was affected by the epidemic in 2020 by a weakening demand level of h1, which affected the annual rate of increase in income, year-round upward growth in panel prices, which led to an increase in the Māori rate, a significant improvement in both supply and demand levels in 2021, a significant increase in income and gross interest rates, and an assumed increase of 10 per cent, 18 per cent and 15 per cent in the volume of orders for the display business in 2020-2022, respectively, Māori
Assumption 2: corporate intelligence services and smart retail operations continue to grow, the 2020 outbreak impact orders were released and confirmed, scenario 3: The company ' s current construction of a digital polyclinic and a health industry park is operating well and is expected to increase at a robust rate, assuming that the company ' s smart health business maintains a 50 per cent Maori rate for nearly three years.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.