Fukuo Chu-hoon.
In recent days, the Foyo Group and the Kyoto Eastern Group have held a strategic signing ceremony in Fujian Fouching, where both sides will work together strategically in areas such as car smart lighting glass and window display, taking into account their industrial resources and technological advantages.
Our analysis and judgment
The company is a network of smart port products and professional services for information interaction and human health, the core of which is currently displays. In 2019, semiconductors showed that the industry was at the bottom of the industry ' s history at the bottom of the valley.
In an overall environment of shrinking industrial markets, companies achieved revenues of about $161 billion, an increase of 19 per cent, net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of about $1.9 billion, and increased market share and competitive position.
About $25.9 billion, a slight decrease, and about $600 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, have significantly improved the profitability ring. Companies now hold the highest position in the LCD market, with a market share of over 10% in the amoled area and the second highest in the world.
The new crown epidemic, while hitting demand in the industry, has also had an impact on the supply of the industrial chain, with some of the output falling out faster and the sector’s competitive patterns expected to improve earlier. With the epidemic under control, the onset of the season will bring about a gradual recovery of demand, which is expected to occur in the third and fourth quarters.
The price of the flat will hit the bottom, and it is hoped that there will be a sustained rebound in the future. We believe that the company will continue to expand its market share in the panel areas that will face a reversal in the future, and that it is expected to increase its Māori rate over time. (ii) Increase research and development, and continue to expand its client and business boundaries.
In recent years, the company has continued to make a breakthrough in the growth of its display clientele, entering into the world's technology giant supply system, and is expected to increase its supply. This collaboration with Fukuyo has further expanded the business boundaries of the company's panels, and the future expansion in automobiles is worthwhile.
In addition, companies already have layouts in the field of sensors, material networking, artificial intelligence, etc., and may form new growth points in the future. Sixty-two times. The company is a panel leader, and will benefit from the depth of the industry and is expected to expand.
For the first time, a “recommended” rating has been given. The epidemic has led to a significant decline in demand; the exit of overseas capacity is not as fast as expected.