Rocks, hard core technology, a global clean-up leader in "Technology Simplified Life." Rock technology is a smart clean-up enterprise in the global layout, with products covering, inter alia, ground-cleaning robots, land washing machines, vacuum cleaners, etc., 2021.
Land-cleaning robots account for 96% of the global market share. Corporate revenues s0980501100004, which solves the need for clean-up, are 80 billion market sizes around the world. The cost of cleaning is rising.
The demand for efficient clean-up is becoming more evident in the context of consumer demand. By means of continuous technology and technology, the razing robots continue to function optimally, gradually meeting demand pains in terms of automation clean-up. With both supply and demand boosting, the clearing machine is expected to grow robustly, and it is also expected to open up long-term growth space.
The penetration rate in our urban households is constantly rising. In 2030, our market will be able to break out of 37.5 billion, counting the penetration rate in different income households, and we are expected to have 22.5% of the penetration rate in our land-cleaning robotics, which is expected to be close to 70 billion yuan in the long-term model.
The penetration rate in vacuum cleaners is expected to exceed $50 billion in 2030 in the major overseas land sweeper consumption area, with a combined global market of $90 billion expected to break through. As a technology-intensive, fast-renewed consumer product, the product is the core competitive element of the land sweeper, a professional land sweeper brand.
The company’s founding members are top-level network researchers, and technology research and development has been embedded in the company’s genes since its inception.
At the same time, the company sharpens each product so that it has the basic performance that it was leading at the time, it ensures that the original model is priced differently after the introduction of the new product, and that the different years of the flagship form the company’s acetylated product matrix, allowing each to be purchased.
In addition, the company has shifted the technological advantages of the land sweeper to stone technology (688169.sh)-2021 Quarterly Review: Moving to new products such as land washing machines and commercial clean robots is expected to open up a second-growth space.
The company has gradually established a global distribution network based on excellent product performances and reputations, and has increased marketing and promotion through marketing as the company builds up its product reputations, as well as through international and domestic initiatives such as Stone Technology (688169.sh) — four-quarterly high income innovation, cost-delayed inputs, and continuous expansion of marketing channels.
Three-quarterly Review of Stone Technology - 688169 - 2021: Advanced Marketing and Development, Intra-marketing, Enhanced brand image and branding at home and abroad through diversified marketing. Biannual Review of Stone Technology - 688169 - 2021: Short-term Disturbing Intensities, New Stock
The user community continues to break down through advocacy + live + implanted + ground-based advertising + monitoring and other stereos. Rocks and Technology Annual Report 688169-2020 and First Quarterly Review 2021: Autonomous Goods Profit Forecasting and Valuation: Industry Growing High, Corporate Technology High and Channel Marketing Sustained,
1 - Stone technology: “Technology and Life Simplified” Global Clean Development Process 1.1: A global enterprise focused on smart clean appliances, a global smart clean-up lead company.
Since its creation in 2014, it has relied on excellent product technology and continuous brand-building inputs, and has successfully transformed the company from an odm to its own brand-selling product, mainly to domestic, Euro-American and South-East Asia.
In 2014, rock technology was created as a rice eco-chain business, and in September 2016, the company developed the first product, “Micro-Scaves” and sold it through the rice custom model. As the scale expands, the company relies on its own strong research and development capabilities.
The accumulation of product power, created in 2017 by branded stones and tiles, was sold online on platforms, mainly through Skycats, Kyundong and Mio, while expanding overseas markets through Amazon and underline distributors, focusing on the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia markets.
Stone technology comes from branding, gradually completing the transition from odm to obm. In 2021, the company owned brand business accounted for 98.8% of the revenue. 1.2 Employee holding incentives are in place and management team technology development experience is extensive.
The overall equity structure is more stable, and there is a stronger incentive for employee ownership. The firm is owned by its founder, Mr. Chang-hyung, who holds 23.20% of the company ' s shares, and the share ratio has remained stable for many years. Of the ten shareholders, nearly 16% of the companies with shares, such as Tianjin Kimmy and Hyo, the rice line, and King Ming, etc., are holding shares.
The alliance of capital institutions has been effective in facilitating rapid corporate growth by providing strong leverage to companies on the interface of supply chains, channels, and customer resources. In terms of employee ownership, the share of company employees in the Tianjin stone age was 5.0%, and the shareholders were public.
The restricted equity incentive scheme and the first phase of the “business partnership” scheme in 2022, with a total of 203 and 479 persons respectively, accounted for 0.86 per cent and 0.37 per cent of the total equity stock at that time; the equity scheme covered 39 senior directors and core technical and managerial staff of the company.
The management team has extensive experience in hardware and software technology, giving the company a powerful technological background. The realist is born in a number of Internet companies, such as 100, Microsoft, Tetsu, etc., and has been engaged in software development for many years.
Software programming and product-intelligent property development experience. The user’s software algorithms, combined with pro-friendly product involvement, have accelerated the company’s process of product innovation and optimization in recent years. In addition to the founders, Mao’s original team (coo, shares of 3.10%), Wu Chiu (former cto, shares of 1.79%)
All come from Microsoft, with a wealth of experience in software development and technological breakthroughs. Moreover, core technologists in companies, with experience in software and hardware production in Chinese-class leading enterprises, generally hold jobs for more than six years, and are stable and provide a strong incentive for the company to flourish.
Joined the company in March 2018, the current director of the Department of Equipment Development, as the company’s core technician, and was employed as a structural engineer in Fuscon’s sophisticated components (Beijing) from July 2004 to June 2008, and as a senior structural engineer and senior supplier quality management engineer in Sony Mobile Communications (Beijing) from June 2008 to September 2019. Joined the company in October 2019, and is currently engaged in the field sweeping of robots.
Senior manager of the structure group of the Ministry of Industry, as the company ' s core technical staff. 1.3 Performance: Autonomous brand-driven development, rapid increase in profitability, revenue contribution of more than 90 per cent, 96 per cent of the company ' s gross robotic revenues in 2021, hand-held cleaning products (cleaning).
A successful brand transformation. Compared to the pre-2018 collection of rice-based products, which mainly worked with millet, the ratio of company-owned brand revenues rose rapidly between 2018 and 2021, from around the world, and profitability improved rapidly in the context of product structure and sales pattern optimization.
Figure 6: Rapid growth in corporate profitability Sub-markets show a rapid rise in overseas markets and, for the first time in 2021, they went beyond the domestic region to become the main distribution channel. Companies have set up initial global distribution networks: 1) domestic markets, with distribution channels covering the main players.
In terms of online sales platforms; underline sales, the first under-the-line shop opened in Chengdu in April 2022. (2) Out-of-sea markets, where companies sell their products overseas mainly through domestic distributors and cross-border electric power platforms such as Amazon, are now operating local offices in the United States, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, Germany, the Republic of Korea, etc.
Local power platforms and regional distributors work closely together to expand overseas autonomous brand sales channels. In 2021, the Department’s overseas revenues from direct sales to offshore customers increased by $80.05 million to $3.363 billion, from 41.24 per cent to 57.63 per cent, becoming the company’s largest sales channel.
Under-country dealers like Light sell their corporate products overseas, adding up some 70 per cent of their income in 2021.2 Land sweeps: technological advances drive demand, global seepage
2.1 Cleaning is a need for high frequency, and the original cleaning is a pain point. Cleaning is a need for high frequency rigidity.
Of the 1611 samples selected, 76.7 per cent were interviewed with a weekly ground sweep frequency of more than one, with 22.1 per cent per day. It is worth noting that 73.9 per cent of consumers in the 25-30 age group, or the so-called lazy young group in mainstream social perception, were surveyed.
The demand for cleaning is still high. Cleaning needs apply to the whole age group, while young people are lazy but need cleaning.
The cost of manual cleaning is high at a time when the pace of life is high and the income is rising. While cleaning is needed, some urban people now live faster and work longer, making it harder to absorb energy and energy in daily cleaning.
The amount of time, the complexity of cleanliness, also discourages many consumers. Moreover, with rising incomes, the cost of cleaning time increases, while the cost of cleaning services, such as domestic work, rises beyond the reach of most consumers, and domestic work involves privacy issues that cause some consumer concern.
In 2022, the average wage for household cleaning was $5970, with a recovery of 10% in 2014-2022. Whereas old cleaning tools such as mops, brooms, etc. were not readily available for cleaning, their usefulness was no longer able to cover the growing cost of cleaning for consumers, and easy and automated cleaning products became the majority of consumption.
2.2 Land sweep robots are auto-cleaning, and technological innovations highlight the growing maturity of ground sweeper technology and the need for it -- cracking down. The ground sweep robot was first born in 1996 and was developed by Ileks, but at that time the product was slow to calculate and react, less clean and less efficient, and in shape.
In 2001-2009, disson, irobot, Coves, etc., were introduced, but were less experienced and accepted because of the failure of ground-scan technology to break through. Neato launched the first global sweep with a laser navigational global planning function in 2010.
Robots, for the first time, apply laser radar and slam (synchronous positioning and mapping) technology to the floor sweeper. In the same year, three stars launched the first visual navigation technology (vslam, visual instant positioning and map-building technology) sweeper. Two of them laid the two main foundations of the current laser and visual navigation of the ground sweeper, making the floor sweeper " workable" for intelligence.
With technological innovations, sweep robots are moving towards better use, and the price of a cleaner sex ratio is increasing. After 2010, as technology progresses, the technology of sweepers in route planning, cleaning, re-entry, interaction, etc., matures, consumer demand is gradually being met, and ground sweepers become more practical:
In terms of clean-up capacity, Coves has introduced an ever-expanding blue whale clean-up system, a rock-rolled sound wave, and earth-squeezing ground, among other things, with a clean-up capacity no less than traditional household dust-cleaning appliances. With self-cleaning, dust-gathering, ground-scattering robots can repeat and drag many times, and clean-up can be significantly enhanced.
On navigation, visual navigation and laser navigation technology are growing, and, with slam algorithms in place, the path charting is not too problematic and is constantly escalating. On continuation, battery technology is breaking, and lithium cell energy density is increasing, but only at a price.
Ten years ago, 13.3% led to an increase in the duration of the land sweeper. Currently, the main type of battery is more than 5200mah lithium batteries, which last for more than two hours and are sufficient to cover housing needs of 100 m. After a break-down, automatic recharge, self-cleaning, automatic discharge, etc.
There is no problem with the clearing area of the landplanes. On the human interaction side, most of the sweep robots currently support app controls, with area cleaning, virtual walls, time reservations, and an online upgrade of the ota that meets day-to-day needs.
In summary, it can be seen that the sweeper has become functional in its main function, compared to the longer manual cleaning that takes place twice a week, at an opportunity cost of $50, and that the opportunity cost of cleaning will be close to $5,000 a year, which exceeds the price of most of the mainstream sweepers on the market.
With technological change, the demand satisfaction of sweep robots is more than 60%, and the more users are rated as the year of purchase. Consumer experience with sweep robots is increasing, and the acceptance and repurchase rates of sweepers are increasing. According to the survey of the Chinese electricity grid, people who have used sweep robots are using them.
Of that total, 62.8% of consumers thought that they needed a sweep robot, 36.2% thought they could have a sweep, and the next 1% did not. Trends suggest that the proportion of consumers buying a sweeper in 2015 and before was 39.7% and the rate of abandonment was 63.5%; and the percentage of consumers buying a sweeper in 2016-2019 was 63.5%.
The share of households considered to be very good was 59.1 per cent and the rate of abandonment was 37 per cent; 71.6 per cent of users purchased in 2020 were considered to be non-existent and 23.9 per cent were discarded, so it became clear that, as the technology developed, consumer acceptance of ground sweep robots was increasing, and supply would directly determine consumer acceptance of goods.
Land sweep technology still hurts, and future technological breakthroughs will continue, driving the penetration rate ceiling. While the main function of the floor sweeper has been able to meet basic cleaning needs, the application landscape remains limited, and there are still a lot of places where manual operations are needed.
The main vacuum cleaners are now more than 10 kpa, while the vacuum cleaners have a maximum of about 5 kpa. Dragping the floor, the ground sweepers themselves are less heavy, it is difficult to exert greater pressure, there are limitations to dragging the ground, the face of persistent stains, etc. may still need manual clean-up. In addition, mop replacement, water tank plus, sewage disposal, etc.
Manual operations are still necessary to achieve full automation. Surveys of home grids also show that satisfaction with the drag capacity is still one of the lowest of the main functions. In navigation, visual navigation and laser navigation are superior, visual navigation costs are lower, but less accurate, difficult to locate in the dark light environment, while laser navigation is more sophisticated.
More expensive, high-refraction-rate objects such as vases cannot be detected, electrical wires and slippers are difficult to identify. Future low-cost laser navigation + visual navigation technology will be an important element in the next step to improve user experience. 2.3 Supply pulls high penetration rates, with a global scale of 80 billion
As a result of the technological breakthrough, the size of the clean-up robot has grown rapidly, but the penetration rate is still low. According to the Ovi cloud network, in 2021 we sold $12 billion, an increase of 28 per cent in the same year, and in 2016-2021, sales increased by 26 per cent at a combined rate; sales averaged $2048, an increase of 42 per cent; and sales of 5.85 million.
In 2021, only 7.8% of the country’s total land-cleaning machine penetration was still at a low penetration level. In the advanced world’s clean appliance development history, the increase in cleaning appliance retention was inevitable.
And while the household pattern is somewhat different from other countries like Europe and America, the ground environment is dominated by floors and tiles, as human costs rise, there is a similar trend in the replacement of cleaners for humans, and many cleaners are home-made, much more so.
At present, cleaning appliances, such as vacuum cleaners, have increased steadily in our country, reaching 34% annual penetration of cleaning appliances, such as vacuum cleaners and floor sweepers, 10 pct higher than in 2011, and with technological breakthroughs, the penetration rate is expected to accelerate, with our land sweeper regulations projected to be in place by 2030.
The model is expected to be close to $40 billion. In the four-year renewal cycle, the country currently has 2,481 million land sweepers, with an penetration rate of 7.75% for urban households. Given the continuous breakthroughs in land sweep technology and its day-to-day improvement, acceptance will gradually increase, penetration is expected to accelerate, especially at around 10%.
And the price factor will fade away as consumption capacity rises in 2022, as major brands push higher prices for self-cleaning robots, and higher prices or blockage rises. Assuming that the sweeper robots have been a replacement cycle for four years, the number of urban households will remain at 320 million at annual prices.
By 2%, we are expected to reach 15.3% in 2030, corresponding to a market size of 37.5 billion yuan. In the future, we are expected to reach 22.5%, close to 70 billion yuan, by income group.
Income, assuming that the penetration rate is directly related to income levels, with the highest-income group having 60 per cent penetration, while the rest of the groups calculate the corresponding penetration rate by income ratio, the penetration rate for urban households is expected to reach 29.4 per cent, while rural households are expected to reach 11.0 per cent. Assuming that the number of urban households is 320 million and that of rural households 130 million.
At a national penetration rate of 24.1%, based on a four-year renewal cycle and an average cost of $2,500 per station, the industry regulations are also in the early stages of development of the offshore sweeper robots, which are still growing. While the penetration of vacuum cleaners in developed overseas countries is at a high level, it is still less than 10 years before they are marketed as a mature product.
Still in the early stages of development. Using Euromonitor data, the penetration rate of ground sweep robots in 2021 was 9.3% in Western and Northern Europe, 10.3% in North America, 17.6% in Asia and the Pacific, and 25.7% in China as automated upgrades of vacuum cleaners, with significant expansion abroad.
Space. Our home-scrubbing robots, stone technology, Coves, etc., are the top-ranked market share in overseas markets with excellent products. Global ground-scrugging robots reach $5.3 billion a year, an 18% increase, and China is the world’s largest land-scruising machine.
In 2021, according to an annual report by irobot, the total size of the irobot market was $2.79 billion (only products with a sales price of $200 or more), of which North America accounted for 35.3%, and emea (Europe, the Middle East and Africa) 49.8%.
Developed countries abroad have significantly higher acceptance of cleaning products such as vacuum cleaners, which are expected to increase rapidly. We have selected the main consumer areas of overseas ground sweepers and vacuum cleaners, the United States, Western Europe, Japan, and Korea, for measurements, combined with Euromonitor data, to account for the sales of vacuum cleaners in the three regions in 2021.
The penetration rates are 10.3 per cent, 9.3 per cent, and 11.4 per cent as the basis. Since the vacuum filter penetration rate in the above-mentioned areas is more than 90 per cent, it is assumed that their vacuum sales will remain at the 2021 level and that the average market price for sweepers will remain unchanged, while the sales penetration rate for sweep robots will increase by 2 pct per year (mostly considering the acceptance of dust-based products by developed countries).
By 2030, the U.S., Western Europe, Japan and South Korea are expected to reach $350, 37.5 and $1.02 billion, for a total of $8.26 billion against the US dollar.
2.4 Competition patterns and outlooks: there is a strong emphasis on product base, promotion of multipliers The industry has a large number of players, and professional land sweeper brands have a leading market share due to better product performance. The robotics industry, because of its higher pace of growth and space, is constantly gaining new brands to join the race.
Web data show that the number of front-line land sweeper robotic brands in 2021 has increased by 31 to approximately 186 on a year-on-year basis. At present, the industry has four main categories of participants: 1) professional ground sweeper robotic brands: Cowos, stone technology, cloud whales, etc.; 2) professional vacuum cleaner brands: Dyson, puppies, shark, etc.; 3) integrated
Domestic electricity companies: beautiful, Hale, etc.; 4) other integrated enterprises: millet, Samsung, etc.
The product performance will thus be more excellent, supported by the gradual branding of marketing, market share, and leading. From an industry’s point of view, cleaner robotics are fast-growing, technologically strong, responsive, and product-renewed professional brands are more compatible with industry’s development.
In terms of domestic market share, Coves, as the first country to launch a sweeper robot, has taken an absolute leading position at the domestic level: stone, cloud whale as the second ladder, with the city rising faster: the rest.
In 2021, according to Oviunnet, 77.14% of the machine was cleared up, an increase of 0.29 pct per year. In a higher concentration industry, the market share of the head business was higher.
Rock technology, cloud whales and millet, the same increase in the number of stones listed on the 2021 line, from 2.96 pct to 13.92%, to 14.73%, with a continuous increase in the number of cities; and rice, with head competition and the addition of new brands, where the number of cities in the cycle of clean-and-scaved robot replacements fell.
More than 5%. (Note: With more than 95% sales on the floor-scan robot line, only the discussion-line market is still high in global market patterns, with a rising global market position for domestic brands.) At the same time as the domestic market has gained a preponderance, head brands like Corvettes, Rocks, etc. have passed.
Global distribution networks like the Amazon, such as cross-border electric power platforms, distributors, etc. have made great strides to global markets in North America, Europe, and so on. According to data from irobot and third-party agencies, irobot accounted for 46%/-6pct of the market share of global land sweepers in 2020, raising the share of domestic leaders in Cavos and stone technology.
The rise was significant, reaching 17%/+3pct and 9%/+1pct, respectively, in the second and third places. Between 2016 and 2020, the global market share of stones rose fastest, from none to the third highest in the world, followed by Coworth, which increased the global market share by 7pct. With a well-developed domestic supply chain and an efficient R & D system, the domestic leader was the national leader.
Businesses are expected to gradually expand their market share abroad, based on product quality and price advantages, to achieve globalization. Figure 25: The global market share of domestic land sweepers has risen rapidly. Figure 26: Rock performance in North America in the Amazon in 2021
In terms of competitive elements, we believe that product power is the first element, and publicity can be a powerful aid to magnify product advantage. As a practical “loose” product, cleaning is the first demand, so the first factor influencing consumer purchasing decisions should be clean capacity and experience.
The above sales occur online, with consumers having difficulty identifying the differences in their experiences of use, so that the product ' s properties and parameters are the primary reference for consumer purchasing decisions. Land sweepers have a clearer performance hierarchy, and standards for judging and comparing their main performances are more intuitive, such as scavenging better than scavenging, laser navigation better than following them.
The ability to have some bright spots, for example, is key to industry competition. For example, cloud whales, which, with an automatic moping function, take up more than 10 per cent of the market for a product in just one year, can see that consumers are very favoured in a truly pain-solving function.
Advocacy as the main channel for consumers to understand their products is also an important part of competition that cannot be ignored. Because of the bias of sales across the land, favouring younger groups, highlighting the characteristics and bright spots of products in the campaign, quick capture of the pains and concerns of consumers is the determining factor in convincing consumers to buy.
In order to communicate effectively, users can view the products in a way that allows users to view them in a visual way, putting in place the advantages and disadvantages of large products in their daily use. Moreover, sweeping robots are meant to be experience-oriented, and underline exposure is essential. In terms of the amplification effect of publicity, product power is the basis of advocacy and remains the most important.
In the light of the above analysis of the elements of competition, we believe that professional sweeper robots have a stronger competitive advantage in the industry, mainly because: 1) professional sweeper robots have a better grasp of consumer pain, are more powerful enough to mobilize company-wide resources into sweeper robots, are more flexible and capture their strengths.
2) focus on research and development in the field of land sweeps, with greater dynamism in product design, functional innovation and a certain pre-eminence of head brands, excellence in product performance and gradual building of their own brand power through good product-by-product development; 3) in advocacy, small size companies are more likely to use targeted publicity methods
The intellectual understanding of the category of classified products, the clarity of brand positioning, the effectiveness of publicity, and the willingness of professional floor sweepers to continue to invest in the machine because of the concentration of their business.
Stone technology has emerged from its inception in 2014 to be only seven years old, making it the third largest sweep in the world: robotics, based on the firm ' s strong research and development and product power.
Companies are building up global distribution networks, taking the lead in domestic markets, focusing on Europe, Japan, South-East Asia, and the United States, and increasing marketing, both domestically and abroad, and building on the branding influence of products to transform good products into brand power. With product power, marketing, companies are expanding their channels and brands.
3.1 Products: Strong R & D enabling products, single flag ship direct shock points, strong R & D integration into corporate genetics, core technology-led industries. Since the start of the business, stone technology has been a company known for its technical development. The main founders, Chang-hyun, Mao Guohua, Wu Chien and others, have graduated from famous university computers,
Automation, for example, has many years of research and development by leading Internet companies like Microsoft (see table 1 for details), and two months after its creation, the company has developed slam (synchronous positioning and map-building) prototypes, thereby taking down the investment and substitute orders for millet. Stone technology can be said to have originated from the "technology" stone.
All core technologies have been developed autonomously and have been led by industry in the core technologies of sweep-and-ground robotics, such as laser radar scanning range, slam algorithms, artificial intelligence technology, and motion control modules. By the end of 2021, the Department had cumulatively applied for 332 patents for inventions, 55 have been obtained and 42 have copyrights for software.
Autonomously developed industry-led laser range module: it scans up to 5 x 360°/s, while at the same time it is accurate enough to be a leader in the same industry, to measure room distance information efficiently and accurately, and to provide a strong support for indoor positioning and navigation. This is achieved through the use of autonomous laser radars covering a 12-metre diameter precision range and measuring error of up to 2%, providing high confidence range data for positioning and navigation algorithms; and a new generation of tof (timeof) developed autonomously by companies.
On laser radar, the diameter is extended to 18 metres, measuring accuracy at 2cm. Second, the innovation and the contemplation of structural design improves the reliability and stability of laser radars, effectively prolongs the life of the modules and reduces the cost of subsequent maintenance by users. Based on sensor data such as the laser range module, gyroscopes, acceleration meters, mileometers, etc. of smart sweep robots, companies independently develop slam algorithms that can effectively solve intelligence.
The slam algorithms, the mapping, positioning, and navigational needs of the scavenging robots in the user ' s home environment. Through the original co-ordinated slam technology of cpu and gpu, the company ' s slam algorithms can also produce position and map information in real time on low-performance embedded processors, significantly reducing the demand for processors ' performance and balancing performance with cost.
Based on the sensor data of smart sweep robots and location and map information from slam algorithms, the company has autonomously developed a path-clearing plan based on artificial intelligence (ai) Arithmetic: 1) machine-learning techniques to train and optimize parameters of path planning algorithms, to identify barriers that need to be avoided in clearing areas, to enable robots to be more intelligent and efficient in cleaning rooms based on artificial intelligence techniques, and to increase the effective area cover ratio; 2) a neural network model using in-depth learning algorithms to train robots on a continuous basis with a large amount of real data
Navigation algorithms and handling of problems; 3) precision range and positioning of identified barriers using bi-directional stereosight principles, combined with the ai technology, a smart planning strategy to avoid barriers based on the identified object, increasing the intelligence of machine self-assembly and clean-up in the context of improved clean-up efficiency and coverage.
In order to follow the course planned by the navigation algorithm, a sweep robot needs to integrate data from a range of sensors, with precise control of the speed of the motor and its own forward and backwardness, with proper acceleration, deceleration and rotation, and with control of the tow module and the speed and direction of the main brush, side brush and flow multisensor integration, depending on the material condition of the ground.
Cleaning operations and improving clean-up. The company invests in more extensive research and development in this area to ensure that robots can operate more precisely. For example, for the edges that are common in family scenes, control modules, clean-up operations, the company spends a lot of time optimizing and perfecting, and re-adapting, so that robots can clean as close to the edges as possible to avoid collisions.
The multi-iot platform has access to a wide range of iot platforms to enable users to manipulate ground sweep robots at all times and at all times. The autonomous rriot platform not only provides access services for home sweep robots, equipment management services, data transmission and big data analysis services, but also serves other hardware products of the company.
Technology leads the way in creating superior product performances that address the pains of the user’s core needs. The core problem that smart sweeps robots have to solve is that they are path-brain planning and shielding, essentially algorithms that support the intelligence of sweeps robots. And through these leading core technologies, corporate sweeps robot products are in navigation and path planning.
Sports control modules, artificial intelligence navigation barriers, etc., are all excellent performances, thus providing a better solution to the unintelligent pains of a vacuum robot and laying a solid foundation for the application of other functions of a sweeper.
The slam algorithm can still function well when the laser range sensor data anomaly (e.g. due to an object shielding laser distance sensor such as curtains, sheets) causes an error in positioning; 2) the slam algorithm is more real-time and accurate and can operate in real time on low-capacity, low-caliber embedded processors, reducing the cost of processors and overall technical options; 3) construction of a classified neural network based on in-depth learning techniques to improve self-adaptation and positioning in the event of changes in the status and working environment of the sweep robot.
The slam algorithms & innovation and 4) repositioning and moving repositioning: slam algorithms can help robots to quickly locate robotic positions in multiple maps of different floors, select the right maps, and clean up. The scavengers with cameras can use visually assisted mobile repositioning algorithms, significantly increasing the efficiency and accuracy of positioning for mobile repositioning.
5) Smart partition technology and applications: slam maps made using smart sweep robot laser radar scans, combined with in-depth learning functions, autonomous development of map smart partitions, which can separate different rooms by household type and perform cleaning tasks according to user choice, helping users to improve cleanliness through area-scanning and custom-made clean-up programmes. Smart reloading path planning: using the theory of fast-search random tree algorithms, effectively improves the efficiency and coverage of scavenger searches.
2) Two-dimensional full-cover path planning: Space sweep robots automatically plan user-friendly home environments, spatial size, space-segregated one-time trajectories and execute partition/full-cover sweeps based on the planned few overlapping, high-cover paths. 3) Smart escape path planning that integrates sensors: construct probability-based barrier distribution maps, maximize access to narrow and dense barrier areas, and upgrade
Navigation and path planning The rate of pass and clearance coverage of intelligent ground sweep robots. 4) Rapid map path planning: using real-time updates of barriers to integrate maps with advanced knowledge models of indoor layouts so that machines can efficiently complete the construction of maps.
5) Border route planning: relying on right-directed precision sensors, such as lds, infrared wall sensors, to ensure perimeter clean-up coverage while avoiding more repeated action when machine impact walls and homes fall into local adjustments. 1) Alteration based on wall distance: differences in distance between wall sensors on different surfaces, differences in reflective light power, and greater consistency in the ability to clear walls and the cleaning effect;
2) Secondary planning algorithms of round corner coverage: Effectively improves the efficiency and effectiveness of round corners. 3)ai structure light: autonomously developed ai structure light module, integrated ai and traditional image algorithms, able to avoid 2.5cm high*3cm wide and above barriers and, depending on the user ' s choice, motion control module
Reduction of positive collisions with household fixed barriers (e.g., tables, chairs, couches, etc.). 4) Carpet recognition techniques: multidimensional combinations, design of carpet recognition programs and algorithms that integrate data such as lds, acceleration meters and gyroscopes, cameras, wheel groups, etc. 5) Inertural attitude measurement: the system is an important component of the home smart-scanding robotic perception and positioning system, providing basic data for functional modules such as robot release.
1) A bi-visual barrier: A smart-scanding robot with a two-sighted camera, using two-eyed stereo vision and ai object identification technology to achieve a smart precision barrier, with a 90% improvement in the success rate of a barrier in the same complex environment. Meanwhile, the barrier scenes are shown in the app map to enhance their use, increase real-time video functionality to meet the needs of elderly children, artificial intelligence modules
2) The camera uses the rgb+ir two-way filter program, which can receive both visible and infrared light. And, depending on environmental changes, robots can intelligently regulate the re-lighting program, which identifies more than 10 types of barriers throughout the day. It can assist laser sensors, judge the pan-Earth objects with 3cm*5cm width on the ground, and apply dynamic shielding and clean-up strategies. Multi-scenes recognition systems: in conjunction with the visual systems of other large systems in sweep-field robots, robots can perform their assigned tasks more comprehensively, flexibly and proactively.
1) Electric water tank & lift-and-drop seismic module: An electric water tank, which can be used to distribute water to different rooms with more efficient and intelligent surface cleanness through software; lift-and-drop ground seismic module, with 4 times the cleanness of a normal tow module, automatically lifts and drops to the tow panel depending on the user's design for carpet cleaning or extrication. Personalized intelligence cleaning
2) Smart dust collection: Accurate dust collection condensation seats with a maximum machine filtration efficiency of 99.99 per cent, which reduces the user ' s daily cleaning and vacuuming of boxes and extends the use of filters. 3) Smart scrubbing: Autowashing of mopeds recharges, which achieves automatic water recharge, mopping from the cleaning and base cleaning functions. 4) Smart self-cleaning: smart dust collection and smart scrubbing are integrated, combining automatic moping, automatic dust collection, automatic water recharge and base-cleaning from the four main functions.
The product is finely polished, the series is simple, the money is a flagship, and the new product has high quality performance, creating a good user experience. In addition to navigational algorithms leading by core technology, most of the ground-scanning robotic novels, functions and performance parameters were introduced at the time, leading in clean-up, continuation, human interaction, etc.
Consumer pains, such as navigation, rise to the forefront of the industry, shaping strong product power. With clean capacity, the company’s first product, launched in 2017, had a capacity of 2,000 pa, while the vacuum machine was generally less than 1,000 pa, and the company created a tide of ground sweeper power.
Companies, with the exception of public money t4, have a clean-up machine that provides a good consumer experience. Companies are also investing in ongoing research and development in such areas as clean-up, edge clean-up, hair clean-up, and technology is leading the industry.
With regard to the continuation of the voyage, all models have been equipped with lithium batteries, refilling sensor technology and power-scanning functions, which are well above the high end of the time, since the first generation of products was released in 2017, and have gradually become branded as high-end machines in the ground sweeper industry.
In terms of human interaction and navigation, the company’s first generation of products supports area cleaning and other appliance operations, and all types of products are equipped with lds laser range navigation, leading the industry on the intellectualization of sweepers. It can be said that the company carried on all of its ground sweepers the basic functions that were then relatively leading, and it achieved everything.
Flagships. For now, the prototype organic model is still more advanced in the functions of sorbency, battery capacity, app operation, etc., to ensure a longer life cycle. This also suggests that the new money that companies introduce every year can achieve a technological lead of at least three years for small and medium brands.
So, in the absence of major technological changes in the land sweeper, and although companies are launching only 1-2 new upgrades each year, the introduction of the new product has resulted in high value for money from a prototype organic price reduction, which in turn has resulted in a product matrix between different price zones that efficiently covers a wider consumer population and expands the advantages of the scale of production. This approach has also led to public consumption.
The Division does not need to specialize in low- and medium-end series, which streamlines the product series, making it easier for consumers to select their own models according to their own consumption levels. The series of products currently sold in stone countries is mainly t series plus clean g10 series, covering the price band between 2000 and 6000 dollars; the series overseas is sold in s series plus e4.
There are less than 10 skus in both products and domestic counterparts. Simplified models, with each product’s foundational performance ahead, are certainly more conducive to branding and positioning, and make it easier for companies to build up, produce efficiently, and Māori to lead the industry.
Underlying the power of R & D to create strong products is the firm’s continued strong investment in R & D and its emphasis on R & D personnel, with a strong incentive to raise the salaries of R & D personnel. The ratio of R & D staff has consistently exceeded 50% since its inception, with an increase of 67.68% from the same date, accounting for 7.55% of revenue, with the highest wage costs for employees, the ratio being reached.
Ten thousand yuan (based on the salary/average number of new employees payable in 2021). Companies establish effective mechanisms for the development and promotion of R & D personnel, with specific annual appraisal indicators, taking into account the results of R & D personnel in multiple dimensions such as intellectual property, technology, algorithms, R & D management, and giving quarterly and quarterly assessments based on the results of their work.
In the case of corporate employee equity incentives, technical staff are also the top priority of incentives. The firm’s commitment to research and development and its research and development staff demonstrates its determination to achieve technological leadership and secure the company’s future, in addition to the importance it attaches to research and development and the strong motivation of its personnel, the R & D system and the product development process are deposited by the enterprise.
More valuable assets will guarantee the long-term effectiveness and efficiency of R & D. The company has research and development institutions such as the ai Institute, the Institute of Mechanical and Electrical Research, the Institute of Photovoltaic Technology and more than a dozen laboratories, and is based on the international popular ipd integrated product development process for the development of the pdprocess (productdevelopment process) in the context of the company.
In the R & D system, companies have put in place well-developed technological innovation mechanisms, including municipal innovation-oriented mechanisms, mix of short- and long-term goals, talent development and incentives, intellectual property protection mechanisms, and collaborative R & D mechanisms to ensure companies ' continued leadership in technology.
With large-scale R & D inputs, high user feedback optimization, and good R & D mechanisms, the company’s technological leadership is expected to continue to expand, building on the core moats of technology. The company’s main core of robotics has been largely built, and the rest is based on original technology.
The foundation of the geo-robot performance enhancement -- the algorithms already have a leading edge, and as the number of users increases, companies will have a large amount of product data, knowledge of user needs and updates of algorithms will continue to grow, and product performance will remain ahead.
Brands have accumulated deeper in R & D manufacturing, which is relatively easy to learn from and beyond, and core algorithms require a lot of input and time. By the end of 2021, companies were still undertaking more research projects, and they were expected to continue to upgrade technology such as automatic waste recycling, water tank power control, etc., to deal with consumers over time.
The pain spots will continue to expand the technology mooring of the river for companies.
Workstreams, balanced and optimized efficiency, effective handling of different systems for the analysis of evaluation indicators, and should be used for user experience optimization, product issues
At the end, the isomeric data are integrated into the data-processing process. Companies mainly use the outsourced production model, are strictly regulated in product quality control, and work with suppliers is more stable.
While corporate surrogates are more reliant on Hinwanda, core components such as the layout of the company’s lead line, the process and the design of the production programme are regularly evaluated using test measures, the surrogates provide only lower-threshold services, such as assembly, and the firm has a stronger bargaining power.
In addition, in June 2022, the company announced that it would use over-funds of $460 million, build up its own manufacturing capacity, deliver high-products, increase flexibility in the design and development of new products, and build high corporate barriers to competition.
In August 2021, the company launched a landwasher u10, officially marching into another hot-door dishwasher. The company introduced a landwasher that innovatively used a double-brush head design.
With a pair of two-row brushes and a relative rotation, with 13,000 pa suction, a strong suction into the trash, and a clean surface, and a good clean-up, with industry leading in terms of battery capacity, area, and so on. In less than a year after the end of the month, rock u10 is sold close to 190 million in Kyoto and Skycat platforms.
It's the second-largest landwasher brand in Kyoto. Following the renewal of the stone scrubber product, the product matrix continues to expand, and the land washer is expected to contribute more revenue.
In addition to household cleaning, commercial clean robots also have vast space, and post-epidemiological demand, rising labour costs, are pushing the industry forward. Currently, commercial establishments in the country are dominated by cleaners, commercial cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, cleaners.
In the future, commercial clean robots will grow in value relative to higher labour pressure and cleaner robotic performances as a result of population ageing, leading to high-speed growth in industry. According to the European think tank, the market for commercial clean robots was $5.8 billion in 2020 and is projected to be in 2025.
In addition, commercial robots built by companies were deployed in October 2021 at the National Swimming Centre “Aquatic Cube” and were deployed in October 2022 in various areas, projects and sites such as Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, Wuhan, Shenzhen, etc.
The Kyoto Winter Orchard Hall provides intelligent cleaning services that effectively raise corporate brand awareness. As companies keep up with business clean robotics, the business sector will grow in size in the future. 3.2 Channels: build global marketing systems, and product booster channels will be upgraded.
The company has a wide range of channels and a high proportion of overseas channels. The company has set up multiple stereo channels covering both domestic and foreign lines, including domestic and foreign online b2c sales, power-marketing platforms, rice models and underline distribution: 1) With regard to overseas channels, the company published the first item in 2017, after its own branded product, purple light, Mu Jin, etc.
Since then, with high quality products, companies have gradually established local affiliates and offshore companies in major overseas markets, and have expanded their overseas areas directly.
The share of overseas markets continues to expand through local distribution channels and off-line marketing. If the share of overseas sales is combined with overseas revenues, companies are expected to own more than 70% of the overseas revenue in 2021.
2) With regard to domestic channels, in addition to the Mio model, the company is based on online sales, and the B2c model, which covers the storage of power platforms in Kyoto, Suning, and the major power-seller platforms and official networks, has the highest share. The company’s first front door shop was opened in April 2022, and it is expected that direct lines will gradually be established.
Amazonian and sub-line sales, including power-marketing platforms in warehouses, domestic and foreign distribution channels, use production models that can be ordered to pull the entire supply chain system, which are more efficient. Because of the longer and higher times of export transport, companies regularly prepare procurement plans based on customer-provided purchase orders and stock availability.
And then we're going to give it to a substitute to ease the company's stock pressure. In addition, the company is on-line in the country, using the distributor's extension line and off-line channels abroad, and selling it on Amazonian power platforms, to sell the product to domestic and foreign consumers at a lower cost.
Companies continue to increase their bargaining power over channels, expanding their share of direct sales through the performance of excellent products. Companies are more dependent on millet in the forward; after the introduction of an autonomous brand, distributors such as Purple Light and Mümokang have taken the initiative to engage with the company.
There has been a gradual build-up of slogans, a growing share of online sales, and a growing capacity of companies to negotiate channels. 2021 of the three major clients has become more fragmented. Moreover, corporate sales in the Amazon have grown significantly, thanks to a leading peer's verbal evaluation, and now account for about 10% of the market share in the United States of America.
As a result, the company began to tap into overseas regional distributors through good performance on the line. In 2021, the company grew by 80.05 per cent in sales on the overseas line and directly linked overseas distribution channels, accounting for a high proportion of revenue, guaranteed by high-profile products, and globalizing the channels.
In the consumer age, the product is the best branded card. Rock technology, based on good product quality and higher value for money, online shopping platforms and several social media platforms have been evaluated for leading products, building up brand image. With the quality endorsement of high-value products, companies will be able to develop a global channel.
In addition, the establishment of local offices in major overseas markets will increase the speed of corporate responsiveness to global markets and brand image-building, and provide consumers and distributors with better pre-sale and post-sale clothing for 3.3 marketing: branding after products, multiple hits to users
Companies focus on the grinding and marketing of their products after they break out. Scrubbing robots have the characteristics of high technology content, comparable key performance parameters, high frequency of use, shorter replacement cycles (2-3 years), product quality is the first competitive factor, and marketing may facilitate the purchase for a while, but the quality of the product will affect the follow-up.
So the company's forward focus is on product research and development, marketing inputs are low, products are fermented mainly in the core group of heart fans, and, after a rich product series, the company is gradually increasing marketing and marketing, the product is breaking down, the user base is expanding, and marketing is half as good as the cost.
Point, the company’s first brand was launched in 2017, at a cost of only $14.5 million, which makes a big difference in marketing from other brands’ immediate launch. Seizing the core of the product, marketing is a company’s strategy for long-term development, and it's a rice model.
Validation of successful approaches. As the core user group continues to break into the periphery, the company’s brand image is shown in figure 40: advertising and extension costs are the fastest growing in the company’s sales costs (millions of dollars).
With increased marketing inputs, companies are gradually introducing a diversified approach, starting with visualizing the performance and use of products through low-cost evaluations and live broadcasts. In 2020, the company introduced a popular blend of art, " Towards Life " , in the fourth quarter of 2020, to demonstrate the ease with which stone-scanning robots can be used on a daily basis.
At the same time, at the same time, the company posted a screen ad on the mainstream social app, with 16 core city landmarks and 10 in the north.
# #Shaw Stones # has been on Twitter, breaking 300 million readings, doubling the 100% search index, and showing significant marketing results. Multi-platform marketing innovations have increased interaction with consumer content. As of June 2022, stone technology has become a small red.
One hundred and fifty-five notes, thirty-four thousand fans and a collection of 218,000, six forty-one, ten thousand, four hundred and forty-nine thousand, of which the spokesperson for the battle with the promotion of the rock g10s individual video was praised at 106,000 points. On the major evaluation sites, stone sweep robots are ranked among the top, for example, in "what is worth buying."
In the community, in the eyes of the machine, the monthly evaluation, the number one was the stone t8plus. Of the top 20 posts, eight were recommended for the rock sweep robot g10s or t8pus.
The Society invites third parties, such as Oviyunnet, Kyouta, and company employees to give a full presentation of the product so that users can better understand the product and further increase its visibility. 4.1 Income is growing rapidly and there is still room for expansion.
Income has expanded rapidly, and the overall income volume is in the middle of the industry. Despite being in the middle of a listed company, income growth in recent years has continued at a high rate of 51.1% of the combined income over the last five years, in the context of the growing abundance of the product mix and the restructuring of the product structure, in the context of a sharp decline in income in the millet model.
Industry leads. Leading product performance, global access, expansion of cleaning products and steady marketing are expected to continue to drive corporate growth, and companies are expected to enjoy automated cleaning appliances globally.
4.2 High profitability, high asset yields. Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates have increased significantly, with costs in the lower net interest-rate leading industries. Corporate Māori rates as a whole have increased steadily, from 2017, as a result of rising gross ratios of own brand business.
The impact of cost-adjusted accounting standards is that the Māori rate has fallen by 3.1 pcc over the same period (an accounting standard that excludes transportation costs) while the cost of R&D has been growing faster and the administrative cost rate has remained at a lower level. Overall, the company ' s current cost rate is still at a lower level relative to its intra-industry competitors.
And with the impact of increased cost inputs, net corporate interest rates remain industry-leading, with net interest rates in 2021 reaching figure 48: cost rates for companies below comparable levels, figure 49: net interest rates for companies have increased rapidly to industry-leading levels
From the Roe perspective, the company’s relatively high roe is mainly highlighting the net interest rate contribution, despite the decline in the debt rate and the increase in asset size after listing in 2020, and the company’s stock turnover days have risen as a result of the rising share of overseas income. On the cash flow side, it is online.
With the increase in the direct sales equivalents, the company ' s working days on receivables have continued to decline, the cash content of both collections and net profits has remained above 100 per cent in recent years, and cash flows have performed better.
(b) Smart sweep robots: The global field sweep robotics industry is on the rise, the industry is growing, and companies, based on strong R & D power and product power, are expected to grow robustly through channels and marketing.
With the ability to upgrade, the price of new products continues to rise and the firm’s direct share of the business line increases, leading to a sustained increase in the average price, which is estimated to be $2330, 2,500 and 2600 per unit per product in 2022-2024, given that the company’s own cleaning masters, g10s, were launched in 2022 and above.
In terms of profitability, with the continued expansion of the self-owned brand business and the increase in the direct-line business share, hand-held cleaning products and others: income from the business was still low, but the rapid growth in the business is expected to be sustained with the upgrade of the land washing machine and the introduction of a sweeper robot, which is expected to be sold in 2022-2024.
On the profit side, the share of mills in pre-possession cleaning products was relatively high, followed by self-owned branding operations and sales costs: based on the above analysis, companies have gradually increased their marketing efforts and subsequent cost levels are expected to increase and stabilize as global self-sales systems are built and brands are promoted.
Management costs: Corporate management costs are maintained at a relatively low level and are expected to be managed as scale expands R & D costs: while the R & D rates of companies have been rising in recent years as the frequency of R & D and dissemination of new products has increased, the R & D rates are expected to increase to their previous levels with the growth in the size of companies and the roll-out of new products.
Given the excellent cash flow performance of the company, a stable size of finance management is expected, investment returns are expected to rise steadily, and the sensitivity analysis of profitability with market shares and three cost ratios (double-factor sensitivity analysis) with a global clean-up of robotic markets and three cost rates will have a greater impact on the company ' s future profitability:
Taking into account the company ' s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the company ' s soundness, based on high industry growth and the company ' s growing leadership in core technology, as well as its channels and marketing, and we expect that the rising business share will lead to a slight upturn in the Māori rate and that the cost rate is expected to be in the marketing and R & D inputs.
On a larger basis, the net profit is expected to increase at a compound rate of nearly 24 per cent over the next three years. The 10-year assumptions for future valuations are presented in the following table:
This absolute valuation is more sensitive than the rate of wacc and constant growth, and the following is a sensitivity analysis. Corporate products cover ground sweep robots and hand-held cleaning products (landwashers, hand-held vacuum cleaners), the main product types for which are currently listed, Coworth, Anke Innovation can be a comparable company, and we use the city.
Given the 24 per cent compound increase in the company ' s projected profits over the next three years, I think that the company ' s valuation premium is mainly derived from: 1) industry penetration will increase steadily over a longer period of time, and in the long run, sweep robots are expected to become a household necessity and a wide range of industry spaces; 2) companies are in a tight position
The core competitiveness of technology R & D, with high product performance, is expected to continue to expand globally, and 3) new product categories such as land washing machines and commercial clean robots are small and have great potential for growth in the future, and expansion of other products is expected to lead to growth in revenue collection.
New clean appliances such as earth robots are growing, companies have significant technological advantages, channels are growing, 1. The company ' s high growth over the next three years is based on a high growth rate in own brand sales and steady price growth, and there is a risk of overvaluation of profit projections in the event of future fluctuations in sales or large declines in average sales prices;
The company's management and sales cost rates are projected on the basis of basic stability, a decline in the R&D cost rates, and the risk of higher-than-profit forecasts if the company's costs are over-expenditureed or debt financing increases, which in turn leads to lower-than-expected profitability projections.
3. The company is still in an expansionary period, during which channels and wide-ranging inputs may lead to higher than anticipated spending and a negative impact on profits, while the impact of spending may further adversely affect the company’s development less than expected. We use absolute valuation and relative valuation methods based on more assumptions.
In particular, the calculation of the company ' s free cash flow over the next few years, the calculation of weighted capital costs (wacc), the assumption of tv increase margins and the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies all add to the judgement of many individuals:
(a) The risk of an overvaluation of the company's valuation due to low estimation or extraction of such parameters;
If a company fails to maintain a strong capacity for innovation and expands overseas less than expected, it loses its existing large overseas distribution customers.
The new products are less advanced than expected, and the cleaner robotics industry is being upgraded more frequently, requiring firms to continue to develop and develop and upgrade their products.
Consumers also prefer new products with better performance.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject