On April 20, 20, 20, 2022, with the rapid rise of powerful products, the company was founded in 2014.
\triangleright’s excellent team of technology companies has given companies the genes for continuous innovation. Since its inception, corporate ownership earned 91% of the revenue, and corporate global markets ranked third, with a 9% share.
In 2021, 14% of the country’s total land-cleaning market and the third largest in the country’s cities were supplied with high-quality roads to generate demand, and the industry’s penetration increased.
Stars in the field are now growing early. 1) Overseas markets: according to the irobot announcement, in 2021, all major countries worldwide (the United States, Germany, Japan, etc.) had less than 15 per cent penetration of robotics, and the major countries are expected to have more than 20 per cent compound growth in less than the next five years. 2) Domestic markets: late start with far higher penetration levels.
Less than Euro-American, and according to our calculations, in 2021, China had a penetration rate of 4.39 per cent, and it's going to rise in the future.
Prospective. The country’s leading product, supply chain, and euphoria of innovation are stronger than overseas, with global competitive advantages. The global market share of national production leaders, represented by stone technology, Kovos, has risen from 1% in 2017 to 11% in 2020 to 9% and 17% in 2020, respectively.
Growth logic: domestic markets + two-wheeler growth in overseas markets. 1) Overseas markets: \triangleright 1, Retail trade strategy 2022 for the company when it was founded: Embrace
The potential value of global branding companies, based on product strength plus diversified channels, continued high rates of income from overseas, emerging consumption, and digging for quality markers has increased. With the company’s 22-year foreign flagship s7maxvq2 on the market, it is expected to further upgrade overseas.
2. The three-quarterly review of stone technology by the [people ' s trades] in 2021: Quantities; 2) Domestic markets: trends in the upgrading of domestic product structures continue, companies benefit from the dividends of their own clean products, incomes are growing at a steady pace, looking at new products and second-generation growth.
3. The mid-2021 performance point for stone technology, which led to a high share of domestic sales revenues.
\triangleright 13 times. Given the scope for greater penetration in the land sweep industry, leading national companies have the advantage of global competition and are expected to reap the full dividends of rapid industry growth.
1 StoneTechnology: Innovation-driven vandal robotics. 1.1 Company profile: Mi's start-up, Autonomous brand rises fast, Autonomous brands grow fast, and powerful products achieve global land-scanning machine leading companies.
In September 2016, the company used laser radar navigation technology to operate a large-scale company to sweep the ground robots, and the first one, the rice-scaved robot, was launched to blow the market. In 2017, the company launched its own brand, the stone-scaved robot, which continues with its product power and continuous innovation.
Leading the industry, autonomous brands are growing at a high rate. In 2020, the global share of corporate ownership was 9%, and in 2021 the domestic market was 14%. 1.2 Governance structure: decentralization, core teams with diversified technical backgrounds
The equity structure is fragmented, with the founder holding 23.2% of the shares. As of 30 September 2021, the founder of the Department held 23.2% of the shares, and was in actual control of the company.
The core management team has a diverse technical background. The core management team for stone technology is a technologist with many years of experience in research and development, from Microsoft, Huayuan, Siemens and Nokia, with a wealth of innovations and practices in many fields, including wind, light, machine, electricity and artificial intelligence.
1.3 Operational structure: Land sweep robots are the core industry, with a step-by-step upgrading of demigration to 98.23 per cent and a largely demigration branding transformation.
Land sweep robots are the core industry, with more than 97% of the revenue. Companies have increased their product abundance in recent years, extending to vacuum cleaners in 2019, and introducing land washing machines and commercial ground sweeps in 2021, but they are still the core industry, with 97.47% of the revenues from the ground sweeping robotics business in 2020.
1.4 Financial analysis: Autonomous brands continue to grow, with rapid increases in profitability up to $4.53 billion, cagr stands at 123.05 per cent, and the net profit of parent cagr is 234.00 per cent over the same period. Corporate roe is significantly higher than comparable companies. In 2020, company roe rose to 31.85 per cent, well above Covo.
S and irobot, mainly due to the production model of the company ' s light assets and higher profit margins.2 Sweeping the robotics industry: innovation goes beyond growth. 2.1 Historical review: supply creation demand, technological innovation driven at the core of the industry.
Looking back at the history of the global land sweep industry, we find that every round of technological innovation accelerates the industry’s penetration rate. The fielding robotics industry is characterized by a remarkable “supply-generation demand” and, when there are better products at the supply end, the demand side is expected to rise at a rapid pace and industry penetration accelerates.
In retrospect, we divided the field sweep robot industry into three phases: phase I, industrial buds (1996-2001): the product was “hard to use” and failed to stimulate demand. In 1996, Ilex released the first global sweep robot, based on the original vacuum cleaners.
The product is expensive, it is too thick to enter the bottom of the furniture, it is slow to calculate, it is inefficient to clear, and it has failed to activate the market demand for sweepers. Second phase, the random collision era (2002-2009): products range from "unusable" to "usable."
In 2002, the U.S. technology company, irobot, launched the roombaorigin series (priced at US$ 160 gold), which uses random collisions to clean up more efficiently than the previous round of products, from “unusable” to “usable”, with industry moving into a phase of rapid first penetration, 2004.
Irobot sales are rapidly increasing to an annual sales of 1 million. Because this method of cleaning moves according to specific algorithms (e.g. triangles, pentagonal tracks), there is no positioning technology, there is no environmental map, there is no autonomous and effective planning of the path, and there are repeated cleaning, missing and inefficient cleaning questions about the product.
Question: Consumers have a poor use experience. Phase III, Global Planning Age (2010-2020): there are two types of navigational technology routes in the period from "usable" to "good": laser navigation and visual navigation, with mainstream graphic algorithms.
slam algorithm. The first lds (laser radar)+slam (synchronous positioning and mapping) was launched in 2010 by Neatoxv-11 (priced $399), the visual navigation +slam algorithm was launched by dyson in 2014 by 360eye (priced $999), and the irobot push in 2015
A visual navigation product, roomba 980 (priced at $899). Global planning technology is a major technological transition in the landscape sweep industry, which has led to significant technological breakthroughs and product-smart clean-up efficiency gains.
According to the irobot announcement, the market for global sweepers rose from $945 million to $3,394 million in 2014-2020, with a compound growth rate of 23.75%. China has become the largest global market, with industry rising from $4.4 billion in 2017 to $10.1 billion in 2021.
Industry is still growing at an early stage, with low penetration rates and still several times the space. According to the irobot announcement, the penetration rate of global sweep robots is low, with major global countries (United States, Germany, Japan) in 2021.
The industry is at the “early mass” stage of the innovation diffusion theory, where consumers are more cautious in purchasing new goods, but they are earlier than the overall consumer population. Figure 18: Home penetration and compound acceleration of the global target countries (United States, Germany, Japan, etc.) in 2021
China has less penetration than Europe and America, and there is much room for future growth. China’s land-cleaning industry started late, and penetration levels were much lower than in Europe and America. According to our calculations, in 2021, China’s soil-scavenging robots increased to 15.27 million. Considering their functional properties, both ground-scavening robots and washing machines are "dismantling."
The home-based solution of hands-on, with improved product functionality and increased awareness, would make a scavenging robot a new approximation of intelligent family life, with greater potential for future penetration. 2.3 Competition patterns: a high concentration of head, and a promising global leader of national product cards.
2.3.1 Global patterns of competition: irobot leads, China’s brand share rises rapidly, and the irobot is strong, but market share continues to decline. irobot, as the global leader of the ground-scattering robot industry, had a share of almost 60% in all regions of the world until 2017, and North American markets were more than 60%.
The global share (with the exception of China) has declined steadily, up to 85%, but in recent years the share of the market has declined. The global share (with the exception of China) has risen from about 30% in 2018 to about 1% in 2017, 11% in 2020, and 17% in 2020.
The share of rice has remained at 4%. In the subregion, the share of stone Cavos remains low in North America and Japan, with a share in the emea region, especially as rock technology has made a rapid breakthrough in the emea region in recent years, rising rapidly from less than 1% in 2018 to 14% in 2020.
Figure 23: Market patterns of Japanese market sweepers Figure 24: The rapid rise in the share of stone technology in the emea area
Super strong, highly concentrated industries. As a pioneer in the country's land-scanning market, the “one super” Kowals maintained a pre-emptively dominant position in the country, with the city standing at more than 40% a year, and its share has declined in recent years, mainly because of the company's strategic abandonment of low-end random product markets in 2018.
Because of the high degree of integration and technical barriers associated with the properties of the land sweep product, head brands have clear advantages at the R&D, marketing, supply chain integration, brand power, etc. The dominant advantage is clear, and the trend toward head concentration is expected to continue.
This is a significant increase, but the largest increase in industrial concentration in recent years, with cr3 rising from 69% in 2020 to 77%. We believe that the main reason is that head companies benefit from the upward trend in product structure towards self-cleaning, that consumers are more brand-oriented about consumer-up products, and that new entrants are weak in both product and brand power.
In the case of top-level enterprises, it is more difficult to establish a foothold on high-end clean-up products.3 Growth drivers: the share of external sales continues to rise, the share of inward sales is gaining ground for new products 3.1 product advantages + the expansion of diversified channels, and the company ' s share abroad is rising rapidly
Technology leads the world and localizes the products further to competitiveness. By comparing the products of the system, we find that domestic champions, represented by rock technology, lead overseas champions, irobot with multiple dimensions of navigational functions, drag-land functions, base-station functions, etc., and that the products are geared towards overseas markets with a greater emphasis on refilling the dust.
In particular: 1, Navigator function (most important function): The advantage of rock technology is to be found in: 1) more intelligent. lds piloting is now a way to achieve a higher degree of visual accuracy than irobot. 2) lower prices. irobot is equipped.
Vslam navigation products are mostly sold at more than $500, while stones, with the exception of low-end e4 and e5 line products, are equipped with lds navigation, the cheapest product is less than $400, with a clearly good value for money, 2 drag-landing function: stone technology sweeps together are basically product labels, while irobot is only s9.
j7 i3 series with ipartlink technology to complete dust-sniffing with fraavajetm6 3 base station function: 2022ces exhibition stone release series s7maxv new item, s7maxvoltra with full-power station with self-assembly, auto-washing, auto-rehydration, base station self-cleaning function, etc.
More than irobot, based on self-assembled dust, and more “free hands.” Based on the great product power and higher value for money of rock technology, products are also recognized by overseas users. From a comparison of the sales of stones and irobot products in Amazonia, the low-end product rating of stone high schools is basically based on the low-end product rating.
4.5-4.6 points, whether the rating or the five-star positive rating ratio is higher than irobot. The q2-listed rock s7maxv is expected to perform functions such as “5100 pa,” “Automated lift and drop-out rags”, “Self-assemble dust”, etc., which are more in line with the need of overseas consumers to focus on the cleanness of the dust and further improve product competitiveness.
Rocks and technology, as a brand of new power in the domestic market, have opted for a low-cost, light-asset, fast-expanding approach in 2017, through export distributors such as Emong, Purple, etc., into off-line distribution channels and cross-border power suppliers in different regions.
Since 2018, companies have been working hard to build their own channels, on the one hand, and on the other hand, the US market, which is characterized by Wal-Mart and Costco, as well as the greater difficulty of marketing and gaining access to large ka channels, have begun to break through online Amazon channels.
Continuing deep-deep distribution channels and actively promoting cooperation with the Great Ka channel in the United States, on the one hand, and expanding regionally to cover more markets on the other. In the light of the current progress, home-grown overseas channels have been well advanced, especially in Europe, where the market has expanded rapidly, but not far from the region as a whole.
It's still in the early stages of expansion. Brands are showing off, and overseas revenues and shares are rising fast.
According to our estimates, the share of offshore revenue in 2020 was close to 75%. Companies are now focusing on developing markets in the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia, where European markets have made a significant breakthrough, reaching 14% in the emea region.
3.2 The industry grew structurally in 21 years, with prices increasing to the core driving force of the industry, taking advantage of the dividends from the clean new product. According to the Ovi cloud network, the size of the market for clean-up robots was 10.1 billion in 2021, with a rate of increase of 28%.
On the other hand, overall demand performance in the city was relatively modest, and the introduction of high-end clean-up products accelerated the elimination of low-end sweepers.
Higher prices may stifle consumer demand for the first time, resulting in 21 years of sales of ground-cleaning robots, 22 years of outlook, continued product structural upgrading, and expected continued use of cleaners. Consumers favored the pain spots of home-cleaning products that address consumer hand-washing rags and are now market-scapped robots.
Main selling points, according to gfk, in 2021 there were 38 new base-station items in over 20 brands on-line, while we observed that from the second half of the 21st year, head brands have been largely self-cleaning products that have become industry-driven.
With the benefits of cleaning products, the share of sales in stone technology has increased rapidly. Stone technology has been released since September last year, when sales of the cleaning product g10 continued to rise, with single markets rising from 4.4% in September 21
By February 22, 13%. G10’s rapid increase in the average price and market share of company products has also made the public department the fastest-growing brand market in the last year.
On March 17 and 22, respectively, two new items in the T8 and g10s series were introduced, refilling the layout of the stone at the middle end of self-assembly and the high end of all-power station products, with a further increase in the expected share of inward sales. Of these, t8 were sold from dust collection + heavy suction (4200pa) outlets, at a price of $2799 from dust collection, and the shield was less effective than last year's t7splus.
There is no carpet recognition, but there is a clear advantage over last year's price of $1,400 below t7splus, increased suction, and higher value for product. The g10s series is currently the best approximation of stones, adding a new automatic collection to the previous generation of g10 dust + autodepressive + water + drying, with a much stronger shielding function and 5,100 pcetexal suction, and
The Cobos flagship product x 1omni is the strongest performance in the industry, but the rock series g10s, figure 44: Stone new product t8 and figure 45: Stone new product g10s
Performance projections are based on the following assumptions:
Il, the new product g10s series is extremely competitive, looking forward to the rapid growth of intra-firm sales. On the external side, the company’s products are globally competitive, and overseas markets are expected to continue to grow faster with the easing of shipping capacity and the release of the company’s new overseas product s7maxv series.
Māori rate: As the domestic product structure is further upgraded, income from higher product prices from overseas markets continues to grow, and pressure on raw materials gradually subsides, we expect the company ' s Māori rate to continue to rise.
The internal market is in the process of strengthening the marketing of autonomous brands, and sales costs are expected to remain high in recent years. (2) Management costs: Management costs are expected to decline gradually due to the rapid growth in the size of the company. 3) Research and development costs: taking into account the unstructured nature of the industry, product patterns are still rapidly overtaken by events and product power is also industry-critical.
We've chosen Kovos, polar technology, as a comparable company, 32 times the average per cent in 2022. Considering that the penetration rate in the clearing industry is much higher, the leading national companies have a global competitive advantage and maintain a push.
Table 16: Comparison of comparable companype data 1) Overseas markets are not expanding as expected. Many overseas countries have large consumption habits and channel structures, and face direct competition from the leader, irobot, with higher demands on the company’s ability to contract further.
2) The company’s overseas earnings are high, the direct route is fast and long, and continued sea transport constraints can directly affect the company’s overseas earnings. Moreover, the continued rise in shipping costs could affect the company’s competition patterns in the overseas sector. In recent years, cloud whales, search entrepreneurs, etc., and domestic and foreign electric taps have deteriorated.
The company's financial statement data projections are aggregated, the methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, the report is presented independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in this report: