National Golden Vegetables Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
The deep south circuit (002916.sz) was purchased (first rating) 5g, and more panels, servers and envelopes were expected to bloom.
Space increases + unit price increases + share rises by capturing the maximum 5g growth elasticity: deep south circuit shares are limited to the company's main printing of circuit boards (pcb), enveloped boards and three major operations of the electronic packaging consortium, where pcb collects more than 70 per cent of gross profits and 50 ~70 per cent comes from the communications sector, which is seen to be public.
The Division's performance in recent years has been supported. In this way, 5g will be the key to the company's high growth, and by deconstructing three major factors, we find that the company will grow: 1) volume of communications equipment: 5g global and domestic base stations are estimated to be 10.38 million and 1.03 million.
5.26 million stations (an increase of 10 per cent compared to 4g) and will drive global and domestic transmission equipment to reach 2.56 million stations and 1.3 million stations (+30 per cent) to create a 5g growth dynamic; 2) individual equipment pcb value: single equipment pcb is on the rise in volume, aau equipment pcb
The value will be 3,200 yuan per table (+43%, the most elastic plate, the company being the global dragon of the class), the value in du+cu will be 1580 yuan per table (+15%), and the total value of the single base station will be 3) the share of the manufacturer by comparing the patterns of competition at home and abroad and the competitive advantages of the company in terms of technology, etc.
The increase in the fiveg factor is clear, the company’s benefit of 5g is logically established, and if the construction of the 5g base station is higher than expected, the company’s performance will continue to be higher than expected, and the value of the company’s investments will be higher at this point in time. The annual compound increase will be 5.8%, and the company is expected to enjoy the capacity of an expanded product server, pcb, in South China.
The company invested $1.02 billion in tin-free block-plating capacity, with high growth expected in the future.
The construction of the 5g base station on Deng Xiao Road is not as high as expected; the company’s city is not as well as expected.
(aau) The active antenna system, a 5g-specific antenna system model, is a collection of antennas and radio frequency units;
bbu: pre-5g baseband unit equipment programme.1 Space increase + unit price increase + share raised, communications pcb tap grabs the maximum elastic point of 5g. Deep South Electric Co. Ltd. was established in 1984 as the China Air Industry Group (under the control of the National Finance Committee)
The company’s operations are mainly configured in pcb, enveloped base plates and electrical assemblies, with revenues and gross profits of $7.6 billion and $1.8 billion respectively in 2018, of which pcb accounts for 50-70%, and the company’s main performance logic can be described as communication pcb.
▪ Communications — Engineering & Medical — Consumer — Space & Air — Automobile — Electronic — Service/Store — Other pcb in the field of communications is mainly used on circuit boards in communications system equipment, while the communications system is encountering a historic opportunity to switch 4g to 5g, and pcb will grow up as a key element of communication equipment
More specifically, to account for the performance of the communications pcb manufacturer, three main factors need to be deconstructed, the value of the single equipment pcb, and the share of the manufacturer, namely, the communications pcb = the volume of the communications equipment x the value of the single equipment pcb x the share of the manufacturer
We believe that there will be a significant increase in the value of communications equipment (space) and single-equipppcb (unit prices) in the 5g era, and that companies, as globally known high-quality pcb champions, 5g have a clear competitive advantage and are expected to increase their share further, so that companies will embrace it from the point of view of three factors.
1.1. The number of macro-based stations has increased, and the volume of equipment in the 5g system has determined that the number of base stations is the key to determining the number of communications equipment. Communications equipment is the hardware facility and physical performance that carries the structure of the communications system.
(i.e. the so-called base station, the carrier network (transmission) and the core network (processing data and Internet connection), the main communications equipment corresponding to each of these three parts of the 5g system are base station equipment (the antenna system-aau and the base band unit-du+cu), transmission equipment, core network equipment.
Figure 3: Structure of the communications system 1) Access to the network, the so-called base station, is the site for launching and receiving radio signals, with the main equipment package, the antenna system and the base band unit.
Three antenna systems and one base band unit, i.e., number of antenna system equipment (aau) = 3 x base station sites = number of base band units (du+cu) = 1 x base station
So, the number of network communications devices connected to the network depends on the base station number. It's interesting to note that the band unit was called bbu at 4g, and the bbu was split into two logic units: du and c, which may be a combination of one device or two, but from here on out.
The pcb perspective does not make much difference between separation and co-location, so it is assumed that the du+cu pattern is still the same as the bbu of 4g.) The transport network part of the carrying network, which transmits signals between the access net and the core network, is the main equipment.
equipment. In general, a network model is created when the operator constructs the network, which describes the amount of data that one transmission device is used to transmit to several base stations, i.e., the number of transmission equipment = n x base stations
In other words, the number of transmission devices is also related to base station numbers. n The extraction values are based on different network characteristics, and there is no conventional relationship. In the latter case, we will use the Chinese telecommunications model to extrapolate them. 3) The core network is a network that manages and processes data, pricing, connection to the Internet, etc.
. The number of devices in the core network will depend on the size of the data received, depending on the number of base site blocks that the core network is responsible for. The number of equipment in the core network is therefore also related to base stations, but the number is vague and difficult to quantify, but it increases as base stations increase.
The core network is not discussed in any further quantitative way. Thus, the number of devices in the communications system is closely related to the number of base stations, i.e., the number of 5g base stations will be the key variable in the 5g opportunity.
The number of base stations of the communications system depends on the transmission distance of the base station signal, which is associated with the frequency of the signal. Based on the electromagnetic wavelength and frequency relationship formula, it is known that the wavelength and the frequency are inversely proportional, i.e. the frequency is shorter at the height and the wavelength means that the signal bypassing and the ability to penetrate the wall is less likely to increase.
Figure 4: Formula for the relationship between the electromagnetic wavelength and frequency, as the spectrum of the low-frequency band is already overcrowded and unable to meet the continuous bandwidth requirement of 5g,
So 5g development to HF will be inevitable. Based on the already disclosed national spectrum planning, most of the countries are concentrated in the core frequency of 3.3ghz-5ghz, and some of the countries are planning to move to the millimetre wave phase, which represents a significant increase in the frequency of 1.6ghz-2.6ghz, which means 5g.
The frequency of signals is higher, so the number of base stations has to be increased if they are to be covered. Thus, the increase in base stations due to the high frequency of 5 g is a necessary trend.
1.13 million stations, based on the construction pace of 4g and taking into account the expectation of greater investment and accelerated construction of 5g, we therefore expect the construction cycle of 5g to continue from 2019 to 2026, with a peak construction period of 2) based on the White Paper on Industrial and Applied Development in China, 2018, published by Sadie's consultant.
The number of base stations in the country will be 1.1 to 1.5 times higher than the number of 4g base stations; the number of domestic base stations as a proportion of the global base stations in the period up to 2018 is 50 per cent, taking into account the faster construction of base stations in Korea in 2019, the faster growth of China and the larger market in mainland China.
In 2026, the number of 5g base stations in the country accounted for 20 per cent, 50 per cent, 50 per cent, 750,000, 1.5 million, 2 million, 1.7 million, 1.5 million, 1.08 million, 1.02 million and 830,000 stations globally, for a total of 10.38 million stations.
Based on the above base station projections, it can be inferred that the construction of the 5g antenna system aau will reach 15.7 million in the country, 31.14 million globally, the 5g base band unit equipment du+cu will reach 5.26 million in the country, 1,038 million globally, and 5g equipment will increase by 10 per cent in the country.
The main equipment in the 5g payload network is the transmission device, which can be divided into forward, middle and return, which is the transmission of the antenna system to the base belt unit, du-cu and du-to-c.
The number of transmission devices in 5g will increase, mainly from two sources, as described above, and the volume of transmission set-up will be related to the size of the transmission capacity, which will depend on the number of base stations, the number of which will inevitably increase.
The second reason is that the transmission network from 4g before is mainly conducted in a fibre-optic-drived square, while 5g will introduce the otn device program in areas where some fibre-optic resources are strained, thereby creating additional demand for the equipment. It is worth mentioning that 5g compared to 4g above will have an additional medium-transmission ring.
Section, depending on whether the du and cu of the baseband units are co-located or separated, but we believe that the two options have little impact on the need for transmission equipment because: when the du and c have been set up, the middle link needs new transmission equipment; when the du and cu are set up, the du +cu equipment (similar to the original bbu) will sink.
By the near aau, the transmission distance between cú and the mobile edge platform (mec) will be extended, and additional transmission devices will be added between cu and mec at this time. So, it can be said, the combined and separated program will have little difference in the number of transmissions.
Figure 10: A diagram of the Utn device can be quantified and can be extrapolated according to the Chinese telecommunications model (since the amount of equipment required for the co-location and sub-location of du and c is not significantly different, only the sub-programs of du and c will be extrapolated as follows):
1) Forward circulation, aau to du, a du corresponds to a transmission device, and assuming that 10-15 per cent of the base stations in 5g use the otn equipment programme, conservative estimates at a 10 per cent penetration rate that domestic and global forward transmission equipment will reach 530,000 and 1.04 million:
2) Centralization and return, i.e. du tocu (the access layer of the host network) and cu to the core network (the convenor and core layer of the host network). According to the Chinese telecommunications model, each access ring in the access layer will be connected to eight base stations, each in the confluence layer will be connected to six access rings, and each in the core layer will be constructed into four devices.
A core ring and access to 250 clusters (four core devices for 12,000 base stations), also medium-transmission equipment = number of access loop equipment = number of base stations = number of return-transmission equipment = volume of convergence loop equipment + quantity of core loop equipment = number of base stations + 8/6 + number of base stations / 8/6/250*4
On the basis of available data, the total number of domestic and global front, center and back-to-back equipment will be 1.3 million and 2.56 million, depending on the number of base stations, as follows: “Transmission equipment: base station equipment = 0.25.
In the Statistical Yearbook of the Sub-Info Industry, the number of wave repeaters sold in 2013-2016 (4g major build-up period) amounted to 750,000 and the estimated number of 4g transmissions was about 1 million, while 5g transmissions were expected to increase in volume of equipment.
There will be a significant increase in 4g, on the basis of which the number of equipment connected to the network, the carrying network and the core network will increase, so the first of the three factors that affect the performance of the communications pcb manufacturer is “communication equipment exports 1.2, pcb per aau increase by 433 per cent to the maximum elasticity point”
▪ The changes in the antenna caused aau pcb to rise in volume equal to 4 g at the 5g base station, the most prominent of which was the change in the aau pcb, which resulted mainly from changes in the antenna system: first, the base station antenna system was sourceless.
The antenna system (the antenna and the radio frequency unit rru are separated and connected by feeder) becomes the active antenna system (the antenna and radio frequency collection become a whole, collectively known as aau); and secondly, 5g introduces massivemimo due to the need for relatively larger network capacity, with a corresponding increase in the number of vibrations, from the previous 4-8 vibrations.
The number of passages (a group of filters, pa, transceivers, etc.) was also upgraded from 2t2r/4t4r/8t8r to 64t64r. pcb used in aau in 5g consists mainly of vibrations, fracturing boards, trx panels, and power plate 4
The situation varies. In particular: 1) The mainstream material used to be metal, while 5g will introduce some of the vibrations made from pcb material, which means that there is an additional need for pcb. On the one hand, there is still a plastic in the sob6ghz phase.
The resonance scenario, on the one hand, and the microbanding of more than 6 ghz, on the other hand, is combined with the scoring board, so pcb is limited in space: 2) scoring board, 5g was used mainly in the same cable program, but the number of 5g vibrations increased.
Cable welding points, thereby increasing wear and tear, will introduce the pcb scoreboard program, which is an incremental opportunity for pcb from 0 to 1 in 5g. Although in the case of sub6ghz it may be possible to use materials such as aluminium alloys, plastics, etc. for a power network (e.g. plastics sill integration program), because
Aluminium alloys in the millimetre wave band (over 6 ghz) are no longer applicable, so for the time being, the structure of the scoring board may be a two-story (centre network) piece of four-story board (calibration network), or a collection may be a six-story board with an area of approximately 0.32 square metres/face antenna.
(800 mm*400mm). Chart 17: Fevers are active antenna spectrometers (non-5g, reference only)
3) the trx board, which contains passages, including radio frequency, number, and function modules. In 4g, the trx board is placed in rru, the number of passages has increased since the 5g antenna and rru collection became aau, and the area of the trx board as the carrier will be increased, from about 0.15 m2/face antenna.
3.32 square metres/pane antenna (800 mm*400 mm) with 113% increase in single-board area. The structure of the trx panels is generally 12-16 floors.
Chart 19: Trx Board in 5g corresponds to the channel device The non-core board of the power plate is small in value and the 4g to 5g are essentially unchanged and 1. The trx panel and the trx board receive mainly high frequency data, so both boards need to be used on a high frequency basis
The price of the pcb sheet depends on the difficulty of processing, in addition to the material.
The source antenna, with an increase in the number of accessors on a single plate and a significant increase in the integration of the trx board, the corresponding difficulty of processing and a significant increase in prices, according to industrial chain data, the value of the trx plate is about $4,000 and the price of the trx board is about $6,000 (4g).
The number of pcb values in each aau is estimated to be $3,200, an increase of 433 per cent in relation to the 4g antenna system, as can be seen from aau pcb in 5g.
The amount of pcb in du+cu and transmission equipment does not change much.
The pattern is similar, with the main pcb having single and backboards, specifically, 1) du+cu (similar to bbu) with the main two types of business handlers and master transfer plates, 1 business handler is generally responsible for aau, and a master transfer board controls 3 blocks.
Operational panels, that is, three operating panels and one main control board in one base station du+cu, with a total of four single panels, four of which are connected by one backboard. The size of each single plate is about 0.04 m2 (280 mm*14.45 mm), and the corresponding size of the four backboards is about 0.02 flat.
2) the transmission equipment also consists of single and backboards with a single area of approximately 0.12 m2 (400 mm*295 mm) and a piece of backboard with an area of approximately 0.40 m2
(9000mm*450mm). The number of front, middle and return manifests varies depending on the capacity of the transmission, and generally the larger the transmission equipment in the back, the more the corresponding tablets, e.g., osn 580, about 15 sheets, osn 7,500, 25 sheets, osn.
We assume that there are 15 singleboards/tables, 25 singleboards/tables, 48 singleboards/tables for re-transmission operations, weights for the number of pre-transmissions, repeaters, and a weighted average number of 22 units for the number of single-plate units available.
It also decreases as the number of singles decreases (because the backboards are used to insert singles, and there are not as many singles as that large), assuming that the two are linear, with 48 single pieces of communications in a more regular and fixed form, so that 5g relative to 4g is not too much change, the corresponding single.
The use of pcb for one set of equipment also varies significantly. 1 pcb plate sizes are derived from information on the equipment disclosed by China, and later the same.
In terms of unit prices, the single and backboards of the wired telecommunications segment in 5g are predominantly high-speed pcbboards, which are concentrated on 8 to 16 floors, and the backboards are mostly above 16 floors, and the technical difficulties are much more complicated than aau.
And because this is the point, it doesn't change too much, and some material performance, integration and layer numbers may be raised at 5g in data, real-time and throughput, but it doesn't involve a change of nature, because the price increase is not too much, about 10-20%. So combine the amount of single-stage equipment with the amount of material.
The long trend in unit prices, where the value of pcb single table in wired equipment has increased by approximately 15 per cent, is also determined for the second factor, the effect of communications pcb, of the second factor, the increase in the value of single-desk equipment pcb, where the value of aau equipment pcb has increased by 433 per cent, the largest increase.
In summary, and in conjunction with the first factor, “requirement for communications equipment”, we can see the volume of equipment added to the individual set-up, the price of pcb rises, and the domestic and global pcb market space will reach 95 billion yuan (an increase of 141 per cent against 4g) and 1871 million yuan, as shown by the large pcb market space in 5g.
Main force comes from aau in the base station, 9,600 of pcb (3200*3=9600) out of a base station totalling $11180, and the relative 487 per cent increase in pcb in the aau is the largest increase in all equipment, with domestic and global market space amounting to $50.5 billion and $996 billion.
High value, so it's possible to say who takes the market opportunity at the pcb at the end of the base, who gets the advantage of the 5g, and who is expected to seize the opportunity of aau high elasticity, the company is a brand-new producer at pcb, and the world of the trx board in the above-mentioned high elastic link.
In our view, judging its competitiveness in the 5g will require both foreign and domestic patterns of competition. The rise of domestic suppliers of equipment drives the industrial chain, and national substitution is imminent.
While the influence of the geographical factors of the industrial chain is gradually diminishing in the face of globalization, the recent external environment has become more complex, and the importance of the geographical advantages of the industrial chain has been highlighted. For suppliers across the industrial chain, the rise of indigenous producers will be a key factor in their resistance to external risks, especially in the communications sector.
China's telecommunications industry has been growing for almost 30 years, and mainland home-grown telecommunications operators have become the leading players in global communications, both wireless and light, and Chinese manufacturers have achieved global leadership, guaranteed by their global position and strong power, and domestic producers are already showing strong performance in 5g.
On the one hand, in the number of hand orders, 50, 45 in Nokia, 25 in China, 22 in Ericsson, and on the other hand, in China, where China has always been in the lead, and on the other hand, where it has been in the anti-Aleutius, see the strength of domestic manufacturers: on the other hand, in 2019, h1, it was in the market at 5g.
With a rate of 31%, the q2 anti-superstar is ranked first, reflecting the barriers to the telecommunications industry and the competitiveness of industry leaders, whose strong competitiveness is expected to continue throughout the 5g period. Communication pcb is dependent on equipment, and the rise of indigenous equipment manufacturers provides fertile ground for the development of the industrial chain.
In the context of trade friction, there is a growing trend towards the domesticization of the industrial chain, driven by the terminal, where the communication pcb is a key device, and the replacement of the domestic product is imminent. In this context, foreign manufacturers are also gradually reducing their input and operational expectations on the communications pcbboard, which represents the manufacturer, the United States pcb.
In July 2019, when tttm started, he expressed pessimism about his own communications business. So, in the 5-g era, China’s home-grown high-quality equipment suppliers, such as China’s communications, are expected to take advantage of it to strengthen their excellence.
The trend towards greater competitiveness in the domestic industrial chain vis-à-vis foreign firms, influenced by factors such as geometry and demand for national production substitution, has gradually been reflected in the pessimistic expectations of some foreign manufacturers about communications, and we believe that domestic manufacturers of pcb are expected to lead 5g.
Domestic competitors, however, are more powerful than firms. Currently, domestic firms involved in the 5g telecommunications board include, in addition to the company, mainly electric shares, live electronics (subsidiary companies under the technology-for-profit umbrella), sophisticated East Hills, Zonta technology and congenial electronics.
Companies, shares in electricity and income-generating electronics are old-fashioned manufacturers of pcb for three deep-farm communications on the mainland, while East Shan is sophisticated in moving into the field of communications by acquiring foreign assets, Zonta technology and the relatively wide downstream of Xindao Electronics, where previously communications pcb were not its main layout.
Figure 31: The main manufacturers involved at this stage in 5gpcb are very strong in comparison with comparable companies. In global rankings, companies outperformed Dongshan in 2017 (when assets were still multek) and outperformed the power shares in 2018.
The largest indigenous pcb manufacturer with endogenous growth (the sophisticatedness of Dongshan was made larger by the acquisition of mflx in 2017 and of multek in 2018); in terms of income size, the company began to collect more rapidly in 2014, as can be seen from the speed with which the company's business is developing.
More recently, the construction of the 5g base station began in 2019, and the first half of the year was able to reflect, to some extent, the 5g order situation. According to the semi-annual data, the size of the company ' s revenue was significantly larger than that of the company.
On the other hand, pcb is a capital-driven industry, and how to use it effectively to achieve income from production is a core capacity. Given the comparison of capital spending and fixed asset efficiency between companies and comparable companies over the last five years, the level of public spending in the last five years is much higher than the average of comparable companies, but it is not because companies are blindly growing.
Zhang, we can see that after spending 860 million yuan on capital in 2015 to slow down the efficiency of the assets, the company took the initiative to reduce its investment, invest in raising the capital turnover rate and, in the case of significant asset efficiency gains, decisively increase its capital investment to take advantage of growth opportunities, reaching a high of 1,180 million yuan in 2018.
At a horizontal level, the corresponding fixed-asset turnover rate is above the average of comparable companies, reflecting the firm’s self-confidence and sturdy ability to operate, as well as its excellence in the pcb industry. The company is the leader of a high-elastic trx board, with technology and customer advantage.
Specifically, in 5g, the company has a more competitive advantage as a pcb manufacturer who has been plowing through the communications market for a long time, and 1) the company is the trx head, fully enjoying 5g elasticity. The most significant impact of 5g was seen in the previous calculations from aau, where the value of the pcb of the aau single device increased by 433% (see figure 21),
The increase in the build-up of equipment reached 487 per cent (see figure 25), of which trx is an important piece of material (the value of single equipment pcb increased by 220 per cent, see figure 21), high technology content (high-level numbers and high levels of integration), whereas the company has been developing trx boards since 2001 and is currently active.
The product is already a representative of the global leading program, and it is also the main power supplier of the trx board in 2g/3g/4g, while other manufacturers are more well positioned in communications than in the next high-speed plate, with less elasticity, and therefore (2) patent numbers are among the top, and high-value product technology leads.
According to a paper published in June 2018 by the patent review agency of the National Intellectual Property Office, Chen Jong of Tianjin Center, the company ranked second in the number of patent applications in the relevant area of pcb, after the mobile terminal vendor Opo, on the other hand, in China.
The organization of the National Electronics Industry Association recommended that the company's "high-capacity high-speed communications backboard" product, which is the most technologically difficult and single-priced product in the telecommunications board, be nominated as a single champion in the third series of manufacturing champions, can be seen in the fact that the company is at the top of the country's technology ladder.
The China Electronics Industry Association recommends the third batch of manufacturing-single champion products recommended by cpca as follows: 1, Deep South Electric Co. Ltd.
High-capacity high-speed communications backboard 2, Penang Holdings (Shenzhen) Inc.
A thick gas electron multiplier with circuit boards4 and a multi-storey hard-printed circuit board for industry, Zonda Electrics Ltd., Shenzhen City
5. Five electronics and technology companies in Dongjung City, smart terminals with high-level circuit boards, Shenzhen City Willows Industries, Inc.
Printed circuit board pads pcb aposite copper 7, Eagle Gang South Copper Co. Ltd.
3) Communications certification cycle is long and the threshold for new entrants is high. The longer the product certification cycle, the higher the barriers to the product, the less competitive the newcomers have.
The difficulty is that even if they competed, the pace of the business would be relatively slow, with the vanguard being given the opportunity to enjoy the first three years of the outbreak: 4) close to the world’s top equipment suppliers to consolidate the company’s position. The company’s long-standing cooperative communications equipment plant
The firm is a global leader, and it has demonstrated its strong competitiveness in the 5g layout, and it's expected to get the largest share of the 5g equipment, and the company has a good partnership with it, and it has acquired the title of its gold medal supplier on several occasions, and a high-quality firm like this in 5g will be able to focus on other equipment.
In summary, although many manufacturers are now involved in the competition for 5g products, we believe that these players are mainly competing in new markets, with companies relying on their own firms at industrial barriers, customer relations, and the same as in the case of industry.
The strong competitiveness of product cards, technical barriers, etc., is capable of reaping an incremental share in the new market while preserving their original market share. Thus, the third factor of the impact on the performance of telecommunications pcb is determined by the “share of the market share of the manufacturer” factor.
In general, the 5g infrastructure development opportunities will provide the pcb industry with the opportunity to grow at full cost, and the Division, as a communications pcb leader, has a strong competitive advantage and is expected to grow at high speeds by the 5g east wind.
In addition to its communications operations, the company ' s other pcb operations include engineering medicine, aerospace, auto electronics, servers and envelope boards, with high levels of stability in the demand for industrial medicine and aerospace plates, large electronic car market space, which in recent years has been negatively affected by consumption cycles, low market interests, and server areas and seals.
The base-plate product is currently in its growth phase and is expected to be a support point for the growth of corporate performance in the future. 2.1. Cloud computing applications are in high demand and the server will pull a 4-year compound increase of 5.8% pcb. After the construction of the 5g infrastructure is completed, various 5g-based applications will flourish.
Calculating is one of the most important scenarios. According to the White Paper on Cloud Calculus Development, published by the Institute, the market has grown at a high rate of 23% and is projected to reach $273.3 billion by 2022 and 19% by four years. Focus on our market, our cloud count in 2018.
With a total market size of $963 billion, a 39 per cent increase in the same year, a market size of $29.3 billion in 2022 and a four-year capr of 32 per cent, the potential for growth of our cloud computing market is relatively full, and the data centre (idc) will also be fast-growing as a hardware carrier, driven by the rapid growth of cloud computing demand.
According to ICU data, the number of global data centres and cabinets is expected to reach 4.89 million and 430,000, respectively, in 2018, and the number of global data centres is projected to reach 4.98 million by 2020; while our data shows that the number of teleports reached 1.66 million in 2017, an increase of 34 per cent over the same period, with large data centres above
Eighty-three, a 68-per-cent increase in the same year, and our country’s rapid growth as the driving force behind the growth of the data centre. 69 per cent of the construction costs of idc are for servers, which are common communications equipment, based on a similar structure and communications equipment, which is dominated by plugboards, and pcb, the main material, will benefit from industry growth.
Long. According to Prismark, the market for pcb used in data centres/servers will be 5.8 per cent in 2018-2023, well above the industry average of 3.7 per cent, and only after the wireless base station.
The company’s well-known global server producers, such as servers, pre-existing major supply associations, and Heideed, have also continued to invest more in server operations in recent years, following the ipo’s call for $730 million for the project “Telemetric high-density, multi-storey printed circuit boards” (part of which is for communications)
With $1.52 billion invested in the construction of the South China Highway II generic high-rises project, mainly for high-end products such as high-speed backboards for servers, it is believed that companies will be able to embrace server growth opportunities quickly when they have sufficient capacity to produce.
As semiconductor miniaturization progresses, traditional encapsulation programmes are no longer adapted to smaller scales of ic, resulting in extra-legged, narrow-range, and ultra-small-sized envelope panels, which cover almost all downstream end-sites, including mobile smart terminals, services/stores.
Areas such as storage, which covers consumption (mobile phones, tablet computers, laptops, electronics, etc.) and industry (communication equipment, data centres, etc.)
In the context of the request, the enveloped base plate has been able to enjoy the high growth multiplier effect in a number of subsectors. According to Prismark, the market size of the enveloped board was projected to be almost $7.6 billion in 2018, with a market size of $8.8 billion in 2022 and a compound growth rate of 5.2 per cent in four years, increasing faster than the industry average.
In view of the market pattern of the global envelope, the main producers and producers are currently concentrated in Taiwan, Korea and Japan, where the top 10 enterprises account for four, three, and three, respectively, with annual rates of 1.64 per cent.
Figure 53: Regional distribution of the global enveloped base plate
The development of integrated circuits shows that global production can be gradually transferred to the home country, with 15 crystal-crystal mills to be built in the next three years, with a clear trend of national substitution, and the corresponding domestic sealing base-plate manufacturers benefiting. Currently, domestic sealing boards are profitable only for one company, with products such as mems, p, fingers.
The company invests $1.02 billion in tin-free manufacture, mainly in high-end storage, and so on.
In this area, high growth is expected from the postnatal period. Before we did a definitive analysis of the growth of the company’s performance in terms of industry space growth and company competitiveness, how much growth could the company have achieved during the five-g period?
At this point, we believe that the company's main logic is the 5g logic, and that the future focus of business is still in the area of communications, so we will focus on splitting up the 5g communications business and using the above-mentioned logic and estimation data to measure it, while other operations are basically projected along the lines of “market space* city occupancy”.
The specific assumptions for 5g operations are as follows: 1) Basic assumption 1: global market share in relation to the company ' s history (7-8%), global share of the company ' s main customers, share of the company ' s previous major clients ' purchases, taking into account that the company will
3) Basic assumption 3: Using the previously calculated value of individual base station pcb in the amount of $11180 and taking into account the decline in product prices as a result of increased competition, it is reasonable to assume that the 2020-2021 base station pcb unit price reduction is equal to 4) Basic assumption 4: Using the previously calculated transmission equipment in relation to the base station equipment in the amount of 0.25,
Therefore, assuming that the ratio of transmission equipment to base station quantities in 2019-2021 is 0.25; 5) Basic scenario 5: the pcb value of single transmission equipment, calculated using the preceding text, is $27810, taking into account that single and backboard products are more difficult and fewer competitors, there is a reasonable assumption that the transmission will take place in 2020-2021
The equipment pcb unit price remains the same, and the first three years have been a critical period for the company’s performance.
Other businesses are relatively small and are not the main drivers of growth in the company ' s performance over the next three years. Therefore, we base our projections primarily on market space and market occupancy, and IEC believes that they are more relevant to the pcb business, so we measure them according to the ratio between the electronic assembly pool and the pcb total collection.
The ratio of business revenue to market size disclosed by Prismark is used as a reference to the market share, taking into account that each business of the company is steadily moving upwards, and therefore assuming a steady increase in the share of each business market. (2) Basic assumption 11: Assuming that 11 is primarily based on three factors, one reference to the company ' s historical stock ratio and one reference to the company ' s historical stock ratio.
Growth rate; its second firm, which expanded its envelopes in 2019, was affected by the expansion factors in 2019, the pace of business growth will be pressured to expand its capacity to compete more in the market after 2020, and growth will resume: its third firm is a more powerful ring-plate manufacturer on the continent and is being carried by end-users.
The company will be the first to benefit from the move of alternative national production, and the resulting production capacity will eventually replace the part of the Japanese industry in the district of Korea, which will achieve higher growth. Therefore, it is assumed that the company’s top-heavy market over the period 2019-2021 will determine each block’s market space at a compound acceleration:
4) Basic assumption 13: Based on the volume relationship between the electronic assembly union and the pcb collection over the past few years (0.18-0.19), given the high relevance of the electronic assembly consortium and the pcb operations, taking into account the corresponding acceleration of the company ' s electronic loading union operations with the outbreak of the pcb operations, it is assumed that electricity will be available in 2019-2021
Under the above assumptions, the company ' s revenue from pcb, with the exception of 5g, will be set at a level of 0.20 per cent, and we will continue to assume the Māori rate and the cost rate.
pcb and non-5g-pcb calls, of which non-5g-pcb includes non-5g communications operations, engineering and medical care, air space, auto electronics, services/storage. The basic assumptions are as follows: 1) Basic scenario 1: estimated Mäori rate of 5g yen pcb based on industry chain research is about 36%.
2) Basic assumption 2: Māori rates for non-5g pcb operations, taking into account previous pcb operations, Basic assumption 3: Māori rates for previous years, and taking into account company ' s new tin-free coating base plant 4) Basic assumption 4: Māori ratio for IEC operations, reference historical data:
5) Basic scenario 5: Reference to the company ' s business taxes and cost rates over the years, taking into account the company ' s historical expansion, and given that the company ' s future operations are affected by the volume of 5g base station shipments, we are here to test the sensitivity of the net profits of the company and the construction of 5g base station, with other variables other than the construction of 5g base station, such as:
If the construction of the 5g base station is higher than expected, the company’s performance will be higher than expected, and the firm’s growth will be possible at this stage of intense investment and accelerated construction. In summary, we believe that 5g, as the next generation of more advanced communication technologies, will require greater capital spending.
The corresponding infrastructure is larger and more structural, with new changes resulting from changes in the antenna system making pcb one of the most investment-worthy plates under the 5g theme. Companies, as domestic pcb leaders, are able to rely on their own companies to build on industry barriers, in an environment of accelerated national production in the industrial chain.
Strong competitiveness in a number of areas, such as customer relations, product cards, technical barriers, maintaining their share of the original market and seizing their share of the new market.
As the most certain piece of performance today, Pe has risen to a high level, raising the question of whether the market still has a reasonable investment value for the 5g block, which we consider to be the primary issue in determining the value of the company's investment. In response, this paper will draw on the response of the market during the 4g period.
Analysis, with a view to giving some thought to the valuation of the five-g flagships. 4.1, 5g will replicate the 4g step I, second step, and third steady pe path, taking into account that each annual report is disclosed centrally in April of the following year, and assumes that investors are interested in the company’s performance.
As expectations converge towards real performance as time approaches the publication of the annual report, this paper uses the net profits reported each year as the expected net profits of investors for that year (e.g., the pe = the daily price of 2017 and the return of the net profits of the mother in 2017).
The 4g period can be divided into three phases: 1) the first phase is the entire year 2013, which is the 4g-tip phase.
In this industry context, the market expected a reversal of the performance of the 4g target in 2013, so that pe rose to 52.6 times from 27.8 at the beginning of the year, but the valuation level returned to a low level after the change in the pe-mode value in 2014, indicating a high level at that time.
Pe is a reasonable reflection of high growth in the future, with no premium: after the launch of year 4g, the construction of 4g base stations began to accelerate, with an expected performance in 2014 and a peak in 2015, so the 4g plate has been on the table for a full year and a half since 2014.
But it's already at the peak of the 4g construction, and the growth is expected to slow in the future, and the level of the pe is expected to be at its highest in 2015 and 2016, and the corresponding point will be zero in the first order of construction, and then the pe will begin to decline in the second month, but again in September 2015, when it falls to a minimum of 37 times.
The 4g base station construction in 2017, after a return to the bottom of the performance in 2016 (net profit is negative), will maintain a certain amount of volume, net profit or reversal, so the 2017 valuation starts up and starts to rise until trade frictions occur in 2018.
The high point has fallen considerably, but since the construction level of 4g is not particularly low, pe-back can stabilize at a level 50 times higher than at the end of 2014.
During the construction calendar year, the 4g block as a whole will rise, with a higher but no premium, reflecting expectations of higher growth in the future, and a premium at this stage: eventually, when the expected increase falls, the pe will fall rapidly, but will eventually rebound.
For a higher position before the 4g cycle, history suggests that the 5g plate will also follow the 4g plate's valuation upward path, and that the 5g construction is expected to be even greater than at that time, and that 5g is needed in the context of the current slowdown in economic growth.
So, driven by this high degree of elasticity, we expect that the five-g block valuation will replicate the three phases: the "pump-up" phase — all year 2019: the 5g construction year, which we judge to be present.
In 2019, since, according to the Ministry of Information and Communications, about 100,000 base stations were to be built by 2019, little was built by 2018, and 200,000 stations could be built at the beginning of 2013 in the 4g period, at which point the pe would be in a relatively high but realistic and reasonable position:
Eight hundred thousand base stations, with about 100,000 base stations in 2019 showing flash-like growth expectations, with an additional 750,000 base stations in 2014 for 4g: the peak is expected to be in 2020, and the peak is expected to fall first, then return to a reasonable level based on the expected construction of the next 5g.
So we think that the 5g plate still has a very high investment value. This year, the 5g pe went to a higher position, the market questioned the reasonableness of the valuation, and we can deduce it by comparing it to 4 gpe.
It is now going through the first phase — “Tear” — which appears to be very high, but its reaction is that the high growth that 5g will bring to the industrial chain in the future is actually reasonable, and the valuation is far from over. 4.3, a reasonable level of pe from the 4g punt, with a reasonable market value of 66.6 billion in 2021.
There could be some valuation premium, which would make the average valuation high. The company, as a pcb leader, was large, and its valuation path should be similar to that of a leading firm, but at the time, the 4gpcb plate was non-core, and there was no pure 4g concept pcb industry leader that could be used as a label.
Based on the pure integrity and vanity of 4g, this paper uses the selection of the winning communication as a pe-to-pe, which is intended to determine the company ' s reasonable valuation level in 5g by examining the e-situation of the e-mail in 4g. The e-communication valuation trajectory is similar to that of the 4g index and continues after the first phase of the 2013 upgrade.
Upgraded from 2014 to 2015, with the 2013 highest valuation level of 44.8 times, while the second phase did not exceed the first stage of the valuation increase as compared to the 4g index, the peak also reached a high level of 35.6 times. Before the peak period, the valuation was reduced to a high level of 35.6 times.
Taking into account the valuation level of the communications between China and the Middle East, considering that the 5g relative to the 4g build-up and pcb plates are one of the most resilient plates in 5g, and taking into account the assumption that the 5g base station added above peaked in 2021, we believe that the company, as the 5gpcb flagship, will combine in the initial period of 2019 and 2020.
It is still possible to remain high, with a reasonable level of pe expected to be 38 times higher, and a combination of the previously projected net return profits of the company, with a high long-term investment value from the current point of time to the fair market value of 2020. In conjunction with comparable corporate valuations, the current value of the company is relatively high, but it is implicit that the high value of the future business is higher.
With the expectation of high performance growth, we can see that 2019pe has returned to the same level as comparable companies, so we believe that with the gradual release of the company ' s 5g business performance, the company ' s high valuation will be digested, with a high investment value in the long run.
In summary, in the context of this year's high heat and the continuous increase in valuation of the 5g plate, the market is disputed about the reasonable valuation level of the company, and in the context of the 4g, we believe that the current valuation level is not very high and that the top of the valuation is not yet available. The comparative analysis does not take into account other factors of influence (e.g. macroeconomic factors) over two periods of time.
The objective is only to provide some insight into the valuation of the five-g flagships. According to the preceding reasoning, the company’s future growth comes mainly from the growth of its 5g business, while the key variables affecting its 5g business are the construction of the 5g base station and the company’s share in the 5g.
5.1, 5g construction is of low visibility. The trade friction or shock 5g process, from the point of view of the present time, is mainly influenced by two main aspects of the construction of the 5g base station, and by the negative impact of the 5g construction planning and trade friction. In particular:
1) Although there is some planning for global investment in 5g construction, it is still in its early years, and the visibility of the entire 5g base station is still low, and there may be some negative implications for the subsequent development of 5g construction processes and construction volumes (e.g., now that domestic operators offer to share the base stations), which is inevitable.
(ii) The current trade war has eased somewhat, but does not exclude the possibility of a subsequent deterioration, especially if the unilateral strike against the main domestic equipment merchants in the trade friction continues.
In response to this problem, we are testing the sensitivity of net corporate profits and the construction of 5g base stations, which are not expected to affect the net profits of the company, with no change in the number of variables other than the construction of 5g base stations.
5.2 As the outbreak of 5g is approaching, more and more pcb manufacturers are involved in the construction of 5g, as competition has increased to a lesser extent than expected.
Competition is increasing. In the preceding analysis, we believe that companies are competitive and are able to achieve a higher share, but the increase may not be as high as expected. In response to this, we are here to test the sensitivity of the net profit versus the market, so that the net profits of companies will be affected by their higher market share, which will make it possible.
It is the main risk point for its profits, and then it is calculated on an average basis to arrive at the final rating as the average market investment.