A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
ZTE (000063 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Solid 4Q20 recovery with improving margin; Lift TP to
Target Price
RMB41.7
(Previous TP
RMB 41.2)
Up/Downside
+22.5%
ZTE announced FY20 preliminary results with revenue/net profit growth of +11.7%
Current Price
/-15.3% YoY, largely in-line with our/consensus estimates, thanks to solid growth
across all segments, share gain in China and improving profitability overseas. By
China Technology Sector
4Q20, revenue/net profit grew 3%/62% YoY to RMB27.3bn/1.66bn. In a mixed
backdrop of global 5G deployment and macro uncertainties, we believe ZTE is
Alex Ng
well positioned to seize the opportunities from "New Infrastructure" initiative and
5G network upgrade amid Huawei uncertainties. We slightly revised our forecasts
and raised our TP to RMB41.7 based on same 31.2x FY21E P/E. Catalysts
Lily Yang
include 5G BTS tenders and 2021 operator capex budget.
FY20 largely in-line; Solid growth across all segments. Despite
challenges from COVID-19 and macro uncertainties, ZTE achieved sales
growth of 11.7% YoY in FY20E, driven by solid growth from both domestic
Stock Data
and overseas markets and all three business segments (carrier's network,
consumer business and government/corporate business). Net profit declined
15.3% YoY in FY20, mainly due to one-time asset disposal gain in 3Q19.
Improving operating and financial metrics. ZTE reported record-high
operating cashflow of RMB10.23bn in FY20E, up 37.4% YoY, while gearing
ratio improved to 69.5% from 73.1% in FY19. We believe ZTE will continue
to improve its working capital and optimize balance sheet structure.
Major beneficiary of global 5G deployment. As we believe Chinese
operators will kick off next 5G BTS tender in 1Q21E, we expect 5G BTS net-
adds to reach 800k/1mn (including CBN) in FY21E/22E and ZTE's 5G market
share in China will gradually ramp to 35% (vs 30% in FY20). Thanks to global
economic recovery and resumption of 5G BTS rollout post COVID-19, we
expect domestic/overseas revenue from carrier's network to grow at 9%/18%
CAGR during FY21-23E.
12-mth Price Performance
Reiterate BUY; Lift TP to RMB41.7. We adjusted our forecasts to reflect
better operating leverage and new FX assumptions. We slightly raised our
target price to RMB41.7 based on same 31.2x FY21E P/E, in line with 2-year
historical forward P/E. Trading at 25.5x FY21E P/E (1-sd below 2-year avg.),
we think the stock is attractive, vs 26% EPS FY21-23E CAGR. Risks include
US-China disputes, component restriction and 5G deployment delays.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: Ernst & Young
FY20 Results Review
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Figure 2: 4Q20 results review
Earnings Revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 4: CMBIS estimates vs consensus
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Valuation
Maintain BUY and raised TP to RMB 41.7 (22.5% upside)
We slightly raised our TP to RMB41.7 based on 31.2x FY21E P/E, in line with 2-year
historical forward P/E. We believe this is justified as the stock has been mostly trading on
25-37x EPS, except the period during negative earnings in 2012, 2016 and 2018. We
estimate 26% EPS FY21-23E CAGR, backed by 11% revenue CAGR and improving GPM
as 5G scales up. Trading at 25.5x FY21E P/E (1-sd below 2-year avg.), we think the stock
is attractive. Risks include US-China disputes, component restriction and overseas 5G
deployment delays.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time)("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.