On May 9, 2022, the Great Wall bus released its April Express: April vehicle output.
The supply chain \triangleright is limited in many ways, and the marginal improvement in sales is imminent.
As the epidemic gradually subsides in May, supply chain constraints are expected to improve and sales are expected to release. User-oriented product-type innovations and high-end intelligent vehicle models are rising.
\triangleright \triangleright class innovation upwards, deep-farming market breakdowns. Name: 1) Hafer: Hover: Lemon mixer technology is about to be marketed; 2) Ola: new 2022 Euratoms to open user custom mode.
Quick break, the new car ballet cat is expected to be on the market in June to further meet the demand for a segmented market; 3) Tanks: Luxury Suv tank 500 for medium-sized businesses was officially delivered in April; 4) Pika: the Great Wall cannon was the first to bring down 300,000 fully-fledged vehicles of the Chinese high-end pickup brand, which is now on the market in more than 50 countries on four continents around the world and continues to advance.
Globalizing development strategies. As technology accelerates, the share of high-end smart products in companies rises. In April, sales of cars of $150,000 or more accounted for 18.7 per cent, sales of cars based on three technology brands: lemons, tanks, and coffee, have reached 66.2 per cent, and smart cars have reached 89 per cent.
1. The fall of the Great Wall car (60163.sh) in the first quarter of 2022 is expected to lead to a substantial increase in the value of the company.
Technology is accelerating, and technology and innovation are driving the brand upwards. According to the Global Automobile Patent Large Data Platform, 2. The Wall Cars (60163.sh) March fast-distribution site shows that the Wall has 3710 open car patents, 3,256 patent authorizations and a Central National Camp.
Review: Deficiencies in the supply of cores have eased, and the global model of cars is in the forefront of cars; patents and authorizations in the area of new energy vehicles have been 1301 and 914, respectively, in China, which provide a strong guarantee for the Great Wall ' s transformation to Global Smart Technology.
With regard to the Great Wall Cars (60163.sh) 2021 launch, MMI has recently released a “mnaw city noh” carrying Hpilot 3.0, which carries an assessment that the single-car camp is on the move and the volume is on the rise.
4. The Great Wall Car (601633), in February, has a fast-forward assessment of the production and sale of super-calculus chips, security redundancies in the perception system, which will then accelerate the pace of the vehicle, raise the core of the product, disturb the core, and raise the intellectual enabler brand.
In terms of the configuration of the intelligent core technology, the Great Wall Smart Cores project was officially signed, and 5. The Wall vehicles (601633) were evaluated in January for their sales: 1.1 million eas air hangars and 2.6 million edc electrolytic suspensions will be achieved after delivery.
The short-term pressure on sales in January has accelerated the expansion of production capacity in overseas markets. Through STI and the continued layout of the core supply chain, product power has led to higher brands. \triangleright
\triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.