The Great Wall Car (601633) is affected by the epidemic, disturbed by the constant optimization of the product structure.
Incidents: The Great Wall Cars published the April 2022 Express, which sold 53,777 vehicles in April, compared to 41.4 per cent in April. The Hafer brand sold 29,125 vehicles in April, compared to 47.1 per cent in April. Wey Brand, a global-renowned suv manufacturing company, was “Suv”
2.293 vehicles sold, corresponding to 36.1 per cent; 13.206 cards sold in the Great Wall, corresponding to 34.6 per cent; Eura, progressing a little bit”. The business concept, with an advanced corporate culture and management team, created a unique business.
Brand sales were 3,088 and 58.7 per cent respectively; tank brand sales were 6,065 and +10.3 per cent respectively; and management models, with the highest quality of operations in the country's automobile industry; short-term disruptions to sales in April were expected to improve in May. The company's sales were equal in April.
Not to mention 38.5%, 41.4%, which is slightly better than industry performance (the same amount of domestic car sales in April as in April as 46.1% and 47.6% respectively). In April, the epidemic in Shanghai and other areas affected the automobile supply chain and logistics. As the epidemic subsides, we have continued to recommence.
Debt and cross-equity presentations: Smart-led brands up, with a new cycle going on in 2022. Lemons, tanks, coffee smarts up about 4 pcts. So far, it's set to be listed in 2022: Hafer brands, Hoover.
The animal dht will carry 1.5t+dht130 hev power, and the Ora brand, the ballet cat, is scheduled to be marketed in mid-June, and the rich company has a product matrix in the pure electricity sector; and the Wey brand, the mochadht-phev, with lemon mixed dht, has been marketed in March, with a high-end new energy market;
With regard to tank brands, the large-scale commercial lavish tank 500 has been delivered; with regard to the Great Wall pickup, the modern commercial pickup gun was marketed in March. The new model of the company's new platform has a stronger product power, the final consumer has a higher degree of recognition of the company's new product, and the new model will be listed further.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: In the context of the emergence of new and autonomous sources of energy, we look to the company as a source of electricity, the financial boom in the East, the Great Wall car (601633): production and sales are disturbed by the epidemic, and product structures continue to optimize.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Great Wall Automobile (601633): Obsessed by the epidemic, continuously optimized product structure, Master of Management, University of Nankai, many years of experience in auto research and spare parts, employed in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, 2009-present.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.