The Great Wall Automobile is a world-famous suv manufacturing firm, which holds that "everything is the only thing that makes sense."
Realization of the net profit of $4,203 million from the non-repatriation of the mother, an increase of 9.55 per cent over the same period.
The growth in revenue was 32.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, thanks to an upturn in new vehicle sales and an optimal product structure. The company’s 2021 management model, with the highest quality of business in the country’s automobile industry, achieved a similar increase in operating income and net return to the mother, mainly because of the company’s continuous drive to the car cycle during the year.
In 2021, the company sold more than 1.28 million new vehicles, up from a higher share of the euragon, Great Wall cannons, and 300 tanks. Debt payments and cross-equity presentations:
Short-term disturbance of performance, such as lack of cores, price increases for raw materials, and cost raising. Company net return profits increased by 25.4 per cent in 2021 over the same period, operating robustly. 21q4 companies achieved net return profits of $1.84 billion, the same amount as 33.8 per cent, mainly due to price increases for raw materials, and Eura user charging costs and share charges related to the reimbursement of royalties.
We believe that the shortage of chips has led to incomplete release of the company’s production capacity, improved by factors such as lack of cores and rising raw materials prices, and that the company’s sales are expected to increase further, making profits from new car cycles and accelerating the transformation of electric intelligence. In 2021, the company continuously updated its product matrix based on new platforms.
In the battle, the autonomous high-end cross-country branded tanks were formed, and the Haffa Red, Haver Beast, Wei Mocha, 52 weeks of stock price range, Wei Machidodht-phev, Wei Latte dht, 300 city editions of tanks, 500 tanks, Ora.
Good cat gt, and more than 30 new models, with 42% of new platform models sold. The 2022 cycle of company new cars will continue and has now been identified for listing in 2022: Hover brands, Hover stock/flowa shares (million shares)
Cool Dogs are Huff 2-pound cars. On Ora's brand, the listing of ballet cats, punk cats, lightningcats, circulation b/h shares (million shares) will further enrich the company's product matrix in the pure electricity field. On Wey's brand, we're carrying lemons.
Institutional change and technological innovation are building companies’ long-term core competitiveness. Companies are changing their bottom structure, moving from a “car-making enterprise” to a “user-services-operater” business model.
Products + software + services, which provide the basis for the effective exploitation of market demand. Many of the company's research and development results have followed, with current lemon dht hybrid technology, hydrogen energy-related technology, 3.0t+9at/9hat superdynamics, etc., already installed in the product, and the applications of big beam battery technology, cobalt-free batteries, etc., to new energy sources.
In the critical period of electric intelligence change in the automobile industry, companies were autonomous vehicles that had earlier transformed and landed the products in question, while hot sales in the end market confirmed the competitive power of the company’s products. In the long run, the Great Wall cars, which have accumulated core technology, are expected to accelerate the acquisition of new tracks for the future.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: companies have been working for years in the field of electric and intelligent growth in 2021, pushing the new cycle forward and accelerating development in the face of the rise of new and autonomous sources of energy. We look forward to the far-reaching effects of changes in the bottom structure of companies, as well as to long-term core competitiveness in technology-building.
To the impact of the rise in raw materials prices and the shortage of car chips, we've adjusted the company's 2022-2023 return to its motherland, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East, the Great Wall car (601633): the continued optimization of the product structure and the accelerated transformation of electric intelligence.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Great Wall Automobile (601633): Continuously optimized product structure, accelerated transformation of electric intelligence, Master of Management, University of Nankai, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Wall Securities, 2009-present.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.