Research assistant Yang Wai-ging: Key message: The Great Wall cars achieved business income of $33.619 billion, the same ring ratio of 1 Māori performance was excellent, the product structure continued to improve: 1) The Great Wall cars performed better than sales.
High-priced car sales have continued to rise. 2022q1 Great Wall cars have achieved a wholesale sale of 28.35 million vehicles, compared to 16.32 per cent/-28.57 per cent for the same ring, which is significantly better than sales; single cars have an average cost of 11.8 million yuan, compared to 29.12 per cent/+3.20 per cent for the same ring.
The sales of high-value products such as q/Wei have risen significantly to 9.08/5.04 per cent, and the Māori ratio has improved significantly by the same year. q1 Great Wall Māori ratio, 17.18 per cent, and the same ring ratio, +2.06 pct/+1.88 pc, respectively, has significantly increased mainly by optimising marketing structures and the ring ratio by the same year.
q1 bonus is due to a smaller number of q4. 3) The cost ratio is q1 sales/management/research and development/financial +3.02 pct/+1.57 pct. The significant increase in financial costs and the link is mainly due to the increase in q1 exchange losses, while the increase in sales/management costs is mainly due to the impact of equity incentive charges. 4) single car profits
The capacity has improved significantly. The Wall q1 single car has a net profit of $204.50 million, which is a powerful product cycle for electro-smart technology, with long-term long-term sales of less than +42.57% of the chip shortage, and Eurasia's performance abroad.
In the short term, as the chip shortage eases, the Great Wall's product matrix, which is centred on the Ora Tank and Weiwei, is being used for further use, the pace of delivery of new vehicles such as ballet cat/blitz cat/dream/tank 700 is accelerating, high-end smart power is being coded, and sales are expected to continue to break over the long term.
The city has a technology-wide self-research + product definition + continuous innovation in marketing as its core competitiveness: seven major products: The Great Wall Cars (601633): 2021 Cards are fully up, focusing on different market breakthroughs and maintaining long-term competitiveness.
A review: o4 performance meets expectations, looking good at profit projections and investment ratings: taking into account the recurring internal epidemics and the continuing impact of chip shortages. We double. Keep the Great Wall “buy-in” rating.
Three major financial forecasts for the Great Wall automobile.