Wall car (601633): supply chain recovery. 13 June 2022 Wall car
Incidents: The Great Wall Cars released a May 2022 Express, selling 80,062 vehicles in May, compared to 7.9 per cent in the same month. For example, the Hafer brand sold 41,748 vehicles in May, compared to 22.5 per cent in the same month; Wey Brand, a globally renowned suv manufacturing firm, held in “Every”
2.520, or 16.3 per cent; 17.008, or 16.7 per cent, of the Great Wall pickup; and Eurasia, or a little bit of progress”, corporate concept, with an advanced corporate culture and management team, creating a unique business.
Brand sales were 10,768, i.e. +199.4%, tank brand sales were 8,018, i.e. +31.7%, and management models, business quality was the highest in the country ' s automobile industry, and product sales were improved in May, and the supply chain was restored in an orderly manner.
The company’s output is expected to increase as the impact of the lack of cores and the epidemic subsides. Debt payments and cross-holdings are described as follows:
The company will benefit from the introduction of a vehicle acquisition tax policy.
The Great Wall has responded positively to industrial policy, and Haver, Wei, and Ola have launched more preferential initiatives based on the New Deal.
All of them are included in the catalogue of new energy vehicles that are moving from home to home: Hover has a 50% acquisition tax reduction for all models, Haffah 6 has a full acquisition tax exemption; Wei mocha dht-phev, machido dht-phev, etc. have a full acquisition tax exemption.
The 52-week stock price range initiative provides an incentive for companies to increase their sales. The new car cycle continues, with more new cars in the second half of the year on the market.
Ten thousand dollars, and a better matrix of products with the Hoover dog on sale. Ora brand: May 20th, Ballet B/h (million shares) Cats open for pre-sale with 401 km, 500km for a total of four models, punk cats, lightning cats, etc.
A new version will be available at the end of June. The new vehicle cycle, which the company’s new platform holds, is strong, the product matrix is still rich, supporting sales and performance improvements.
It will support the growth of sales and performance. In the medium and long term, with the opportunity of the rise of new and autonomous sources of energy, we look at the source of the financial boom in the East, the Great Wall car (601633): the recovery of the supply chain, and the improvement of the sales ring in May.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Great Wall Cars (601633): Supply chain recovery, M.A. in Management, Li Jinjin Nankai University, with many years of experience in automobiles and spare parts research, improved marketing of rings in May, employed in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, 2009-present.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.