The Great Wall Cars: The Wall Cars published a March 2022 Express, and the company sold 100,930 vehicles in March.
Business concept with an advanced corporate culture and management team, creating a unique business.
Brand sales were 14,264, or +9.3 per cent, and tank brand sales were 8,922, or +78.3 per cent, and the management model, with the highest quality of business in the country's automobile industry, improved product sales, with overseas sales exceeding 10 per cent. Company sales in March were equal and ring sales were 8.9 per cent, respectively.
Intelligent-driven branding will continue in 2022. The proportion of corporate smart cars will be 84.5% in a quarter, and 70.4% in three technology brands, namely lemons, tanks and coffee, will be registered in 2022.
With regard to the Ora brand, the ballet cat, the punk cat, the lightning cat will be on the market for one step of the rich company's product matrix in pure electricity; with regard to the Wey brand, the Mochadht-phev, with lemon mixed dht, will be on the market on March 1, with a high-end new energy market and a dream.
The first vehicles are expected to start delivery in the middle of April; in the case of the Great Wall pickup, a 52-week commercial stock price range ($) of Kalking Gun was marketed on 22 March, with both gasoline and diesel power, two- and four-way versions.
The new model of the company ' s new platform has a stronger product power, the end-consumers have a higher degree of recognition of the company ' s new product, and the listing of the new model will further enrich the corporate product matrix.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: take a good look at the pace of the company ' s new vehicle launch in 2022, product distribution b/h shares (millions of shares)
The Great Wall Car (601633): Production rings are better than sales, and in March there were many new cars in the city, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Co. reported the Great Wall Car (601633): Better sales rings, March with a new car, Lee Jin-jin.
Master ' s degree in management, multi-year experience in automobiles and spare parts, University of Nankai, employed from 2009 to date in the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Zhang Yi Yung, Bachelor of Arts in Finance, University of Xiyang, and in 2019 in East Hing Securities, in the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.