The Great Wall Car (601633): Increase in the average price of a bicycle; increase in Māori growth due to optimal product structure; and increase in Māori growth in the Great Wall.
Event: The company 2022q1 achieved business income of $33.62 billion, an increase of 8.0 per cent over the same period; the company is a globally known suv manufacturing enterprise, with advanced firms, based on the concept of a business that “a little progress in the sky”
The industry culture and management team has created a unique business and management model, with the highest quality of business in the country's automobile industry, performing better than selling, and we believe that it is mainly due to the higher average price of the company's bicycles.
C500), Ora (Barre, Punk, Lightcat), Wey (Mochadht-phev) Debt and Cross-Sharing: Launching a high-cost single-car model, we expect the company's average single-car price to increase further.
Profit performance is robust, and the improvement in the Māori rate is largely due to product structure optimization. The company ' s 2022q1 net Māori ratio is 17.18%, compared to 2.05 ptt, the ring ratio to 1.88 pt, and we judge that the main product structure optimization is the negative impact of rising raw materials prices and a lack of cores leading to weaker scale effects.
The ratio of cars built by 2022q1 based on three technology brands: lemon, tank, and coffee intelligence reached 70.4%, smart cars 84.5%, high-profit tanks 9.1%, and product structure optimized. We believe that chip shortages and epidemics have resulted in the company's capacity not being fully released, size
The effect of the 52-week equity price range has diminished. As factors such as the lack of cores and the rise in raw material prices have improved, the level of corporate profitability is expected to build the firm’s long-term core competitiveness through institutional change and technological innovation.
Total equity/flowa share (millions) Enterprise positioning from “car manufacturing enterprise” to “user service operating enterprise” and business model to “product flowb/h share (millions)”
Products + software + services, which provide the basis for the effective exploitation of market demand. Many of the company's research and development results have followed, and current lemon dht hybrid technology, hydrogen-related technology, 3.0t+9at/9hat superdynamics, etc., are already on the product.
The long-term accumulation of core technology and product-specific product strategies are important contributions to the company’s continued transformation of electric intelligence. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies are deep-ploughing the field of electric intelligence, keeping brands up, making it happen.
Great Wall Car (601633): Improved vehicle prices, better product structure leading to growth in Māori
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Great Wall car (601633): one-car average price rises, and the product structure optimizes the growth of the Māori rate.
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.