In May, 80062 new vehicles were sold, compared to the previous year.
1. Powerful supply measures and improved sales of the ring. Company sales grew in May, with a positive yield, mainly benefiting from the following factors: the outbreak was controlled in May, the stability of the automobile industry supply chain was improved initially, and the company started its cleaning operations in the first quarter of the year.
The shortage of core parts, including chips, has been alleviated; for single parts of high value, the pre-development b-point supplier is well on its way.
Intelligent, new energy sources enter the new cycle. In May, the sales of smart cars reached 82.9%. Lemon, tank, and coffee smart technology brand sales exceeded 64%.
The first anniversary of the Hpilot system, with 6 car-type coverages, total market value/flow (millions of dollars) broken 800 kilometres and a total of over 130,000 hours of auxiliary driving, will be rolled out in the second half of the year.
A 12-month maximum/minimum ($) full-scale view, including urban intelligent pilot driving, noh with a high-end matrix with a big hit in the direction of intelligence. 2022 is the transition phase for new energy switching.
The Great Wall Cars (601633).
It has been widely recognized by the industry that the hybrid system has been mounted on multiple models such as the Wei Latte dht, Machidodht, Machidodht-phev - Reconstructing the Transformation of the Global Smart Technology Corporation, Moka dht-phev and Haverh 6sdht;
- 2022/01/23 grampehv, after opening delivery in the South-East Asian market, is expected to be on schedule in the country for the second half of the year.
The company's strategic positioning of phev as a replacement for the future fuel vehicle model is steadily going on the three-quarterly review of the Great Wall car by team White Woo, which drives both recovery and profits.
Quarterly innovation is high, high-quality growth is uninterrupted.
The threshold for the corresponding acquisition tax credit. The company ' s cumulative sales in 2022 accounted for 2.0l of the following vehicles: optimized product structure, single-car ratio of about 75 per cent, Hover, Wei, tank coverage. In addition, the company marketing sector and the company ' s sales sector are fully covered.
Large increase in average prices - 2021/07/20 Retail terminals have added more preferential initiatives, such as 100 per cent purchase of Haffah 6 tidal plates, tax discounts, grant-back commercial insurance, etc., which will drive back the sales of brands under the flag and usher in a new era
And it is expected that the epidemic will continue to perturb the supply chain.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.