Agricultural Bank (601288): Three-quarterly report rating in 2020.
Incident: Agricultural Bank operating income of 49,82.44 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, representing an increase of 4.9 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in the business of 1,653.35 million yuan, an increase of 8.49 per cent in the same year, corresponding to ps of 0.45 yuan/research assistant Tau Chul-Ass
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Agricultural banks perform almost exactly the same as other state-owned banks, with lower earnings and a higher rate of bad performance, but the growth in operating income in the third quarter has remained relatively stable. We believe that agricultural banks now have a good configurative price ratio because their valuation levels are high in the state.
As the macro-environment warms, the market’s confidence in the country’s major industries is steadily stabilizing, with a fraction of the difference between the size of the country’s capital and the size of the country’s economy.
The fears of the adjustment have been weakened, and we judge that the valuation of the state-owned major estates will be repaired after the three-quarters report. A highly attractive valuation value and dividends rate is recommended, with an “increase” rating.
A single-season income increase + 4.8%, with a smooth increase benefiting from net interest income, fees and commissions net revenue robust; and a net profit gain increase of -8.5%, with a contraction of the third quarter to 4.6%, as expected. Net interest differentials are equal to the first half of the year, with a single-quarter net rate difference of 1 bp as compared to the previous round.
Reduction of the cost of high-cost deposits to lower the cost of liabilities, with net interest differentials not significantly lower than the same period last year; we measured interest-bearing asset average balance ratio increases of 1.68 per cent over the second quarter and the same period in the previous year, resulting in net interest income remaining at 9.2 per cent; and net revenue from fees and commissions for the first three quarters of the year.
▪ Credit growth has remained stable and retail lending has continued to recover. Total agricultural bank lending (excluding accrued interest) grew by 2.88% at the end of the third quarter, almost at the same rate as in the second quarter. Disaggregated, retail lending has increased at the same rate (1.7% and 2.95%, respectively), and retail lending has benefited companies in the third quarter.
At the deposit end, the company ' s total deposits (excluding accrued interest) at the end of the third quarter grew by 1.99 per cent, but current deposits decreased by 0.6-54.27 per cent compared to the second quarter, reflecting strong competition in the deposit market, consistent with industry trends.
At the end of the three quarters, the agricultural banks continued to run 9 bp to 1.52%, up 12 bp from the beginning.
By contrast, the company ' s exposure is relatively late, with a marked increase in the rate of non-performing loans in the third quarter. In the case of an upswing rate and a reduction in the credit impairment ring, the level of coverage at the end of the third quarter is between 12.53 pct and 272.4 per cent lower, and the company ' s level of coverage is still the highest in the country.
With a net increase of $18,468 million and a reduction of $2,067 million in the ring over the second quarter, we judge that three quarters of poor pressure has released, followed by steady macroeconomic upwards, the uncertainty about the quality of State-owned estates will gradually weaken, and asset quality risks are expected to be phased out in the first half of next year.
The cumulative net difference is a statement disclosure value; the single-season difference is a measurement value.