Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Market expansion and cost reduction open up space for performance growth Business start-up strategies are effective, with a significant one-quarter round and same-year rise in performance.
q2 Q2 Q2 QD1,269 million, q/q21.86 per cent, y/y39.92 per cent; Q2 net profit companies actively marketed, demand continued to be good, the dollar exchange rate rose, etc.
Prices showed a steady downward trend from last year’s heights, with Europe and the United States showing a normal epidemic, a steady economic recovery and a positive boost to the company’s supply chain and marketing of its products. The desktop communications terminal’s sip phone tap business; the conference product provides a one-stop solution to the audio video cloud+end
The main products of the company’s desktop communications terminal are the sip, dect and teams. According to frost&sullivan, the company’s sip phone has been worldwide for four consecutive years since 2017.
The city was the first with 34.3 per cent in 2020 and is expected to continue to benefit from the digital economy; the company network meeting product was sufficient to cover large, medium and small conference scenes, and the smart meeting room solution was launched in 2021, providing overall assurance of the excellence of the overall solution and ensuring better usership
The software platform’s mame market is well expanded, and will drive the sale of hardware products such as meeting screens, desktop terminals, etc. Cloud office end products are constantly rich, and strategic investments are made to boost production.
Lower cloud office end products are still growing at a high rate, and revenue is expected to grow faster in the second half of the year as the shortage of raw materials eases. In June, the United States-Category Fund's strategic investment in intelligence, human voice interactive competitions is expected to increase the competitiveness of corporate products in terms of intelligent noise reduction, semantic recognition, and intelligence.
The company’s performance is expected to increase by 25% over the next three years, with a proliferation of overseas epidemics; exchange rate fluctuations; a slowdown in market demand at the tip; and a much lower cost than the competitor, net.
Interest rates are on a downward trend and high net interest rates are not sustainable; there are still risks to the sustainable operation of distributors and the contribution of distributors to company performance, based on a study of the 2020 certificate return.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment