Performance was higher than expected, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre built long-term competitiveness and achieved a net return profit of $1.13 billion, or +41 per cent, close to the performance forecast.
Downstream markets are opening up effectively and net revenue continues to rise. The first half of the year was very productive, downstream demand continued to improve, revenue and net profits grew faster, $2.34 billion was raised in the first half of the year, and the rise in the exchange rate has had a positive impact, with the Māori ratio of H1 rising by 0.3 pp over last year's full year.
61.9% net interest rate is an increase of 4.7 pp, or 48.6%, compared to last year’s year, and the company’s increase in size has led to an increase in the speed of the three major operations and the consolidation of communications poles. With regard to the telephone terminal, the global epidemic has subsided, the demand for office space has warmed, and the company’s desktop communications terminal has generated $1.52 billion in the first half of the year, a year-on-year increase.
With regard to conference products, 32.8 per cent of the company has invested in building conference room solutions, introducing smart space management solutions, improving product matrices for such new items as the conference table board meetingboardboard, and the unified collaborative platform, yaalink ume, has received its first letter-making security certification, with the company's conference product generating $630 million in the first half of the year, a year of growth.
With regard to the cloud office terminal, the company released a series of brand-new blue-tooth headphones, which generated $190 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 85.1 per cent over the same period. In addition, the collaboration between the company and Microsoft, Zoom and evangelical meetings has been deepening, and in August, a joint release of “rooms” was launched to deepen the layout of conference solutions.
For four consecutive years, the company has maintained its sip phone first, with a strong industry leader. The R & D incentive system is well developed, and cloud-end solutions are capable of building long-term competitiveness. In the first half of the year, the public sector invested $160 million in R & D, an increase of 37.3%, and has now established Xiamen, Hangzhou, Shenzhen III.
In addition, the company has issued a business partnership holding scheme and three equity incentive schemes, which have been successfully met, effectively binding the company and core talent. In the long run, the company anchors industry solutions and maintains them.
100 million United Networks (300.628): acceleration of the uc market, surge of sip (2022-04-18) Continuing capacity-building for cloud-plus solutions, enabling government, education, multi-mixed cloud industry programmes, etc.
At the same time, the company has increased its cooperation with the executives of such conferences as those in China, China, Microsoft, and Zoom, and has continued to expand its domestic and foreign conference markets and maintain its high profitability. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.