Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
On 26 August, the BGW released its first half of 2022, yielding 2,338 million yuan, y/y 41.64 per cent; the mother ' s net profit of 1,137 million yuan, y/y41.01 per cent; and the non-net profit of 1,061 million yuan.
Downstream demand continues to improve, with companies actively opening up markets, product structures being optimized, and “Market expansion and lower costs opening up performance increases” achieved faster growth in both corporate revenue and net profits during the reporting period. At the same time, supply chain-end pressures were eased and the dollar exchange rate was optimized.
As products move to high-end integration, business headphones are expected to open up a new growth curve. Sub-business, 2.
Desktop communication terminals are generating $1.518 billion, y/y32.83 per cent. Global epidemic impacts are slowing, demand is improving, and companies continue to win market shares for high-end products; conference products are generating $627 million, y/y55.76 per cent. Companies are launching smart space management solutions, meeting tableboards, etc.
The company officially released the bh series Bluetooth Business Headphones, benefiting from technical and channel reuse, and is expected to open new ones.
Combining offices is the norm, and the demand for company products is strong. According to idc, the mixed office model is becoming the norm in the country as environmental events, such as the epidemic, and digital upgrading policies.
The size of the market for the conference industry will be $30.41 billion, or 37% of the five-year capr. We believe that the conference room landscape is an important link in digital office, in which all sectors work together, in keeping with the trend towards social development.
The four major capability modules of "Hide Office" have been put together to help businesses reduce their performance, be influenced by the economic cycle, and have a low level of demand resilience. The company’s performance is expected to increase by 25% over the next three years.
Recurring overseas epidemics; exchange rate fluctuations; slowdown in market demand at the tip; cost far below competitor, net interest rate downwards and whether high net interest rate is sustainable; study of 2020 certificate return, dealer
There are still risks to sustainable operations and the contribution of distributors to the performance of companies. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as the average market investment