The competitiveness of the product has been steadily improving, and the profits of the joint network (300,628) has been growing rapidly.
As the impact of the epidemic on global economic activity diminishes, the demand for desktop communication terminals continues to warm, with a steady increase in the competitiveness of the products: according to the sub-operation line, the company’s desktop communications terminal achieved operating income of 1,518 million yuan (yoy+32.83 per cent), while traditional operations continue to grow at a relatively high rate.
The competitiveness of high-end markets is still improving. The meeting product generated operating revenues of $627 million (yoy+55.76%), the company constantly expanding the product matrix around the conference room landscape, upgrading the capacity of the conference room solution, and introducing smart space management solutions, meeting tableboards, etc.
A new product for smart office, further optimizing the user’s experience of communication and collaboration. Cloud office terminals are operating at $192 million (yoy+85.07%), and companies have officially released the bh series of bluetooth business earphones in the first half of the year, further expanding the product and product patterns of the line and upgrading the areas of communication and collaboration.
Overall product capacity Product upgrading plus exchange rate increases, and company profits are expected to remain high: in the long run, the Māori ratio at the company's hardware end will probably remain high. As companies integrate their communications product share increases in the future, public sector firms will be able to increase their share of the total amount of their products.
At a time when more than 90% of the company’s products are sold overseas, the Māori rate is more relevant to the exchange rate. This year’s China-United States exchange rate will also boost this year’s corporate profitability.
With the impetus of this, we believe that companies have long-term investment values, taking into account the easing of pressure at the end of the supply chain and the rise in the dollar exchange rate, and that the company ' s short-term performance is growing with greater certainty.
Oh Gen-hsing.