China's Great Stone (600176) Construction materials
• Events: 3-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2024, with the company achieving a gross operating income of $11.63 billion in the first three quarters, fully exploiting its flagship advantages and continuously expanding its revenue collection channels. 1) Product structure: the company is global first in many areas, such as heat-fixing of the bra, heat-plastic enhancement, electronic kimonos, wind-shares, etc., with strong leadership positions;
Increase the layout and input of medium- and high-end applications such as wind power, light-quantization of cars, electrical and electronics, promote product high-end transformation and continuously optimize product structure. 2) Downstream clients: continuously increase R & D inputs, dedicated to high-performance products in areas such as offshore wind power, photovoltaic border frames, car battery cartridges, hydrogen gas storage tanks, etc.
Solutions, downstream applications continue to widen; the region actively expands overseas markets, continuously deepens the global profile, forges strategic partnerships with a number of internationally recognized businesses, and continues to open up new sources of income growth. Industrial capacity expands, the supply and demand stages are dysfunctional, product prices are consistently lower, and the Māori rate drops by 4.3 percentage points on the same basis.
The product structure is excellent, and the combination of advantages is strong. The firm has a strong edge in size, a significant cost advantage, a more competitive technology, a continuous optimization of the product structure, and a growing combination of competitiveness. 1) The firm, as a leader in the fibre-optics industry, is among the top global players in many product-segregation areas, with significant scale and cost advantages, and continues to push.
(ii) The company has a strong interest in innovative research and development, with 100 per cent autonomous core intellectual property rights (IPRs) on key technologies and packages such as mega-pool kilns, high-performance glass formulations, leachate formulations: the public-sector e9 fibre-optic products are now at the top of the industry, technological barriers continue to be strengthened, and technological competitive advantages are prominent.
3) In response to the weakness of downstream demand in the industry, and while continuing to strengthen the absolute advantages of the Probarian industry, it has gradually developed its comparative advantages in the field of restoration materials and has developed new applications: it has stepped up its efforts to promote globalization, to actively expand its domestic and foreign customers, and to expand its income growth sources. The current prices of Probarian sales have stopped at a steady pace.
In view of the recovery in demand in downstream industries, sales prices are expected to pick up, and companies will benefit significantly as industry leaders. 1.1 Boughtheads, global fibres, have a strong competitive advantage. China’s Great Stone, founded in 1993, focuses on the creation of fibreglass and products.
The company has six production bases, across Zhejiang, Jiang Xixijiang, Sichuan Chengdu, Jiang Suhuayan (under construction), Suez, Egypt, and Nanka, United States of America, and now has more than 20 production lines in large-scale pond kilns and 2.6 million tons of annual production capacity.
Rich, covering more than 20 major categories and more than 3,000 species of specifications, are the world’s best-developed professional manufacturers of fibre-optic industry varieties, with strong product and technology competitiveness. Companies have established overseas sales companies, global distribution networks covering more than 100 countries and regions in North America, the Middle East, Europe, etc., and customer relations are stable.
Figure 1: Corporate development has been a process of convergence, leading the way in the global layout. China’s giant rock equity is firmly structured, with the first shareholder being China’s build-up-stock (which belongs to China’s construction-building-building-building-group) with 26.97% of the share, and the second shareholder being Jinseok Zhang, the founder of the company.
Companies have a strong competitive advantage by fully integrating strong powers and flexible mechanisms of private enterprise. Companies are dedicated to the Probarian industry, mainly through their wholly-owned subsidiaries, the Stones Group.
Figure 2: The corporate equity structure 1.2 is widely applied downstream, with stable competition patterns
Material is one of the priority areas for the development of new materials in the country. The fibreglass is characterized by high mechanical strength, good insulation, good corrosion tolerance and lightweight, and is therefore widely used in wind blades, auto manufacturing, orbital traffic, electronic communications, household appliances, building materials, industrial cans, aerospace, etc.
The rich industry is characterized by a high level of investment and technical barriers, which has led to a high concentration of global fibres, which has led to a more visible pattern of competition. International remixing, China Stone, Tarzan Fibre, United States Owensconin, Japan Electric Nitrogen Company (neg), Shandong Fibres, the six largest producers of fibres.
The country’s three largest producers together account for about 70% of the world’s annual production capacity, and the country’s three largest producers account for about 63% of the country’s annual production capacity. Focusing on the owner industry, downstream customers continue to expand.
The company has a high focus on production and marketing of fibres and products, which accounted for 99.1% of sales in 2023, and has a wide variety of products, including several high-quality products such as non-alkali fibres, such as barbarous veils, short-cut silks, short cuts, squares, fabrics, and electronic fabrics, which account for more than 80% of high-end products.
Applications for construction materials, electrical appliances, chemical preservation, transportation, energy conservation and environmental protection are widely applied downstream. On the regional level, the company has established more than a dozen overseas trading companies, such as the United States of America, the United States of America and Canada, to promote internationalization, with 37.27% of the company ' s overseas revenues in 2023 and growing empty.
For the sake of soundness, the boom in demand in the wind and electricity sector in 2021-2022 led to a sharp jump in the value of the fibre-optics industry and a marked leap in corporate performance. Since 2023, the production capacity of the fibre and fibre industry has been released, adding downstream demand to the macro-environmental impact has increased over time, and the net profit growth to the mother has increased by 6.4 per cent, and the ring has been significantly narrower.
It's a great advantage to step up technology research and development, actively expand to high-end applications, continuously optimize product structures, and constantly open new applications, taping new demand increases, and expecting companies to continue to turn up.
Assumption 1: As firms scale up their R&D efforts, they will continue to expand their niches and make full use of a combination of competitive advantages.
China’s Great Stone focuses on fibreglass and products, and here is the selection of four comparable companies for the bobble industry: further technology, Chinese technology, Shandong fibre, and Changhai shares, with an average of 46 times the number of pe in 2024-2026, 16 times the number of pe in 2024-2026, and a firm leader in the corporate sector, with clear advantages, which will reap the dividends of industrial recovery and market concentration.
In addition, companies have continued to increase their investment in research and development and are committed to providing high-performance product solutions in areas such as wind power, light-voltage border frames, car battery boxes, hydrogen storage tanks, downstream applications.
In general, firms have a strong overall competitive advantage in the bovine industry, with a recovery in downstream demand and a sustained recovery in product sales prices, and their performance will be significantly repaired, with 21 times higher than in 2025.
1) Risks of a significant economic downturn: Economic development is an environment in which firms survive, and macroeconomic performance is influenced by a variety of factors, with high levels of uncertainty, which will affect the pace of business growth once the economy falls significantly; 2) downstream recovery or less than expected: despite the current favourable policies in related areas, such as downstream property, policies are being put in place
(c) Geopolitical risks: geopolitics influence firms' overseas production capacity, and international trade disputes, such as trade wars, tariffs, etc., are more uncertain.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.