Persistence supermarket expectations and introduction of a new + Deep Farming Sub-market Strategy on 26 October 2020
Zhang Qiangwei net profit increased by 44.25 per cent, 19.122 per cent, 145.89 per cent, respectively, and non-net profit by $129 million, or 208.37 per cent, compared to the previous three quarters.
810 million yuan, an increase of 226.8% in the same year. 610 million yuan in contractual liabilities (original pre-collected accounts), with a high growth trend with mau: as at 30 September 2020, the company ' s main product Mau had reached 457 million, an increase of 19.63% in the same year, and 0.66% in the ring.
The monthly active users are 176 million, an increase of 23.08%, and the ring is 2.33%; mobile, the monthly active users of products such as the Golden Mountain Worm are close to tens of millions. It is mainly the companies that rely on technological excellence and product stickyness to increase the retention rate of new users due to the epidemic. In addition, companies pay customers.
The number has remained strong. ▪ Empowering the business-beneficiaries political market, subscriptions introducing channel innovation + refined tillage market strategy: Office software enabling operations, service capacity and brand influence in the country’s regional political and business markets
Upgrade, especially in the case of government operations, early release. Office service subscriptions, wps super 1 and the office in Phnom Penh (688111): Members once again try innovative models such as live tape, and open up new channels for marketing and brand promotion.
In the reporting period, the company contracted to become an official exclusive supplier of software for the 31st World Student Games, with the release of the Golden Mountain Document-Educational Edition and the formal signing of the Smart Campus with the University of Tsinghua.
2 Kim Shan Office (688111) Framework Agreement for Cooperation in the Office of Mau, which continues to increase coverage of the education sector and continues to refine the sub-sectors of the industry Steady growth, with the effects of scale
Markets. The advertising business, with the overall increase in user size and activity during the reporting period, is still able to maintain the industry,3 and the office in Kimshan (688111): a significant increase in the rate of payment and a continuous increase in cloudization.
Billion dollars, equivalent to 149/102/68 times. As the largest office software manufacturer in the country, this year, we maintain a high rate of growth, driven by a combination of factors such as credit creation, online office acceleration, subscription service indicators (transformation rates, mau, user frequency).
The Division has authorized operations and subscriptions to break down the excavations and infiltrations of potential commercial opportunities in the respective markets, and maintains that Dong Wu Securities Company Limited, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities