Continuing high innovation, fee conversion rates are being rapidly raised, single-season revenue continues to be highly innovative, and subscriptions to office services remain the main engine of growth.
It was reported that the first three quarters of the year saw an increase of 1.50 billion, or 44.3 per cent, and a net profit of $60 million, or more, the company was the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly engaged in wpsoffice office software products and services.
191.2%, net profit cut of $390 million, an increase of 145.9% over the same year, while earnings and profits sustain high-speed design research and development and marketing. Companies increase to industry customers.
The provision of software products, including wpsoffice office software and the Golden Mountain Phrase, with 313.6 per cent of the company ' s authorized operations benefiting from the spread of the epidemic and the warmth of the needs of the political enterprise, and based on the development of office applications
There has been better growth; subscriptions continue to maintain a high level of growth with the innovation of the diffusion approach; various types of office value-added services provide one-stop, multi-platform capacity; and Internet operations, although affected by the epidemic, remain stable as the number of users increases.
Publicly applied solutions, coupled with products and related literature, will continue to be the main focus of the company ' s long-term growth in future subscriptions, and the continued advancement of the IT community will promote media-based Internet advertising services.
Wps' penetration in the country has continued to rise, further entrenching their leader position and accelerating import substitution. pc+ mobile end mau has gone hand in hand, and the rate of fee conversion is rising rapidly. By the first three quarters of 2020, the commons mau reached 460 million, an increase of 19.6 per cent, of which the number of mobile version users reached 270 million, the same rate.
The mou has increased slightly, but income from subscription services has increased significantly because of the rapid increase in the share of user fees. We believe that, with the positive wave, the wps software of the Kimsan office has been used as a personal tool.
It is expected that this trend will continue over the long term as the value-added services of mobile end-to-end features attract new users, connect to pc end-to-end and open to members
It is hoped that the wps document translation technology will be upgraded. The company has issued an announcement that the subsidiary Jokins office is expected to sign no more than 1500 with the gold mountain digital entertainment.
A 10,000-dollar contract to add talent and technical expertise to companies in the area of AI translation, building on existing technologies to further develop Wps for file translation. We believe that the growing functionality of products and improvements are expected to lock users in the long term and raise the rate of payment, and that the competitive advantage is more evident.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: maintain a strong recommended rating. The company is expected to return 187, 121 and 87 times the total value of 2020-2022, respectively, and to maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
KIMshan Office (688111): Income continues to be innovative and the rate of fee conversion is rising rapidly, the source of Eastern financial prosperity, the source of Eastern financial prosperity.
East Hing Securities Co. reports that Kim Shan Office (688111) continues to generate high levels of income in a single quarter, and the rate of conversion of payments is increasing rapidly, Mr. Wang Jianhui
The CESM team organized a team focused on research in the areas of cloud computing, information network security, medical information, industrial software, ai big data, car networking, 5g applications, financial technology and digital money, and the application of industrial research to create value.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.