Early release of government demand, strong growth in user fees, excellent corporate performance and cash flow, accelerated recovery of R & D and marketing inputs.
In the first three quarters, the company promoted marketing. In the first three quarters, the net operating cash flow of the company was $810 million, a year-on-year increase.
226.80 In the third quarter, the company achieved operating income of $587 million, an increase of 64.62 per cent over the previous quarter, and net return to mothers of $238 million, an increase of 313.61 per cent over the same period.
High growth in office service subscriptions, with the number of live monthly users maintaining a high rate of growth The continued high growth in corporate office service subscriptions: (i) innovative models such as wps super-members trying to bring goods live, opening up new channels for market promotion and branding; (ii) educational editions of gold mountain files, plus
During the first three quarters, the number of monthly users of companies continued to grow at a high rate, and the retention rate of users generated during the epidemic continued to rise, based on the technical advantages of the public sector products and the consistency of the products.
At the end of the third quarter, the company's main product, Mau, was $457 million, representing an increase of 19.63 per cent over the same period. Of this, the monthly active user of the wps officepc version was 176 million, an increase of 23.08 per cent over the same period.
Users numbered 274 million, an increase of 19.13%; other products of the company, such as the Golden Mountain Phrase, were active on a monthly basis; software taps, sustainable growth space 2020.06.29 The number of users is nearly 10 million.
A rapid increase in the frequency of office use and strong growth in the number of pay-for-service users, early release of government operations, smooth operation of Internet advertising, business authorization of office software products, and concentration of government operations as the epidemic is gradually brought under effective control
On 29 August 2020, the company organized its second office application development.
The conference brought together nearly 200 mainstream ecological partners, including integrated agents, oa manufacturers, technology service providers, as well as electronic visas, browsers, operating systems, safety manufacturers, communications manufacturers, etc., to continue to build well-developed office ecosystems. With regard to Internet advertising, companies continue to balance their products.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, and there is much room for future growth.
Smaller, faster growth, more investment in research and development, and more reasonable use of ps valuation. Since listing, the number of user fees paid by companies has increased less than expected; the national production substitution process has been lower than expected; and other companies have entered the office software market, where competition has intensified.
Figure 1: The author of ps-band, who has been on the market since the opening of his office in Kimsan, has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.