Performance exceeded expectations, cash flow showed good performance, office in Golden Hill (6881.sh) Investment rating: buy-in (maintain)
• Both income and profits were over-expected, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. The company issued its third quarterly report for 2020, which achieved operating income of $1,503 million, an increase of 44.25 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $595 million, an increase of 191.22 per cent in the same year. q3 companies achieved operating income of $587 million in the same quarter.
The rapid growth in income was due to the high growth in office subscriptions and the release of government business demand, which led to a strong growth in office authorization operations in q3. The company ' s net operating cash flow in the first three quarters was 810 million dollars.
The high growth in liabilities is a further indication of the company's optimism about the progress of its subscriptions. Considering the division's leading position in the field of national production offices, the Division maintains a “buy-in” rating.
By the end of September 2020, the number of monthly active users of the company ' s main product (mau) was 457 million, an increase of 19.63 per cent. Of these, the monthly active users of wpsofficepc were 176 million, an increase of 23.08 per cent; the monthly active users of the mobile version were 274 million, an increase of 19.13 per cent.
The cost of individual membership is 1.81 million, an increase of 98.47% from the previous year, which is a very strong increase. Monthly users are growing at a very high rate, while paying customers are increasing rapidly, customers are becoming more sticky, the company growth logic is constantly being fulfilled, and the office subscription business is expected to accelerate further in the fourth quarter.
By strengthening product and regional service capabilities, companies actively embrace industry eco-building, and continuously upgrade the service capacity and brand influence of regional political and business markets throughout the country. Meanwhile, government demand has been released and office-authorized business has grown robustly in the fourth quarter.
Contributions reflect the expectation that corporate office authorization operations will be further accelerated.