The recovery from the giant dragon copper mine has increased significantly due to the fall in the price of potassium lithium, and the report of the incident evaluation of the Tibetan Mining Company (000408.sz) released its annual report 2023: the company achieved operating income in 2023.
5.226 billion yuan, or 36.22 per cent less in the same year; 3.42 billion yuan in net profit from maternity, with good sales of potassium lithium, a slight drop in the price of tons, and 3,215.0 billion yuan in operating income from potassium chloride, a decline of 16.16 per cent in the same year;
Lithium carbonate revenues are now $1.98 billion, a decline of 54.20 per cent in the same year; the Māori ratio The giant dragon copper mine will expand production and the potential for increased returns on copper block investment is high 154,000 tons of copper and copper in 2023, yielding 10,23 million yuan.
A net profit of $4.211 billion. The company held an equity interest of 30.78 per cent in the dragon copper industry, and the company earned $1,296 million in investment earnings during the reporting period, representing net profits from the company ' s home.
The project for the conversion and expansion of the Tibetan dragon mine II was approved by the authorities concerned. The project is expected to be completed by the end of 2025 and will result in a total of one ore selection in the postnatal period of one or two years.
More than 100 million tons will be produced, and the annual amount of mineral copper will be between 300,000 and 350,000 tons, making it the largest single-body copper mine in the country and the largest in the world in this century.
On July 24, 2023, the Mimi fault project received from the Ministry of Ecology of the Tibet Autonomous Region the project for the mining of lithium boulbium in the Mami missalt lake in Tibet Autonomous Region on the conversion of the Tibet Autonomous Region to the territory of the TAR.
Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Question Q
Field exploration work in the country, the preparation of the Exploration Report has been completed and officially submitted to the Lao Government for evaluation, while the Feasibility Study is in the same position as the exploration area of the Potassium Salt Project in Setany County, Vientiane, Lao People's Democratic Republic, with an area of 198.97 square metres.
In Lebanon, field exploration work is currently well under way under the exploration plan, but the company ' s operating income and net repatriation profits have decreased on a year-on-year basis as a result of the sharp decline in lithium carbonate prices in 2023, as well as the decline in potassium chloride prices.
In view of the significant advantages of the company ' s cost of lithium tiles, the future release of Mimi saline lakes can be expected; the Lao potassium salt project is well under way; the giant dragon copper mine continues to expand its capacity and 1) the global lithium salt lake and lithium mine is over-expected; 2) the need for lithium batteries is not as high as expected
(iii) The mining of salt lakes and potassium from companies is not proceeding as well as expected; (4) the bronze industry is profiting less than expected: 5) the price of potassium chloride fluctuates significantly.
The strategy and the six-year experience of new energy research. Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemicals, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of vendor research, ten years of buyer research experience, good judgment of industries and companies through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition
In 2023, you joined the Chinese securities research programme, Duffy: a member of the carbon-neutral group, a bachelor of science from the University of Nakayama, a master of science from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, and a three-year commodity research experience, which is responsible for research on colored and new materials.
Liu Han: I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.