Hong Kong Corporation (601995.sh)
Companies publish the 2024 report. Total annual revenue of $21,333 million, or 7.2% of the year; net profit on maternity management continues to make a breakthrough, leverage levels remain robust and capital capacity significantly ahead of their counterparts. Self-investment: reduced volume of customer transactions, and oci claims contribute positive investment returns. 2024, company tpl
Equity asset investment returns of $4.174 billion, corresponding to 36.8 per cent, have declined mainly because of the size of the off-site derivatives business, along with reduced demand for customer transactions; Oci claims investment returns of $501 million, on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the good performance of the bond market, and the related gains from the disposal of the company's 001 account have increased.
Investments: Intra- and offshore expansion has taken the lead in the overall power sector. In 2024, companies were ranked first in the market in the billions of dollars in corporate services. Corporate bonds were paid fourth in size throughout the year. Moreover, M&As were the first in China for 10 years in a row, with a strong lead.
Wealth management: Continued embrace of public fund-raising, indexation, and globalization, with buyers investing as the core of the transition. In 2024, corporate wealth management product holdings increased to 370 billion yuan, of which buyers, consisting of “China 50” and “minus 50” and “public fund-raising 50” products, increased to 87 billion yuan.
At the end of the year, there were nearly 8.5 million clients in corporate wealth management, and 3.18 million customers.
Innovative services such as “Equal 50” – at a level of over $250 billion – have kept industry at the forefront. China Gold Co. (601995.sh) – The New Era of Transformation – International Business: Matrix Management Structures for Business Development, Income as a Stable Share. 2024, Corporate Context
China Gold Co. (601995.sh) - Decline in profits, capital efficiency to liberalization of policies
Investment Recommendations: Based on the company’s annual updates on capital markets, we have increased corporate brokerage and investment recognition. Given the company’s conceptual leadership in business innovation, strong investment advantages, and good cross-border business development, it will be good to see that the company will build a moat in the new business area in the future, maintaining its “better than the big city” rating.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Corporate net profit return and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Corporate operating income and increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Company single-season net profit and acceleration (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 5: Structure of company-owned business The author guarantees that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author