On October 27, the company published a three-quarterly report, which generated business income of $21,485 million, a year-on-year increase.
32.66 per cent of the net profit to the mother was $5.372 billion, an increase of 1.02 per cent over the previous year, while raw materials prices continued to rise and industry price differentials were significantly reduced. The company collected $7.091 billion in three quarters of a single month, and the end demand was not adequately supported and the price of raw materials could not be effectively transferred downstream, leading to price differentials in the industry.
The price of coal as a whole in three quarters is high and the price of coal continues to rise, but the end polyethylene and polypropylene price ratios are down by about 6% and the price of coke is down by about 1.
Twenty-eight percent of the total earnings are significant. And the overall Māori rate of the three-quarters is about 30 percent, the ring is about 10 points, but it still maintains a net interest rate of more than 19 percent, cost control of the company, raw materials and size advantages that give the company a relatively good profit buffer.
2. "Optimizing against industry risks. Multiple areas seek to reduce the sales of polyethylene and polypropylene by 12% and 13% respectively due to demand pressure, while coke production in the first half of the year has led to a single-quarter increase in the production of coke.
3. " Focalization, gasification, two-line operation smooths fluctuations, and performance development is relatively orderly. The Inner Moon Project is expected to move forward and scale up to build the basic platform.
In the area of coal cokering and gasification, the company has basically achieved, through the layout of the Ningdong I and II projects, 4. " Again demonstrating cost control capacity, overall performance " . The route of the two-line layout of the existing coal industry, with 1.2 million tonnes of hydrocarbon production, will accompany Ningdong company in the future.
The launch of the three and four projects will be further scaled up, and the launch of the Inner Mon project will be substantial.
A good space advantage. Based on a scale-up that leads to a more profitable hub, companies can have a single platform to further expand multi-type products in the future and create a richer product range.
Large fluctuations in raw material prices, policy implications for new project approvals, project start-up less than expected, ongoing low demand yangyiying@gjzg.com.cn market related report rating ratio analysis
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment