Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) on the night of October 27, Bo Fung Energy released its 2022rd Quarterly, real in the first three quarters of 2022.
Current revenue of $21,485 million, an increase of 32.66 per cent over the same period, net return to the mother ' s profit of $5,373 million – demand and repair delays three quarters of performance, profit resilience remaining 7.09 billion in the third quarter of the company, an increase of 23.76 per cent over the same period, a decline in the ring.
The main reasons for the decline were the weakening of demand due to the downside of the macroeconomy and the inadequate support of crude oil, coal for polyolefins and coke products, with a narrow overall price margin, and the 26-day overhaul of the Methanol II and HFO projects in September by the company, which was revealed in three quarterly reports.
About 220,000 tons of methanol, about 54,000 tons of polyolefins, at three-quarter average prices of polyolefins and by-products, and about 453 million yuan of operating income, plus repair costs, combined impact Net profit is reduced by about 145 million yuan.
In terms of price differentials, based on company operating data, the main product pe/pp/carat/pure benzene as a whole is in the lower range, and pure benzene is in a strong and fast decline in crude oil prices.
The tar and mtbe rings ratio are almost equal. The main product is HDPE-ethylene/PVC-ethylene/ polypropylene-propene/mto/mol-power coal/coal-coffin/mtbe-ether c4-methanol ring ratio +4615.13%/+397.87%/+71.03%/-184.49%/-
In terms of volume, the company ' s additional 3 million tonnes of coke production was released in the second quarter of 2022, and the same/ring ratio continued to climb in the third quarter. According to the company ' s business data, the production/distribution of coke increased by 26.66/39.2 million tonnes over the second quarter.
2. [Wahyan Chemical] Power for Bounty (600989); the reason for the decline is that the amount of the rings in the rest of the products has not changed much.
Coal is mainly purchased by the company ' s raw materials and the price of coal has a greater cost impact. Coal prices remain high in the third quarter, but the ring has fallen in the second quarter, and prices of coal/coal/coal/coal-coal-coal have increased in the first three quarters, according to the company ' s disclosure.
In terms of cost control, the company's sales costs increased by 0.01 pct, management costs by 0.13 pcpc, financial costs by 0.04 pcpc, and the company's cost savings and cost control advantages were significant, and the Immon project brought future growth.
We believe that the company's size and cost control are ahead of the industry, making a profit far above the average market, while at the same time cutting costs and becoming an industry inner pole. For the long-term growth side, a three-year period of 500,000 tons of coal-based hydrocarbons will be put into production in the first half of 2023, accompanied by a quarter of a million.
(b) On 26 April 2022, 3 million tons of the first phase of the project were released for a second EAC; and on 19 September 2022, the first EAC was officially accepted, indicating that the project was imminent and was expected to be in 2025
At the same time, the environmental evaluation showed that 400,000 tons of it was replaced with green hydrogen, that the Bo Fung group had long-term green layouts, and that the industry was leading the industry out of a green carbon-reduction path.
We believe that companies also have the capacity to take into account the risks associated with carbon abatement and scale expansion. (1) Price volatility of raw materials and major products; (2) safe production risks:
(3) Environmental protection risks; (4) project implementation is not as fast as expected, and the present report is produced independently and objectively using legally compliant information, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.