The three million tonnes/year-old broth project was approved for the epoch, the coal-made dragons sailed, the company's research, the company's quick evaluation, the base chemical, the chemical material.
The company issued the Circular on the Environmentally Sounded Approval of the 3 Mt./Old Hydrocarbons Project in Inner Mongolia, November 23, 2022, by the Ministry of Eco-Environmental Environment.
On 19 September 2022, the People ' s Government of Inner Mongolia and the U.S. People ' s Government issued the Environmental Impact Report for the Project, which was officially accepted by the Ministry of Eco-Environmental Environment; on 23 November, the company obtained a warrant from the Ministry of Eco-Environment to agree to the Holdings.
Under the Inner Mongolia Project Environmental Assessment report, 4 million tons of coal-based new materials were planned to be invested in the development of a demonstration project for the integration of wind-based hydrogen to reduce CO2 emissions from the methanol process by supplementing hydrogen,
In June 2022, 1 million tonnes/year of coal-chemicals and green hydrogen-coupled hydrocarbons from phase II of the Inner Mongolia Project were filed with the UAF. The Inner Mongolia Project adopted the third generation dmto process of the Greater Mercure Institute, which consumed 2.852 tonnes/ton of methanol from the company ' s 2nd plant in 2021, a decrease of 0.033 tonnes/ton from the previous year.
Sub-publication discloses that the raw material for acetylene is about 2.65 tonnes per ton, well below the existing plant consumption in the company and industry. The Inner Mongolia project is closer to the coal-producing site, effectively saving transport costs and raw material costs, and project competitiveness is prominent. 2) Geo-conflicts are driving the climate up and traditional demand is growing steadily. Companies are based on coal selection, with modern coal-chemicals at their core.
The company currently has 7.2 million tonnes of coal mining capacity, 7 million tonnes of coke detection energy, 1.2 million tonnes of coal production capacity (with 4.3 million tonnes of methanol for self-sufficiency), 698 million tonnes of pure benzene, 1518,000 tonnes of modified asphalt and 10,750 tonnes of mtbe capacity. The company is currently building 900,000 tonnes/year of sorbium coal mines, and 3 tonnes/year of coal production capacity in Ningdong.
The project is expected to start in 2024, when the size of the company ' s capacity will be 5.2 trillion yuan Māori, contributing more than 10 billion yuan, and the company ' s long-term growth is of concern.
On 19 September 2022, the People's Government of Inner Mongolia, the U.S. People's Government issued the Environmental Impact Assessment for the Environmental Impact Assessment of the Innovative Emission Project on Green Hydrogen and Coal-Chemical Coal Coal Co-tage, Inc. of Inner Mongolia: 22 September, the Ministry of Eco-Environment officially accepted the environmental impact report of the project.
On 23 November, the company obtained approval from the Ministry of Eco-Environment and agreed to build 3 million tonnes/year of production capacity using the production process coordinated by Green Hydrogen and Current Coal Chemical. According to the Inner Mongolia Project Environmental Assessment report, an Inner Mongolia 4 million tonnes project is planned to invest 47.8 billion yuan in a phase based on 2.6 million tonnes of coal-based hydrocarbons, accompanied by a demonstration project for the integration of wind-based hydrogen by supplementing hydrogen gas.
Reducing CO2 emissions from the methanol process, achieving efficiency reduction targets, and increasing production capacity by 400,000 tonnes/year by means of green hydrogen coupling to realize total production capacity of 3 million tonnes/year. In June 2022, 1 million tonnes/year coal-chemicals and green hydrogen-coupled hydrocarbons from phase II of the Inner Mongolia Project have been obtained, or 0.033 tonnes/ton less than in the previous year.
Inner Mongolia projects are closer to coal production than the Ningdong base, efficient savings in transport costs and raw material costs, geo-terrestrial conflicts are driving the climate up, and traditional demand is steadily growing tons of coal mining capacity, 7 million tons of coke, 1.2 million tons of coal-based production capacity (with 4.3 million tons of methanol for self-sufficiency),
Ningdong's third phase of 1 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbon capacity. The Inner Mongolia project was approved and started, with 18 months of construction planned, and is expected to start production in 2024, when the company will produce 5.2 million tonnes/year of hydrocarbon capacity and increase its capacity exponentially.
The rapid expansion of the country's ultra-molecular polyethylene fibres production capacity, the maintenance of the “buy-in” rating, the company's strong edge in low-cost coal-based hydrocarbons, the clear pace of production of planned construction projects, the approval of the Inner Mongolia project epoch, the impending construction, the risk of falling product prices: the risk of tightening environmentally friendly low-carbon policies such as energy consumption and double-control: the risk that the project will not produce as much as expected: a large wave of coal prices
Ninbo Securities - Treasure Power 600989.sh - Critical Events Expedition: Coal-Cycohydrate, Coalified Dragons laid carbon neutralized. Author assured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future.