It's so obvious that green growth has accelerated with an inside-of-the-ring review.
The company issued a public announcement, dated 23 November 2022, by the Ministry of Eco-Environment, on the approval of the Environmental Impact Report for the Green Hydrogen Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Co. Ltd., issue of 2.6 million tonnes per year/year of Coal Coal Coal Coal Coating Coated Hydrocarbons project, and agreed to the Control Subsidy of Mongolia Po Fon Coal Coal Coal New Materials Co. Ltd.
In addition, the coal-based hydrocarbon project introduced green hydrogen coupling, reduced feedstock consumption and reduced oxidation.
Carbon emissions represent a further step on the path to green development for companies. Companies are domestic coal-based nuclei, with significant cost advantages, technological excellence, extensive construction projects, and in the future will move towards a more qualitative green development path and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Innermont project ED, which doubled production capacity: 3 million tonnes/yearly, the total investment in this approved project was approximately 47.8 billion yuan, with a construction cycle of 18 months, the largest coal-based hydrocarbon model so far in the world, and the only global production of fossil fuels on a scale that replaced fossil energy with green hydrogen.
The main projects include 3 x 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol device, 3 x 1 million tonnes/year methanol device (separation), 3 x 500,000 tonnes/year polypropylene device, 3 x 550,000 tonnes/year product combination
In addition to the production of polypropylene and polyethylene, the production of sulfur, heavy carbon IV, c5+, ethylene tar, and the capacity of the tons of coal-based acetylene, which will be significantly enhanced by the impurity of the project.
Introduction of green hydro-green oxygen, further carbon transformation: the Inner Mon project is based on 2.6 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons, supported by the built-up demonstration project for the integration of wind-based hydrogen (single-independent),
Replenishment of hydrogen and green oxygen each year, resulting in efficiency gains of 400,000 tonnes/year, with a total capacity of 3 million tonnes. After six months of normal operation of the project, green hydrogen and green oxygen will start to be replenished until the maximum amount is reached in the fifth year.
The company, as the industry’s leading energy efficiency pole, consumed 2.852 tons of methanol in 2021, a 0.033 tons lower than in the previous year.
Compared to the pure coal programme, the Nemon project is expected to save 2.53 million tons of coal per year and reduce carbon emissions by 6.31 million tons.
The year-to-year cogeneration project was successfully launched, and production capacity will continue to be released. The 200,000-ton/year styrene project is under construction, which aims to be completed by the end of 2022.
The coal-based methanol project is scheduled to run a test vehicle in late 2022. Ningdong IV has already been published and is expected to be completed during the "1450" period.
Corporate corporate planning projects have a steady pace, deeper integrated layout, advantage in cost and energy consumption chinaresearchdept. Profit forecasting: we maintain the profit projections, and the company is expected to achieve net results by 2022/2023, respectively
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.