Inner Mongolia's first E.C.E.E.A., which will gradually release growth Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) November 24, 2022.
The company ' s first 2.6 million tonnes/year of coal-based and accompanying 400,000 tonnes/year implanted in green hydrogen-coupled maleic hydrocarbons nearly 12 months of the maximum/minimum project was approved by the State Ministry of Eco-Environmental Environment for environmental evaluation, which is scheduled to take 18 months to complete production.
● Inner Mongolia ' s 3 million tonnes/Annual Hydrocarbons project officially landed 4 million tonnes/Annual Coal Hydrocarbons project approved by the Oldos City People ' s Government in June 2020: 3 million tonnes/phase 1 of the project (26 million tonnes of coal in the original phase) on 26 April 2022
A second E.C.A. with 400,000 tons of green hydrate-coupled acrylic acrylic hydrocarbons: 19 September 2022, E.C. was officially accepted; on 23 November 2022, the Ministry of Eco-Environment officially issued a comparison of the company ' s prices against the depth of 300 per cent.
• The three-generation dmto technology used for the Inner Mongolia project has a freight advantage at the same time.
The project uses a combined production process of green hydrogen and modern coal-chemicals, with a total production capacity of 3 million tonnes/year, the largest coal-based hydrocarbon in the world to date, and is the only global project to replace fossil-based energy with hydrogen.
The first is the three-generation dmto technology, which, according to the second epal, consumes a coal-based carbide sheet of up to 2.65 tonnes/ton of carbide. According to the mid-2022 report, a carbide plant of a carbide plant has been released. Thus, the consumption of the new carbide is significantly lower than the original project.
The Mongolian project, which is close to the interior of Mongolia, where coal raw materials are abundant, will significantly reduce the transport of raw materials. The project is only 18 months old and is expected to be completed by the second half of 2024. After the project is completed, the total capacity of the energy source of the bountiful HFO will increase significantly to 5.2 million tonnes/year, doubling the capacity of the company.
At the same time, there are 400,000 tons of green hydrogen replacements, and the Bo Fong Group, which are long-term green hydrogen industry, as industry pioneers, are leading the industry out of a green path to carbon reduction, and we believe that companies are able to follow up with a balance between carbon reduction and scale expansion.
We believe that the firm’s size advantages and cost controls are ahead of the whole industry, with profits well above market averages, while at the same time cutting costs and becoming an inner-sector pole company. The first phase of the Inner Mongolia Project will significantly increase the competitiveness of the company and the scope for future growth.
1. Profitability remains, with forward growth of 2.q2 above-expected growth in performance, looking at Project Inner Mon 3. [Wanten Chemical] Treasure Energy (600989);
(b) The construction of new projects has not progressed as expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.