Desessive, with high performance and orders, strong growth in smart driving, 10 billion cuts in revenue, high R & D investments in the future.
For the first time in a year, corporate operating revenues broke the $10 billion mark, amounting to $14,933 million, an increase of 56.05 per cent in the same year; sales of new project orders exceeded $20 billion a year; net profit to mothers was $1,184 million, an increase of 42.13 per cent. Companies continued to maintain high levels of R & D investment, which was studied throughout the year.
With 1,663 million dollars, or 11.14 per cent of the sales, R & D personnel are responsible for the total number of companies tied to Yvette, intelligent driving is expected to open the second growth curve, car electricization, intelligence, grid-connected rapid development, leading to smart cabins and intelligent driving.
The company’s product lines cover smart cabins, smart drivers, and network services, and there are three groups of products, all of which are in a fast-growing and promising phase.
The first and only company in the country that is currently entering Weida Ecology is the company that introduced the high-level autopilot control product -- ipu04 -- that achieves a level 1-4 function based on an English microchip. The company has acquired multiple project locations.
In the future, Desaisiswe will have a more competitive advantage over other Tier 1 manufacturers in terms of product strength and ecological cooperation.
The fourth generation of smart cabin products has been targeted by the project, and corporate smart cabin operations have covered more product lines, including information and entertainment systems, display modules, systems, liquid crystal meters, etc.
Modelled production and acquired new project fixes for multiple mainstream clients, such as Long Anfort, Gilly, Biadey, Broadbuses, and United Motors: the fourth generation of smart class products based on the 4th Generation Dragons platform has been secured.
In 2022, corporate smart driving sales and the size of new project orders continued to grow, rising by 83 per cent year-on-year, with new orders growing by close to 80 per cent year-on-year.
Millions of dollars. The company’s total automatic parking, 360-degree high clairvoyant, and other adas products continue to increase. The ipu04 product has already been produced in ideal, pelican, etc., and has accumulated more than 10 mainstream car companies, and has entered the production-scale climb period.
The company has commercialized its entire service product, e-ota, network security, blue whales terminal software, smart access, cabin safety butlers, information security, etc.
The company’s new generation of intelligent cabin interactive systems, Blue Whale 4.0, is already on board in a new car setup.
The product has entered a large pre-natal period and, as the product matrix is progressively refined, agile and integrated, firms are rapidly strengthening their competitive advantages and opening up greater market space, first covering and giving a “buy-in” rating.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective and fair.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.