Intelligent cockpit autopilots.
• The company issued its annual report for 2022, with sustained high performance, a net profit of $1,184 million for mothers, or 42.13 per cent for the same year, and a net profit of $1,037 million, or 26.24 per cent for the same year. In 2022, the global car market was hit hard by a shortage of chips, geopolitical conflicts, etc.
We maintain the company's profit expectations, with a new performance forecast for 2025. Companies are expected to drive, cabin, network, maintain high growth rates, and the Maori rate is under pressure.
According to the branch, in 2022, the company’s smart cabins, smart drivers, network services, and others achieved a rapid increase in the revenue of the boosters. Multi-factor factors, such as price increases for raw materials, pressure on the Māori rate, and corporate scale effects, which drive overall cost contractions, are expected to continue this trend in the future.
• Overseas business expansion + new product line expansion company front-line business is steadily moving forward, relying on pre-existing autonomous, joint ventures as the main brand client, opening up high-end brand markets and overseas markets, with new project orders selling up to $20 billion a year. Smart cabin orders break down by 10 billion, overseas.
Markets have made breakthroughs, showing screen access to popular global, Suzuki, and Sialt's white dot customers. Smart drivers, new orders are sold almost $8 billion a year, high-calculation platform ipu04 achieves volume of scale, lightweight ipu02 will launch more new programs, and sales are expected to grow rapidly, along with sensors like 4dmm wave radar.
For the new product, in January 2023, the company incubated a mass-producing car domain controller with multiple body control features, such as key access and start-up, smart air conditioning, electric tails, smart seats, etc., to simplify the zero-load reduction of wire beams to reduce the weight of the entire vehicle, while laying the foundation for future cockpit integration and central computing platforms.
Three-quarterly reports keep up their performances, they've got a smart lead in the air, they've got a good run, they've got an up-to-date medium-sized disk, they've got a high income expectations, they've got a smart car.
Accelerating Industrial Volatility - Update of Small and Medium Disk Information 2022q1 Performances Continues High Growth, Elephant Dances Highlights of Headlines - Update of Small and Medium Disk Information