Alumina shares (000807.sz) Metal material group Green aluminum booster performance
1. Aluminium Aluminium Holdings: Continuous Reduction of Aluminium Electricity and Growth of Aluminium Production for a Long Period, 2023.822 thousand yuan per tonne, Ring Ratio + 1.66 per cent, Henan Aluminium Oxide Average Price 2916 yuan per tonne, Ring Ratio - 0.66 per cent,
2. Aluminium cloud shares: highlights of the cost advantage of the green aluminium taps, 2023.5.31 precalculation anode averaged 4835 yuan per ton, ring ratio-8.89 per cent, q3 Yunnan entering the water-rich period, electric tons of aluminium oxide, 0.45 tons of precalculation anode and 13,500 degrees of electric calculations, reducing the original aluminium production
Cost approximately $1734 per ton. The company's previous phase-out of 1,232 million tons of electrolytic aluminium production due to power cuts in Yunnan began to resume production in June, was completed in August, and q3 was able to gradually release the green aluminium sales volume increase, adding up aluminium prices, major raw materials and electricity.
The cash flow situation has improved significantly as a result of the downside cost of power, the realization of a high yield on electrolytic aluminium products, and a significant increase in net cash flow of $28175 million to $2,484 million. q3-D3 combined Māori ratio has fallen by 0.43 percentage points to 15.04 per cent, and the net interest rate ring has fallen.
Deepening cost management, with interest costs falling steadily. At the end of September, companies had asset-liability ratios of percentage points, capital structure trends were optimized, q3 interest cost rings were reduced by 9.08% to $40 million, and cost management results were gradually reflected.
The low carbon advantage of green aluminium is becoming clearer. The cost of electricity during Yunnan's water-rich period is significant, with q3 electricity at a price of 0.11 degrees below q2. The company relies on its rich green power advantage in Toyunnan Province, where the share of green electricity in electricity produced in the first half of the year exceeds 70%.
The company collaborates on the construction of distributed photovoltaic power units with a current capacity of 215mw, increasing the proportion of green power while supplementing some of the power gaps. The EU Carbon Border Regulation Mechanism is operational on 1 October, and a green premium on hydroelectric aluminium is expected to be further raised.
The company has been approved to build the Green Aluminum Technology Innovation Centre in Yunnan Province, which will form a well-developed technology innovation system for high-quality development. Aluminium prices fluctuate significantly; electricity is restricted; and raw materials are on the rise.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market