\triangleright \triangleright
Aluminium re-production (000807.sz) Increases profitability and financial architecture continues to improve: volume: in the first three quarters of 2023, affected by restrictions on electricity production in Yunnan, the production of electrolytic aluminium decreased: according to the data on Kibukawa, 2023
The output of electrolytic aluminium has fallen by about 620,000 tons over the same period. Although the company’s performance was affected by the fall in production in the first half of the year, with the onset of the Yunnan season, the company’s output reduction was restored to power in June, and it is now on its way to full production, and we expect the q3 production ring to grow by about 200,000 tons over the previous three quarters.
The ring ratio fell by 8.87%.2 In the first three quarters, the average electricity and water prices in Yunnan were 0.39 yuan/kwh. The same rate was almost equal: q3 Yunnan averaged 0.318 yuan/kwh, the same rate was 0.009 yuan/kwh, and the ring was 12,441 yuan/tonne (excluding taxes).
Financial: short-term corporate borrowings dropped in the third quarter of 2023 on a year-on-year basis Aluminium prices are available, green aluminium taps are at a premium: the end of the supply of electrolytic aluminium is influenced by domestic energy ceilings, new production capacity is limited, additional production capacity of overseas electrolytic aluminium is not significantly increased, and “double carbon” and energy consumption is added.
Traditional demand is expected to improve marginally, driven by sound growth policies, with new energy vehicles in the new energy sector and light-voltaic aluminium, or will contribute to a new increase. There is still demand for electrolytic aluminium in the larger context of global green low-carbon development.
The gap will either continue to widen, aluminium prices will continue to rise over the medium to long term, and electrolytic aluminum plate profitability will continue to support.
The advantage of an electric aluminium premium is expected to emerge gradually. \triangleright Risk factor: demand for electrolytic aluminium is not as high as expected, and Yunnan's capacity for electrolytic aluminium production is limited.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
He was awarded the second place (core member) in the 20th New Wealth Metals and New Materials, the 19th New Wealth Metals and New Materials Third (core member), the 16th Crystal Ball Award Second in Non-ferrous Metals, the 10th Wind Winling, a Master of Finance, George Washington University, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for basic metal research.
White Violet, Master of Regional Economics, Gilling University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021, where components of rare metals and new materials are not, are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.