First covered: 10 years of sharpening, double-resistant adc lead business
♪ I'm so happy ♪ ♪ I'm so sorry ♪ ♪ I'm so sorry ♪
Innovation shifts to a “new global” research and development pipeline, with bl-b01d1 and bms entering into a global cooperation agreement.
The core platforms, such as systimmune, Dots Biology and the Bari Pharmacy set-up seba, gnc multi-resistance and here-adc technology, have accumulated 11 innovative biopharmaceuticals in the country since 2019.
At the bed stage, three drugs enter the registered clinical stage, with multiple drugs having global fic potential, and reading positive i/ii phase data to demonstrate corporate research and development power. Egfr*her3 double-resistant bl-b01d1 is the highest value in the history of adc asset transactions in the billions of United States dollars.
Adc shows the advantage of reducing the exposure (target to toxicity) (the range of treatments): adc from other targets can achieve better therapeutic effects (effects) by using the high expression of egfr in the tumor. At present, .01d1 has started the Chinese iii phase of clinical treatment for nsclc, npc, escc, sclc, bc, etc.
The results of the i/ii clinical phase of the above-mentioned analytics have been published in Lancets and 2023 sabcs, showing excellent early treatment effects, especially at the end of the Nsclc line, with strong competitiveness. In addition, the 01d1 clinical future is expected to support its expansion to more adaptive conditions around the world.
Sidone explores on multiple adaptive lines: 2) bms has launched a global dose-exploration clinic covering multiple adaptive conditions. The company is expected to complete it in 2025 and will submit the first bla application to fda in 2028: 3) 01d1 single drug in urinary system tumours, gynaecology tumours, digestive tracts
The end-of-cancerous line is clinically active. We predict that 01d1 will reach an adjusted global peak of RMB 11,787 million in 2034.
So-b001, which displays bright data on the egfrwtnsclc end line treated at pd1, is now in progress for six new drugs, of which 07d1 early data on her2+breast cancer show a potential for bic and is now in clinical ii. In multi-resistance, the company has initiated gnc035 and 4 pdl1*41bb*cd3*taa
Preclinical data show that the four-resistant hysteria is more effective and more widespread than the general tce dual resistance. It is recommended that attention be paid to the future progress of these drugs.