The rich and thin adc and the multi-resilient leader, working with the bms to explore the global market for gold, a model of innovation transition that has succeeded in building the industry’s leading adc and multi-resilient platforms. 1) Bae Tianheung (688506) is the first pharmaceutical industry to be transformed in the country.
In 2010, involved in biopharmaceutical research and development and in 2014 established a research and development subsidiary systimmune in the United States to build an engineering antibody technology platform (double/multi-resistant and adc), starting with 2) adc in the field of target breakthroughs in fic, and product optimizations.
B01d1 is the world's first egfrxher 3-point arc drug, which has demonstrated remarkable efficacy in multiple types of carcinogen, seven three clinical co-promotions, first adaptive.
(dc) is a strong contender with the target, who has entered the third phase of the clinical process;
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) her3 double-resistant Nsclc3 clinical stage has been initiated and multi-resistant gnc platform has been successfully hatched with maximum/minimum price within 12 months
Four fic four special antibodies, three of which are entering the clinical phase, are working with bms to develop and commercialize bl-b01d1, to further validate the value of the arc table, and to become an important competitor and innovation leader in the adc field around the globe.
1) The field of adc is promising, with market size expected to reach $151.9 billion in 2033;
The innovation value of the corporate adc platform is further proven and is expected to accelerate the development process and market expansion of products globally: 3) the egfrxher 3 target combination of bl-b01d1 does not require high biomarker expression, but rather a combination of biomarkers.
There is the potential to treat a wide range of mainstream cancers. Financial soundness provides a solid guarantee for sustained R & D inputs and market expansion. 1) Company 24q1 received $800 million in initial payments for bms, $5.9 billion in cash in hand.
It is hoped that US$ 500 million will be disbursed over the next two years: 2) Revenues from chemical and Chinese preparations provide stable cash flows to companies.
1 bl-b01d1 (egfrxher3adc): 12024esmo.3 adaptive disorders (btc, escc and uc) read out; 220224 sabcs, bc1b numerals Bc1b.
The data for the next 2-3 years will further consolidate the company's position as a global engineering antibody leader. In the adc area, the public-sector wisfic product bl-b01d1 has seven three high-impact clinical advances abroad.
In the global market, two bic products bl-m07d1 and bl-m11d1 show the same type of best potential; in the multi-resistant field, the dual-resistant product si-b001 is entering clinical phase 3 and the gnc platform has successfully hatched 4 fic-4 antibodies. We use the dcf and npv methods to value and take two, respectively.
On average, the target market value is estimated at RMB 1076 billion and the corresponding share price is RMB 268.33.Innovation drug research and development is not as expected: there is a risk that clinical development of drugs will not be successful or completed in a timely manner, that there will be regulatory approval and commercialization: a risk of policy change in the pharmaceutical industry: a failure to adjust business strategies in a timely manner
Adaptation to changes in market rules and regulatory policies brought about by health-care reform will have a negative impact on the operations of companies; macro-environmental risks: companies have R & D centres in Central America and the United States, and future uncertainties in the international political, economic and market environment may create a negative impact on the operations of companies abroad.
A thick thin-haired adc and multi-resistant tap, working with bms to dig for gold in the global market, a successful example of innovation transformation, a global leader in innovation in adc and multi-resistant platforms, and a global first-ever two-time success in the sea.
The company was one of the first companies in the country to transition from imitation to innovation, and its innovative capabilities have been fully proven. Since its establishment in 1996, it has gone through three phases: (a) imitation of the pharmaceutical enterprise phase (1996-2010): production documents for more than 100 products, such as wood, yellow and oxen, anthropocene capsules, and the production of anesthesia, intestinal nutrition, anti-infection, paediatrics, immunology, etc.
Series of products in five main areas, with a nationwide marketing system in place: 2) Innovation Transition Exploration Phase (2010-2013): Development and Technology Accumulation of Small Molecular Innovative Medicines and Biopharmaceuticals: 3) Innovative Biopharmaceutical Enterprise Development Phase (2014-present): 2014: The company established a systimune subsidiary in Seattle, United States of America, autonomously created anti-cancer drugs and adc drugs
In December 2023, companies entered into an exclusive licensing and cooperation agreement with bms for the autonomous fic product bl-b01d1 (her3x egfradc), with a potential total turnover of up to $8.4 billion.
The company’s core management team has extensive R & D management experience. The company’s president and managing director, Dr. Chu Yi, is a graduate student at the University of Gangan University of Biology and a PhD in management at the University of Sichuan, and is currently the company’s chief science officer. Dr. Jied'elia, the company’s first executive chair at Systimemune, has been working in bms for more than a decade and has planned over $40 billion in strategic cooperation and mergers and acquisitions.
Dr. Jonathan Cheng, Chief Medical Officer of systimmune, formerly Senior Vice-President of bms and Head of Oncology Development, and Vice-President of Oncology Clinical Research of Mercado. Dr. Zhuhe, Special Assistant to Chief Executive Officer of systimune, Health Sciences Houston, University of Texas, 77% of centristian core executives. As of 30 June 2024, the company ' s first shareholder was Dr. Chui, with a share ratio.
(ii) Traditional operations and innovative medicinesbd contribute cash flows, and new drug development and development inputs continue to increase. Large business blocks, respectively, are those of chemical and medium-forming preparations, and innovative biopharmaceuticals. Until 2024, bd) contribute to the company.
In the first half of 2024h1 companies received $800 million in initial payments for bms, which generated $5.55 billion in revenue and generated losses. In the first half of 2024, the company achieved $5.55 billion in operating income, an increase of 1,685 per cent over the same period the previous year, of which $220 million was earned from the sale of medicines and $5.33 billion from the commercial expansion of innovations. The significant increase in corporate operating income was mainly due to the receipt of bms based on bl-b01d1 cooperation.
The firm's net profit from the non-repatriation was $4.64 billion, an increase of $4.98 billion, and the company's ability to turn into a thick, thin-haired adc and multi-resistance head, working with the bms to dig the global market for gold, the company's research and development costs are rising rapidly, and the number of research and development personnel has risen significantly. The company continues to push forward in the development of innovative biopharmaceuticals and high-end chemistry.
The process of drug research and development has increased the introduction of research and development talent. Since 2018, the cost of research and development (R & D) has remained high, the cost of R & D in 2019-2023 (iii) adc plus multi-resistant core technology platforms, multi-dollar fic products are clinically available, and after years of sustained high levels of R & D investment, companies have built the global leading adc drug research and development platform (hire-adc)
(i) The here-adc platform is developed by companies on their own and allows for continuous adaptation of adc innovations and the development of innovative drug combinations.
Antibodies. The company has developed a platform for antibody discovery and engineering adaptation, capable of discovering and developing proprietary single/double resistance, which can also be used in adc candidate drugs. Payloads. The company has developed a top-1 inhibitor payload ed-04, and a new generation payload.
Connectivity and hierarchies. Fragmentable connections developed within the company are highly stable, with unique locational hierarchies, excellent oncological effects, most focused agglomerations, high filiation efficiency, and elevated to dar10 and dar8 hierarchies used by the rest of the adc.
(2) gnc (guidancenavigation & control, guidance, navigation & control) platform is a company-owned, multi-specific antibody development platform for developing multi-resistant, symmetrical/asymmetric structures that can target multiple and varied antigens simultaneously. (3) To date, based on the adc drug platform, the company has successfully developed seven core adc drugs for the clinical phase and has developed seven essential drugs.
In addition, bl-b01d1, bl-m07d1 and si-b001 have been approved by the ind of fda and are currently undergoing a clinical trial in the United States. Based on the gnc platform, four innovative gnc antibody tubes, including gnc-077, have been developed successfully.
(iv) Vital clinical data read out in 2024. Key clinical data read out in 2024 include: Figure 10: Vital clinical data read out in 2024.
bl-b01d1: The world's first double-target adc, with a multi-cancer potential, is a promising market in the field of (i)adc, the next-generation technology platform, is a “biomissile” for cancer target-to-treatment, with key elements including antibodies, payloads, connectors and syllables.
Antibodies (antibodydrugconjugate, addc) are a type of anti-cancer drug that connects cytotoxicippayload to a single anti-cancer drug by connecting (linker) to an anti-cancer target, which can move efficiently to the target oncological cells. The adc drug is composed of four key elements: 1) monoclonal antibodies, which are expressed in heights with the tumor cell surface.
A combination of antigens to ensure a unique combination of tumor cells; 2) cytotoxicity payloads: the active and physicochemical properties of the loads directly impact on the anti-cancer efficacy of the adc drug, and its mechanism of action is an important factor in determining adc properties (such as adverse effects). 3) connectors: connectors link antibodies and cell toxicity payloads and ensure that payloads are not released prematurely in the blood.
Instead, it is released in tumor cells; 4) the method of connecting payloads to antibodies is also a key element of the drug adc. Moreover, the development of adc also focuses on the drug antibodies (dar), the number of payloads that connect to the antibodies. Low dar reduces the effect of adc, while high dar usually leads to andc instability, full-body effects.
Added and half-lives are shorter, and can alter the pharmacodynamic properties of molecules. Adc has a specific target orientation and an efficient anti-cancer effect. The central mechanism of the edc drug comes from a payload: 1) the antibodies of adc are combined with antigens expressed in cancer cells, forming anadc-antigen compounds, and compounds are ingested/insected by cells.
The cytotoxic payload is released in the soluble enzyme, causing death or death of the cell by targeting dna or microtubes; 2) causing bystander effects when released payloads are permeable or trans-film, thus increasing the effectiveness of adc. The bystander effect can also change the microcology of the tumor and further enhance the lethal effects of adc.
The main advantage of adccc, adcp and cdc effects, and the ability to bind cancer cells to the specifics, is to suppress the downstream letters of antigens, which are expected to reduce the meds and increase the mtd and widen the treatment window. The chemotherapy is the main cure for cancer, but there are problems of limited selection of cancer cells, whole body toxicity and resistance, which lead to narrow treatment windows and treatment effects.
Limited. Important ideas for improving the efficacy of cancer drugs are to increase the efficacy of cytotoxic drugs in order to reduce the minimum effective dose (med) or to increase cancer selectivity in order to increase the maximum tolerance dose (mtd). Oncological-specific antibodies enable adc drugs to be delivered selectively to fine-synthetic drugs, with the ability to accurately transmit toxins to tumor cells without harming normal tissues and increasing treatment windows for drugs.
Figure 12: Mechanisms for the central role of drugs in drugs
To $151.9 billion. Since the initial cd33addc(go) was listed in 2000, 15 drugs had been approved globally as of June 2024, 5 of which were for haematoma and 10 for real tumors. In 2023, 15 drugs had been on the market for adc drugs of over $10 billion. Of which the highest sales income was recorded in the first three/az enhertu (her2adc), 2023
Global sales reached $2.57 billion, an increase of 104.8 per cent compared with the previous year, and according to a critical consultation, the global market for adc will reach $151.9 billion in 2033.mnc acquired and bd by acquiring core assets from overseas arc leading firms.
A total of five core products, with cooperation agreements with Aslikon and Mercado, each with an initial payment of more than $1 billion for individual products. Potential total transactions amount to $35 billion. Europe and America’s leading biotech (immunomedics, seagen, immunogen) have been acquired by large pharmaceutical companies and traded on a scale of $10 billion.
Since 2021, China Pharmacy has been cooperating with Mnc in the adc field, and the scale of the deal has been growing. In 2021, the HeradcVidisito of Yongchang was able to pay $200 million in advance, with a total of $2.6 billion in strategic alignment with Seegen. In 2022, Colombote and Mercerton made three separate deals, with $257 million in initial payments, totalling $11.8 billion.
In 2023, several Chinese innovation companies, such as Konoa/Lapp, Hensen Pharmacy, Heung Swe Medicine, and Bae Tianxin, worked together with Mnc overseas. Among them, in December 2023, the global strategic licence and partnership agreement between Bms and Bl-b01d1 reached a total transaction of $8.4 billion, the largest single asset partnership in the adc field.
The drug has undergone three generations of technological changes since its inception, bringing up the treatment window for high-level drugs through improvements in antibodies, payloads, connectors.
1) The first generation of adc uses rat source or humanized unit resistance, low payload activity, and low connectivity stability. The first generation of adc, represented by Pfizer cd33addc (go), adopts the same type of ig4 humanized unit resistance and, through acid instability, fixes the connection to the payload Cachyrocin.
Uncontrolled release and de-target toxicity. Second, Cachicillin is hydrologic, prone to antibody concentration, and has low cell toxicity to cancer cells and a lack of tumor selectivity. Moreover, go's hiccup is based on random meds based on lysine and semi-cranium amino acids, and the product dar is distributed more widely and difficult to control.
2) Second generation add to target orientation and connectivity stability by humanizing the unit resistance, improving payloads and connectors. Second generation add the same type of resistance as the cd30addc (bv) of the seagen and her2adc (t-dm1) of the Roth. The advantage of the gg1 antibodies is overall stability in the body cycle, eliminating half-lifes of 14-21 days and
It can interact with fcy receptor (fcyr) through the strong involvement of congenital immune cells, such as natural killer cells and megaphages. The use of HRUs can also help to reduce the overall immunological properties of adc, thereby minimizing the risk of hypersensitivity and anti-drug resistance (ada).
A better plasma stability and even dar distribution of children still results in inadequate treatment windows due to de-target toxicity. 3) The third generation adc is a fixed-point bond with a concentrated dar distribution that enhances the efficacy of treatment while reducing adverse effects. The third generation adc is represented by pv, ev, t-dxd, etc.
The generation of arc drugs with a consistent dar, with fewer de-target toxicity and better pharmacodynamic efficiency. 2) Antibodies, with the third generation replacing the embedded antibodies with an all-human antibodies, and with the development of antigen combinations (fab) replacing the complete single resistance. 3) Payload, with the third generation choosing the dna injury agent that can target the entire cell cycle as a cell toxicity.
The payloads, including the acetylene i inhibitors and dibenzo-diazepines (pbd). 4) connectors, in order to avoid interference with the immune system and to increase the retention time in the blood cycle, the third generation adc uses more pro-water connectors, such as polyethylene diolization.
Figure 17: Evolution of drug development in adc, despite some success, still faces many challenges. 1) A small number of proven payloads and targets limit the range of adaptive conditions. The approved adc payload covers three cytotoxicity mechanisms (microticide, dna turnover).
The combinations/alkanes and the acetylene enzyme 1 inhibitor) usually select high-expressed antigens from the tumor cells, such as her2. 2) Non-specific and inadequate payload delivery reduces the treatment window for adc. The approved adc usually includes fissionable connectors that are randomly combed with semi-cangular amino acid reduction to a single cloned antibody carrier.
Variability and concentration are common problems, which give rise to safety problems such as blood toxicity, ild, etc. The most common severe side effects (grade 3 and above) of the approved adc drug are blood toxicity, which is associated with premature release of the cytotoxicity payload to the blood loop, and partially induced immune reactions of the adc antibody may cause secondary damage, leading to renal toxicity.
Potential lung toxicity during treatment (e.g. ild) is also of concern, especially for her2adc. The new generation of drugs in the study of adc can be divided into two main categories. 1) Category I: new target and/or payload moa, with fic potential; Category II, new connection and collusive approach to ic, based on established target and payload moa.
At present, 60 per cent of the drugs in phase 3 of the clinical phase are in category II.
: expansionof type-2:optimizationof
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, broadenapplicationof opportunity windowrealtoon--
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
First-in-classpotential best-in-classpotential strategy
The newtarget+payloadmooptimizedeliverycomponents new generation adc products are innovative in five main ways, including target spots, antibodies, payloads, connectors and syllables, expanding treatment windows for adaptive disorders and expanding drugs.
Targets: The three hottest targets in the current clinical study are her2, trop2, claudin 18.2, and new targets are continuously being explored and tested, and in addition to the antigens expressed by the tumor cells (her3, egfr, etc.), the antigens expressed by the tumor microscopic environment or stem cells of the tumor are in the clinical stage (cd25, cd205, b7-h3, dll3, ptk7).
Antibodies: The first generation uses the same type of ig4, the second generation uses the same type of ig1, the third generation uses the same type of antibodies instead of the embedded antibodies, the new generation considers: 1) To abandon the traditional antibody structure and choose to connect the payload to smaller multipolar segments or single-chain variable segments of molecules, thereby reducing the molecular weight of adc and increasing the structure of the tumor
Infiltration efficiency and payload delivery; 2) use of double-resistant adc to increase antigen filiation and strength and to overcome the heterogeneity of tumours. Payload: first generation adc payloads are traditional chemotherapy drugs, such as methamidothrin, long-spring alkali and kakimoxin, second generation adc uses microtube inhibitors, and third generation adc selects dna impairments that can target the entire cell cycle, including dna injuries.
The new generation of payloads includes the topup isomerase ii inhibitor, the rna polymerase inhibitor, the bcl-xl inhibitor and the immuno-stimulators (tlr agonist, sting agonist), the protein degradation agent, etc. Connection: the connectors need appropriate chemical stability to avoid de-target toxicity by breaking up before reaching the target point;
The action point is fast cracking or enzyme disassembly, releasing payload toxins, while requiring appropriate pro-water/lipidity. The adc development uses two types of connectors, crackable connectors and non-breakable connectors. The advantage of the impregnable connectors is that they are more stable in the blood cycle, the disadvantages are that cells are less permeable and active, and the drugs have no side effects.
Connectivity. The risk of fission connectors is that the payload is released prematurely, resulting in system toxicity and lower delivery efficiency. Therefore, a subdesign that balances stability and efficacy is essential. The focus is now on developing more stable decomposable connectors, such as ggfg four-ton connectors, tissue protein enzyme-resilient tritone connectors, and beta-glucose eldehyde.
Acid enzymes, sulphate enzymes, phosphate enzymes, etc. Illusion techniques: Illusion can be divided into random and spotty bands. Random Unions are mainly based on lys and semi-cys.
Qualitative dar distribution. Semi-cangic amino coils generate better homogeneity dar products. However, these two types of combinates are not stable due to random coupling of lysine and semi-cazine residues, leading to premature release of payloads, de-target toxicity, and it is difficult to ensure that payloads are connected to consistent antibodies locations and to produce homogenous dars.
The heterogeneous properties of the heterogeneity are currently being developed, including: 1) natural antibodies are being modified for specific properties, such as chemically modulating amino acids, dithio-key bridges, sugar-based modifiers: 2) special modifiers for engineering sites, including chemical methods for introducing process-based amino acids, enzyme methods for inserting engineering amino acids, introducing non-natural amino acids, etc.
Figure 19: Next generation adc technology platform (ii) bl-b01d1: seminal egfrxher3adc, trading heavy weight with bms, egfr being a member of her family, can play an important physiological role by forming homogenous divers or heterogeneous divers.
Her family plays an important role in regulating cell growth, survival, polarization and transport (erbb3) and her4(erbb4), and is structurally similar to each other, including extra-symphoid assembly areas, cross-mural areas consisting of single chains, and caustic sulphate. Of the four members of her family, only egfr can induce an increase in tumours by congener diconcentration.
X, and her2 or her3 or her4 homogenization is not carcinogenic. Normalally, when egfr is associated with the formulation, there is a change in composition, forming a dicomb with the congener receptor or other proteins of the erbb family, and then reacts to the presence of cedar ammonia in the intra-symmetry domain, the main cascades in the egfr modifier, which stimulates the growth and progress of the tumor, as observed in a variety of physical tumors.
Egfr expresses itself. Egfr is a constituent expression of many normal upper skin tissues (e.g. skin and hairbags), and the active egfr masters stimulate the growth and progress of tumours by reacting through cascades: 1) mapk/epk route, triggering dna replication, causing cell proliferation and polarization; 2) pi3k/akt route, inhibiting cell failure; and 3) vegf downstream.
Promotion of microvascular network generation; 4) egfr-stat3 route, which has enabled stat3 to become active in many tumours. Studies show that egfr is overexpressed in multiple-entity tumors, including lung, neck, breast cancer, etc. egfr has become an important research target for oncological drugs.
For small molecules, egfr-tki has become the standard therapy for egfrmnsclc front-line treatment, and its resistance mechanisms include on-line (egfr-dependents, egfrt 790m mutation, etc.)
c797x mutation), off-target (egfr-indexent, e.g. her2 expansion, mint expansion, her3 expression upwards) etc. On the one hand, Xistol has recommended treatments for cervical cancer, and its resistance mechanisms include egfr formulation tgf alpha overexploitation, access to resistance, sfk increase in activity, egfr or her2 combined and activated with her3.
Figure 23: Egfr single-resistant resistance mechanisms Chart 22: Egfr-tki signal resistance mechanisms Chart 24: egfr target-oriented drugs
Her3 belongs to her family, which activates the carcinogen signal mainly by forming a heterogeneous didenomer with her2 and/or egfr. The human skin growth factor 3 (her3) is a caustic sulphatic enzyme receptor of her family. Her 3 sulphate activity is 1,000 times weaker than the egfr and cannot form a homogeneous didenomer, so it depends on the difference between the receptor ' s s acidase and another receptor 'em.
When her3 is integrated with the neuromoderated protein (nrg) formulation, priority is given to forming heterogeneous divers with her2 and/or egfr, which will guide downstream signals, including pi3k-akt, mapk, jak/stat and src, regulating cell division, breeding, polarization, and progress of blood vessels and tumours. Her3 has been expressed in multiple physical tumors, including breast cancer (18-43 per cent),
Nsclc (42%) et cetera. In addition, research shows that her 3-high expression is associated with a lower overall survival rate. Her3 indicates an anti-drug mechanism that guides the treatment of multiple cancer targets, including egfr resistance. 1) Among her2 breast cancers, her3-expression increases can lead to hormonal therapy (hemphhin), her2-targets to therapy (crotch resistance) and chemotherapy.
On the one hand, her3 expression increases and interacts with other receptors, triggers offtarget mechanisms, activates the "by-pass route" and leads to egfr-tki resistance. On the other hand, studies show that in Ontarget
Her 3x1 her3dc is expected to become her 3-point drug in the first place. As a result of the lack of enzyme activity, her 3-point drug was initially blocked mainly by antibodies, and most of the clinically failed, such as the 3rd.
Her 3-part anti-patritumab study for egfrwnsclc did not reach the main endpoint for pfs and terminated the bed in 2016. Subsequent studies show that her3 antibody blockage relies mainly on a single her3/pi3k/akt route, resulting in incomplete signal interruptions, and therefore insufficient anti-cancer activity, and the adc drug her3-dxd (patritumabderuxtecan) is expected to address this limitation.
Her3-dxd uses toxins and connectors consistent with ds-8201, entering clinical phase 1 in 2016, and transmitting to fda bla for 3l+egfrwnsclc in 2023, based on research data on herthena-lung01 (orr 29.5%, mpfs5.5m, mos11.9m).
Her 3-dxd was found to be effective or safe. She's in three stages of clinical treatment. She's now, in the form of adc or double resistance. In clinical progress, her 3-point target is in the lead worldwide.
bl-b01d1 is the world ' s first egfrxher3adc, with the potential for treatment of pancreas, and more than 20 clinical trials are under way in Central America and the United States. bl-b01d1 is the world ' s first egfrxher3dadc and is the only one that has entered the clinical phase.
In China and the United States, more than 20 bed trials are under way to treat multiple types of neoplasms, including 7 three clinical trials, 10 two clinical trials and 6 1b clinical trials. One of the most studied adc drugs at the clinical stage has the potential to be the cornerstones of pancreatic treatment.
bl-b01d1 antibody targets are egfr and her3, payloads are new hiveline toxin ed-04, dar 8. bl-b01d1 antibodies are based on the egfrxher3 double resistance developed by the company seba platform.
Her3 heterogeneous dichotomy. Double resistance to the top-1 inhibitor ed-04, by dar8, b-configurable connectors. Bl-b01d1 is internalized and trans-shipped to the soluble enzyme. After internalization, the connection is broken to release the payload, causing the death of the cells. Cancer cells usually create resistance to treatments for single antigens, while bl-b01d1 is counterproductive by targeting the single antigens.
Figure 28: Molecular structure of bl-b01d1
On 11th of the day, the company and bms entered into a global strategic licensing and cooperation agreement for co-development and co-commercialization of bl-b01d1. The department will share a number of research and development costs, profits, and losses in the United States, and will retain exclusive rights to develop and commercialize in China and China, while bms will have exclusive commercialization and development rights of bl-b01d1 outside China and the United States.
$8.4 billion, including $800 million in initial payments; $250 million in recent contingent payments; and 3) $7.1 billion in additional payments after the achievement of development, registration and sales milestones. In March 2024, the company received $800 million in initial payments from bms.
This collaboration will maximize the clinical and market potential of bl-b01d1 globally, supported by a large amount of commercial resources available to bms, and combined with their synergetic capacity.
(iii) bl-01d1 shows significant therapeutic effects in multiple cancers, with Nsclc having a particularly good effect, including gland cancer, which has a relatively high rate of gene mutation in the egfr and significant differences in human species. nsclc is the most common type of lung cancer, accounting for about 85% of all lung cancers, and China has about 900,000 new Nsclc patients, which is beautiful.
In a Japanese epidemiological study, the incidence of egfr mutation was lower among whites than among Japanese patients (14.6 per cent vs. 51.1 per cent), while the rate of kras mutation was higher than among Japanese patients (32.9 per cent vs. 9.3 per cent). The frequency of egfr mutation was low among both Japanese and white patients, and there was no indication of racial differences (3.4 per cent vs. 1.6 per cent).
The egfrnsclc patient tki has an unmet need. There are multiple types of mutations in nsclc, including egfr, alk, and ros, of which egfr has the highest proportion of mutations. For egfrmnsclc patients, the first line of choice is three generations of egfr-tki Oshiteni (18.9m, mos 38.6 months), and after the occcn2024 is recommended as the first choice for evacuee.
Single anti-combined chemotherapy (mpfs6.3m, hr=0.48), csco2024 recommended therapy includes platinum bipolytherapist beryllium monodrome resistance, letter Dili monodynamic resistance + bellow bead resistance + chemotherapy (mpfs7.2m, h=0.51), k112 (pd-1/vegf double resistance) + chemotherapy (mpfs 7.2m, h=0.46).
bl-b01d1 for 3legfrmnsclc with a high response rate (orr 67.5%). bl-b01d1 with d8q3w or 4.5, 5.0, 6.0 mg/kg(d1q3w). As of August 2023, 40 cases of egfrmnsclc patients could be assessed, with a median treatment line of 3, after receiving at least one dose of bl-b01d1, orr with 67.5% and dcr with 87.5%.
Dor for 8.5 months and mpfs for 5.6 months. 1) pd-l1.50% of patients recommended PABL (mpfs 10.3m, mos 30m), 2) pd-l1.1%-49% recommended PABL for co-chemistry therapy, with sculptural cancer recommended PABL + merciar + platinum
chemotherapy (mpfs9m, mos22m), non-septa carcinoma recommended Pabolithol anti-violet + platinum chemotherapy (mpfs6.4m, mos 15.9m). However, pd-(l)1 patients who have advanced with the disease after treatment lack effective treatment and are currently predominantly using dosita single drugs (orr 7.1 to 24%, mos7m) and so on, there is a huge unmet need.
A positive clinical benefit (mpfs 5.4m) was demonstrated by the company.
A bl-b01d1 was used for one study of patients with standard failure nsclc. As of August 2023, 62 cases of patients with egfrw nsclc could be assessed with a median line of 3, after receiving at least one dose of bl-b01d1 single drug, orr was 40.3%, dcr was 87.1% and mpfs were 5.4 months.
In the early study of bl-b01d1 for 3l wide-stage small-cell lung cancer (es-sclc), orr is 23.1% and mpfs 5.5 months. es-sclc is currently lined soc to pd-(l)1 combined chemotherapy, with drug resistance mainly followed by chemotherapy, and currently only innovative therapy is available.
The cd3/dll3 double-resistant taralatamab of mgen obtained accelerated approval from fda in May this year (orr 23.4% mpfs 3.7m, mos 13.2m) on the basis of the 2nd phase of the single-arm clinic. In 1 phase of a bl-b01d1 drug with 3les-sclc, 13 cases were assessed, the median line of treatment was 2 and after receiving at least 1 dose of bl-b01d1, orr was 23.1% and dcr 84.6%.
mpfs 5.5 months. bl-b01d1 is good for early data for end-of-snose inhalation cancer (npc). China has about 5-660 thousand new Npc patients each year, with a combination of pd-1 chemotherapy and pd-1 single drug or chemotherapy in the back line.
b01d1 for endline npc shows good treatment, orr 59.5%, dcr 100% and pfs 6.8 months. Her2 negative breast cancer (her2-bc) patients have limited options for back-line treatment. 1) hr+/her2-bc, which accounts for 60-70% of breast cancer, et+cdk4/6i is the preferred first-line treatment, followed by other target drugs (serd, kti etc.) combinedet.
If the disease progresss rapidly and/or is accompanied by a risk to the internal organs, you can consider chemotherapy as a first-line treatment, and the joint-target treatment as a maintenance treatment. (2) tnbc, which accounts for 15-20% of breast cancer, has a survival rate of less than 15% for five years, which is significantly lower than the total five-year survival rate for breast cancer patients (31%).
In Germany, the Gosatoadol monolithic resistance is recommended (orr 35%, mpfs 5.6m, mos 12.1 m), and t-dxd is active as early research data for her2-b01d1 for her2-bc back-line treatment. The ph1/2 study for bl-b01d1 for breast cancer (nct05470348) was published by Sabcs conference in 2023.
35 tnbc patients, with median treatment lines of 31.4% orr and 91.4% dcr; 2) 38 hr+/her2- breast cancer patients, with median treatment lines of 44.7% orr and 94.7% or dcr; 3) 23 her2+ breast cancer patients, with median treatment of 4 orr 39.1% and dcr 87.0%.
(32%), anaemia (29%), neutral particle cell reduction (44%), etc., without ild events. (iv) Seven three-phase high-efficiency boosts in the country, and three-phase bl-b01d1 offshore plans to start next year are advancing seven three-phases of clinical progress simultaneously in the country.
Three clinical sessions, including 2legfrwnsclc, 2legfrmnsclc, 3lsclc, 2l+npc, 2lescc, 2l hr+/her2-bc, 2l+tnbc. bl-01d1 offshore 1st expected reading of data in 2025 and grouping of multiple cancer patients.
One study, bl-01d1, for the patients with the real tumors, was carried out in the following groups: nsclc, sclc, breast cancer, esophagus cancer, nasal cancer. The study had two different delivery options (column a and b) and three components (dose increment, dose discovery and dose expansion). Groupa was to be administered on the first and eighth days of the 21-day treatment cycle, and groupb was to be treated for 21 days in a row.
First day of the cycle. In August 2023, the study started with the recruitment of 260 patients. The main end point is tolerance and safety. According to the bms announcement, preliminary data on the clinic are expected to be read in 2025.
Figure 39: bl-b01d1 China 3 and US 1 clinical overview 40:bl-b01d1 1st clinical design in the United States Her2 and cd33addc potential best
(i) bl-m07d1: Bl-m07d1 (her2adc) has better pre-clinical data than t-dxd, with potential for bic, in the 3-stage intake of breast cancer head-to-head t-dm1 (her2adc). bl-m07d1 is one of her2adc, developed by the company itself, which links her2 antibodies to to tortop-1 inhibitor ed-04 through a decomposable link.
In turn, dar is 8. Bl-m07d1 is better water-friendly and less concentrated, and is more safe and resistant to tumours in the body. Preclinical studies show that bl-m07d1 is better than the third-combined target of her2-adc drugt-dxd in different tumor models.
In July 2024, 98 of the 210 patients who joined the group were assessed to have received bl-m07d1 treatment of 4.4 mg/kgd1q3w: 1) 45 of her2+bc patients, orr 88.9% and dcr; 16 of her2adc patients, orr 93.8% and dcr, treated her2+bc
100%; 2) 53 cases of her2lowbc, orr 62.3%, and dcr 94.3%, with four cases of ld, of which one was level 3 trae, and no drug-related deaths were observed. bl-m07d1 first three issues of 2lher2+bc (head-to-head t-dm1) and 7 new three-stage clinical developments are planned.
The Division has initiated a 3-stage clinical (nct06316531) of 2lher2+bc to assess the efficacy and safety of the bl-m07d1 comparisont-dm1 against her2+bc, who has failed in the past to receive UDPA drugs and curled beads, with the main end point being pfs, the first patient to be admitted in May 2024, and the recruitment of 268 patients in 2026. In addition, the company plans to promote 5 cases.
bl-m07d1 as a single-drug therapy in three clinical phases: and 2 co-medication in three clinical phases, involving breast cancer, stomach cancer, nsclc and her2+panc tumours.t-dxd of 2lher2+bc soc (mpfs29m, mos52.6m). 360,000 new cases of breast cancer in China every year.
About 20-25% late, of which she2+20%. About >75% of the patients are on second line after the late period of her2+bc has undergone first-line standard treatment. T-dxd based treatment based on trampa double-target is her2+bc first-line standard treatment (mpfs18.7m, mos56.5m), t-dxd based on breast-desinty03 research was approved for second-line treatment and has become standard therapy.
mpfs are 28.8m (hr=0.33), orr 79%, 2024asco's updated mpfs are 29 months (hr=0.30), and her2adc has three clinical sessions of 2lher2+bc (h2ht-dm1). t-dm1 and 3rd Communal t-dxd have been approved for her2+ breast cancer in the country, while the first-listed national production of hee2adc is prosperous.
The Vidisitos stand alone and have been approved for stomach and urinary skin cancer. The colombote a166 for 3lher2+bc Nda and the May 2023 Nmpa are expected to be accepted for listing this year. In addition, the multiplicity of products is at an advanced stage, among them, the Centrist, the Resemble Medicine, and the Colombote 1 has started a head-to-head t-dm1 for the clinical phase of 2lher2+bc3.
Figure 46: Her2adc products at the main listing/declinic stage in the country
The country has more than 40,000 new patients per year. The United States has about 20,000 new patients per year.
Hematopoiesticstemcelltronsplant, allo-hsct) is the current standard first-line treatment for aml, yet between 10 and 40% of newly diagnosed aml patients cannot reach cr after treatment at the front line, and about 50% of the patients have returned even if their initial treatment reaches cr. Thus, it is estimated that each year in China and the United States, the number of new r/raml patients is about 20,000 per year.
R/raml has seriously inadequate treatment methods, and cd33 positive patients recommend the use of adc. According to the nccn2024 guide, the choice of treatment for eligible relapsing aml patients consists mainly of target-to-treatment or chemotherapy sequences running alllo-hsct.
Treatment options have very limited benefits for the patient ' s survival, with a survival rate of less than 30% over five years. cd33 speciality is expressed in the memorized leukaemia cell surface. cd33 molecules are ideal targets for treating aml. cd33 molecules are membranes, sugar proteins, expressed in normal and malignant marrow cells, outside the blood system and hematopoieticstem.
Cd33 is rich in leukemia cells in aml, leukemia cells in mds, and mdscs in bone marrow sources inhibitors, with 85-90% of adult and child aml patients having cd33 positive behaviour. Moreover, cd33 is internalized and suitable for adc drugs.
Pfizer's adcgo is the only Cd33 target drug on the world market. For the cd33 target, the adc, single, double resistance, and dna embedded in Cachimoxin, it can identify and bind the antigen-antibodies of cd33, which are highly expressed on the surface, and form the internal absorption of the antigen-antibody composite induction cells in the cells of Cach.
After re-marketing, Pfirago kept a black box warning. Fda was initially released in May 2000 at a high dose (9 mg/m2) to speed up the approval of single medications for patients aged 60 and over (orr 30%; crr 16%) for cd33+r/raml patients.
Safety issues such as bone marrow inhibition and injection-related reactions. Once listed, go was warned as a black box by fda, which increased lethal liver toxicity and intravenous infections (vod), and voluntarily withdrew from the U.S. market in 2010 due to safety problems. After adjusting the dose and conducting a large number of clinical trials, the drug benefited - the risk ratio was finally recognized and was re-listed in September 2017: 1)3 mg/m2go
Joint chemotherapy is used for 1lcd33+aml adults; 2) 3mg/m2go single drug treatmentr/rcd30+aml adults and >2-year-old child patients (16% orr, mrs.6m). However, the black frame warning for go still exists. bl-m11d1 is cd33adc with a wider treatment window. bl-m11d1 is antibody component of jitojul.
A wild fc, the antibody component is connected to the Top-1 inhibitor ed-04, with a 10-th. The bl-m11d1 has a better tolerance and a wider treatment window compared to the Go of Pfizer, and no liver toxicity has been reported to date, as well as obstructive syndrome.
bl-m11d1 shows controllable safety and anti-cancer activity in early clinical trials. The company is currently conducting a clinical phase of bl-m11d1 in China, with the first patient joining the group in August 2023, and is expected to complete patient recruitment in August 2025.bl-m1101 has completed the evaluation of the first four dose levels in eight doses, based on the company’s Hong Kong stock listing application, and is now in compliance with the first four dose levels in eight doses.
Five dose levels were given, the first four dosage dlt was not observed and cr was observed from the third dose level. Highly heterogeneous dual/multi-resistant platform (i) immune cell bridging was a dual anti-mainstream route, and the company was highly differentiated in the line of research.
Two-specific antibodies (bsab) can combine two different tables or antigens at the same time to achieve multiple mechanism functions with synergistic effects. Two-specific antibodies (bispecificantibody, bsab) are antibody molecules that combine two antigens or antigens at the same time, using their functional properties through effect and target positions.
Molecular or viral effects; target points can target molecules or cells, etc. In the body, bsab can function in a combination or ad hoc manner, using different mechanisms of action that can guide treatments that go beyond natural unilateral resistance, e.g. by recruiting an immune effect from cancer cells or by passing a single molecular target to different signals.
By structure classification, the double resistance can normally be divided into the gg category (including fc) and the non-gg category (excluding fc). The basic framework of the classic monocloned antibodies consists of a pair of the same weights and light chains connected by two sulfur keys between chains and non-combined keys. The antibodies, functionally speaking, consist of one tail (fc) and two antigen combination points (fab) associated with the same table.
, the bi-specific antibodies can be divided into two categories: sub-types containing the gg in the fc zone, and sub-types that lack non-igg samples in the fc area or are based on fragments. The igg class has a higher molecular mass, a longer half-life, with or without fc function (such as the ability to kill target cells in adcc and/or adcp).
Region, usually with smaller molecular weights, high tissue penetration and low immunoplasm but a shorter half-life, requiring more frequent delivery. Chart 51: Double resistance can be divided into gg (including fc) and non-ggg (excluding fc) a) with fc (full-length antibodies) by structure
Disaggregated according to the mechanism of action, the double resistance to cancer treatment can be divided into four main categories: 1) t-cell connectors (tcellengers, tce) function by linking t-cells to oncological bridge. Specifically, one arm of the two-resistant molecules is combined with the tumor cell surface antigen (taa), and the other arm is connected to the cd3 Yaki in the tcr.
Links to tcr-related signals can stimulate t-cells to release perforated and granular enzymes and kill and kill tumor cells. The synapse form also leads to tcr interconnection and t-cell activation, resulting in t-inflammation of cell factors and t-cell proliferation induction.
Reducing the likelihood of resistance or providing complementary immune stimulation signals; 3) double signal inhibition (signallinginhibitor), which can cause disturbance of receptor diconcentration or combinations, or inhibit receptor activation by disrupting receptor combinations, including simultaneous inhibition of receptors such as egfr, her2 and her3 and reduction of resistance caused by oncological bycline activation; or combination of two tables of the same receptor; 4)
Others include nkce (double hemosome natural anti-cell connectors), ice (pregenital immunocell connectors), double-resistant adc, etc. Figure 52: Double resistance classified by mechanism of action has been approved for double resistance, with approximately 10% of the tube line being double signal inhibition. To date, there are 17 binary units around the world.
Of the 14 products, 11 can be classified as tce. In terms of line research, based on an analysis in a paper published in Nature in March 2024, more than 300 clinical trials currently involve more than 200 different bi-specific molecules, 75% of which are used for physical tumors and 25% for blood tumors.
Double resistance is dominated by double cpi (45.1%), followed by tce (32.9%) and double signal inhibition (10%); double resistance for the treatment of blood tumors is tce (75%), followed by ices, double cpis and nkces.
(ii) si-b001: egfrxher3 double resistance, combined chemotherapy for Nsclc entering phase 3 si-b001 is a double resistance to egfr and her3 with fc area. si-b001 is built on a four-price platform with two distinct combinations of egfr and her3 respectively. 1) si-b001 space configuration is optimized by two combinations.
The distance and angle between the bits ensures that it can only be associated with her3 after successfully integrating with the egfr. 2) si-b001 prioritizes its interaction with her3 in the normal tissue by fine-tuning the affinity of the antibodies, giving it priority to the cells (usually cancer cells) that are overexpressed at the same time as the egfr and her3. 3) si-b001 has a fc zone that allows for the immune cell.
The si-b001 combined chemotherapy is used in 2 sessions of the egfr/alkwnsclc, with 47.4% of the naon-aga subgroup orr and 7.2 months of mpfs. The company conducted 2 sessions of the si-b001 combined chemotherapy therapy egfr/alkwnsclc.
As of April 17, 2023, 52 assessable patients, the most common level 3 and above are moderate particle cell reduction (15%), bone marrow inhibition (13%) and white cell reduction (9%), and no drug-related deaths were observed. Sub-group analysis showed that 23 of the 16+9 mg/kgqw were treated in the failed second line of the si-b001 joint Dosi Tsi 1 plus platinum chemotherapy.
The number of patients treated was 43.5% in orr and 69.6% in dcr; of these, 19 patients with noon-agansclc were 47.4% in orr, 73.7% in dcr and 7.2 months in mpfs.si-b001 was used for 2l no-drive genetic mutation (non-aga) nsclc in clinical stage 3.
The company conducted nine clinical trials in China for si-b001, involving nsclc, crc, escc, hnscc, and so on. Of these, si-b001 was used in the first failed noagansclc treatment at pd-(l)1 joint platinum chemotherapy competition, which entered phase 3. The main end of the study was os and pfs, which benefited the first patient to enter in July 2023.
The group, which completed the recruitment of patients in July 2026, plans to recruit 584 patients. (iii) Multi-specific antibodies development is in the early stages of exploration, targeting cd3, taa, co-stimulators, promoting the effective activation of t-cells. Full activation of t-cells.
At least two signals are needed, with the first signal being tcr and antigen delivery cells (apc) connected to tissue compatibility complex (mhc) delivery, which can be achieved by linking cd3 and taa tce techniques. The second signal requires t co-incentive molecules expressed on the cell surface (e.g. cd28, 41-bb) to be combined with the formulation expressed in apc, thus achieving effective immunization.
The sar442257 (cd38xcd3xcd28) design of Sanofi, the combination of cd3 and cd28, provides an effective t-cell irritation, while the anti-cd38 structural domain leads t-cells to osmoma, cells and some lymphoma and leukaemia cells. In addition, 4-1bb(cd137) is the key co-irritator in the t-cell response.
The 4-1bb signal also activates nk cells and tree mutagenic cells, thus indirectly contributing to cell toxicity t cell function. The 4-1bb single resistance t irritation applied throughout the body is usually accompanied by significant toxicity, especially liver toxicity. Currently, 4-1bb anaesthetic drugs are designed with at least one additional combination point to guide t cells to reach.
Chart 58: The mechanism of action of the Sanofi III resistance sar442257 (cd38xcd3xcd28) can target cd3, taa, co-stimulators, immunosuppressants at the same time to further improve the anti-cancer effect.
tcr/cd3 triggers the need for a co-stimulation signal to achieve optimal t-cell activation and growth, while the live t-cells express the immune spot receptor to regulate the duration and magnitude of the immune response. Multiple-specific antibodies simultaneously stimulate the co-stimulation signal to the target, remove t-cell inhibition and indirectly activate the t-cell by blocking t-negative factors (ctla-4, pd-1, etc.) and hope to advance one.
Global multi-specific antibody research and development is in the early stages of exploration, due to the existence of two anticd3 combined structural domains, with a certain risk of cell factor storms (crs). The Sar442257 (cd38xcd3xcd28) in Sanofie is a three-stage global resistance at the first gradient, with one clinical session for r/rmm and r/rhhl completed in March 2024.
But, according to Sénofie's announcement, sar442257 and another sar443216 (her2/cd3/cd28) have also ended their development. Three products from four different types of antibodies, the global only Bulian, are in the clinical stage. (iv) Self-built multi-opposition platforms, with three fic molecules in the clinical stage.
Based on multi-body antibody development platform gnc, the company has developed three elements to enter the clinical and 1-ind fic molecules.gnc (guidancenavigation&control, guidance, navigation/control) platform is a fully autonomous, multi-specific antibody development platform developed independently by the company and used to develop multiple parallel targets with symmetric/asymmetric structures for multiple antigens.
Special antibodies. Based on the gnc platform, the company has developed four four special t-cell connectors to the clinical stage, of which gnc-038 (cd3x4-1bbxpd-l1xcd19) and gnc-035 (cd3x4-1bb×pd-l1xror1), entered phase 1b/2 and gnc-039(cd3x4-1bb×pd-l1xegfrviii) entered phase 1b, the first three clinical stages in the world.
Gnc-038 (cd3x4-1bbxpd-l1xcd19) focuses on blood tumors. gnc-038 has the ability to operate simultaneously at four different targets to regulate multiple immune responses to cancer cells: target to cd3 promotes t cell activation, target to target.
To date, one a/ib and four ib/ii clinical studies have been conducted covering acute leukemia and other blood system tumours such as non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
gnc-035(cd3x4-1bbxpd-l1xror1) is used mainly for haematomas and veritable tumours. The receptor 1 (ror1) plays a role in the growth, transfer, drug resistance and containment of cellular death by observing high expression in various form and lymphomas, gnc-035 is expected to be used in the field of haematoma and physical tumors.
035 The clinical test is being evaluated as a single drug for various ror1+ real and haematological tumours. gnc-039(cd3x4-1bbxpd-l1xegfrviii) has a clear validity signal for cerebral gelomas. egfrviii is the most common egfr mutage in cancers, with heights in the form of osteoporomas, ovarian cancers, breast cancer, and nsclc.
The gnc-039 target, which does not damage normal cells and reduces the de-targeting effect, is expected to be an important drug for treating all forms of cancer that express egfrviii. An i phase of gnc-039 treatment of physical tumors is currently under way in China, with clear signs of validity and safety in the case of cerebral gel tumors.
Figure 60: Multi-resistance mechanisms in gnc Figure 61: Molecular structure in gnc-038
Income generated from approved drugs includes chemical drugs (covering a wide range of treatments in the fields of anaesthesia, intestinal nutrition, anti-infection and paediatrics) €100 million, of which 381 million (same as 29 per cent) was received from chemical agents and 179 million (same as + 8 per cent) from intermediate medicines. In the first half of 2024, the combined contribution of school preparations and medicaments was $220 million.
Figure 62: Revenue from company agents 2019-2023 (millions of yuan)
Including the intravenous anaesthetic sedative “proporol emulsion fluid”, “propentol / long-chain fat milk injection fluid”, the sleeping tranquillizer “right-right metomic injection fluid”, ranked fourth, eighth and third in the Chinese market, with city rates of 12 per cent, 20 per cent and 1.2 per cent, respectively; 2) intestinal nutrients, including “medium/long-chain fat milk injection fluid”, etc.; 3) anti-infection classes, represented by libaverin particles and austrotin capsules;
4) Children ' s medicine consists mainly of glucose electrolytic bulbs and gyroscopic carotid particles. Among these, the highest proportion of proceeds from the sale of narcotic products was 243 million yuan in 2023, representing 64% of the total proceeds from the agent.
In 2023, it was listed in the national list of health-care products. According to a critique consultation, China had 17 drugs containing yellow ones, 56 of which were approved, and 7 of the same drugs, 35 of which were approved. The company ranked second in 2022 at the Chinese market, with a market share of about 30%.
The particles, which can be used either alone or in combination with the Western medicine to treat persistent high heat, repeated heat and long-term low heat, were listed in 2023 in the National Directory of Healthcare Medicines. According to the Investigative Consultation, wood-yellow particles were evaluated in China in 2022 as the most hot wood-yellow granular product, with a market share of about 92.4%.
(b) Business income (adjusted for success rate): bl-b01d1 China, with sales peaks of $12.9 billion and $20 billion in the United States, respectively.
bl-m07d1 sales peaked at 1.2 billion yuan and si-b001 sales peaked at 1.3 billion yuan; npv models were incorporated into three core tube lines (bl-b01d1, bl-m07d1, si-b001) Chinese and overseas revenues;
30 times: discounted parameter: wcc 9%; Berysian is a biopharmaceutical enterprise that has successfully converted from imitation to innovative drugs and owns adc plus multi-resistant drugs.
The data update over the next 2-3 years will further consolidate the company’s position as the leading global engineering antibody when the core pipeline is released. In the adc area, the company’s fic product bl-b01d1 has seven high-level three-stage clinical advancements, the overseas co-ops bms share the global market, the two bic products bl-m07d1 and bl-m11d1 show the best potential of the same kind; and in the multi-resistance field, double resistance.
Psi-b001 has entered clinical phase 3 and the gnc platform has successfully hatched four fic-specific antibodies. For the first time, the “buy-in” of innovative drugs has been given less than expected: there is a risk of unsuccessful or timely completion of clinical drug development, regulatory approval and commercialization;
Changes in management policies will have a negative impact on the company’s operations; macro-environmental risks: the company’s presence in a research and development centre in Central America and the uncertainty of the future international political, economic and market environment may have a negative impact on the company’s operations abroad.
Pacific Portfolio, 17th floor, 500 southeast of Shanghai, 988 St. Fung Square, Guangzhou Avenue, 102nd Pacific Securities Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report