The three-quarterly review of 2022: steady development, through cycle, steel, super-steel, super-strategy, performance re-testing. Faced with falling demand in the steel industry and rising prices for raw ingredients,
In the first three quarters, the company achieved operating income of $75,511 million, an increase of 0.73 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a net profit of $5.543 billion for the mother, a decrease of 6.51 per cent over the previous three quarters. In the first quarter, the company achieved operating income of $23.689 billion, a decline in the ring.
Delivery recognizes non-current asset disposal gains/losses, such as the proceeds of disposal of related assets, amounting to $629 million, resulting in deductions, development with clients and high transfer capacity.
Miscellaneous features, usually applied to critical components in the field of equipment manufacture, require high quality, performance and quality stability on the part of end-users for the procurement of products, so there is a higher degree of stickyness between users and qualified suppliers. The company's deep-cultivated steel industry is rich in products and provides highly customized services to customers.
The marketing model of front-loading has maintained long-term strategic collaboration with a large number of users, especially downstream industry champions. Higher customer stickyness and high-end product positioning have made companies more cost transferable, with performance stability well above the average in the steel industry.
The main applications of the company’s products include auto industry, mechanical industry, energy industry, etc., where, as market demand changes, the company actively adjusts its variety structure and increases the value added of its products. The company’s advantage in the wind power industry is strong, and the first set of 16 megawatts of domestic production is successful.
In the first six months of the year, the main axis of typhoon power was made of steel, which was the highest ever in the country and continued to be sold, with 98% growth in the volume of steel sold by wind-tooth wheels and 33% growth in the volume of wind-axis steel. The growth in production and high-end energy gave rise to room for growth.
The mid-year evaluation of China Sinte Steel (000708.sz)-2022 was: robust performance, resistant to week's construction, and the company had the capacity to produce more than 16 million tons of special steel per year, forming a chain of production along the coast.
In the meantime, the company has been increasing its research and development efforts to address the techniques and strengths of “cricket” and “cricket steel” - the tri-quarterly assessment of “circle steel” - 000708-2021: steady drivers of internal and external growth -
The aim is to transform the "fist product" into one. After the completion of phase two and three of the transformation project, the company ' s product is added.
For the Stewardship, the growth path is clear, the market is prominent, and the performance of the industry is robust, and the industry is scarce. Given the weak demand of the industry, we slightly downgrade our performance projections. The Stewardship is expected to be proven again.
In the last three quarters, the company achieved operating income of 75.511 billion yuan, an increase of 0.73 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a net profit to the mother of 5.543 billion yuan, a decrease of 6.51 per cent over the same period.
Losses and losses on the disposal of raw and non-current assets amounting to $629 million, net profit on non-mortality of $1,175 million, decline in ring ratios, co-development with clients, cost transfer capabilities, etc. Special steel products have a variety, high demand, complex process, etc., and are usually applied to key components in the field of equipment manufacture, and end-users ' material and performance for the procurement of products
There are high requirements for quality stability, and therefore there is a high degree of stickyness between users and qualified suppliers. The public sector is deep-ploughing the steel industry, with a wealth of goods, highly customized services for clients and a proactive marketing model, and maintains long-term strategic cooperation with a large number of users, especially the downstream industry’s leading customers.
Sticky and high-end product positioning makes companies more cost transferable, more stable than the steel industry, more flexible product structure, and more sustainable energy-based steel. The main areas of use of corporate products include automobiles, machinery, energy, etc., as market demand changes, companies actively adjust their variety structure and upgrade their products.
In the wind and power industry, the company has a strong edge, successfully producing the first 16 megawatt platform, the main axis of wind power, with steel, which in the first half of the year was the highest in history and continued to be the country's first sales, wind and tooth, with steel sales on wheels increasing by 98 per cent and wind and steel on 33 per cent.
With the complete completion of the Qingjia Steel Renewal Project, the company has the capacity to produce more than 16 million tons of special steel per year, creating a chain of coastal industries. During the "10,450" period, the company managed to produce more than 20 million tons of special steel per year, and there is much room for growth.
In April, the company successfully released $5 billion in debt-transferable funds, of which $1.2 billion was to be used for the “3+1” system upgrading project, and the value added of the company's products will be added once the two- and three-phase conversion projects are completed.
Lead enterprises, with clear growth paths, strong market positions, strong business performance and scarcity in the steel industry Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future