— Triennial Review 2022 of Sino-Chinese Steel (000708), Report Category: Corporate Studies, Sector: Industry and Company Department
The company recently released its three-quarter report in 2022, which generated revenue of $75.51 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the previous three quarters; the net profit attributable to the parent company of the listed company is $5.54 billion, a decrease of 6.5 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Over the years, the company has been deep-ploughing the steel industry, with a wealth of products and a clear advantage in customer service, with a variety of products providing highly customized services to clients and maintaining longer-term strategic cooperation with downstream industry leaders. On the subject of customer stickyness, the firm’s close relationship with its customers, the high-end positioning of its products, making it more cost-driven, performing.
Stability and resilience are higher than the average in the steel sector. The downstream applications of company products are wide-ranging, including cars, machinery, energy, etc. In recent years, the downstream market has changed rapidly, and companies have made positive adjustments to optimize the product variety structure to fit as well as market changes.
With the successful issuance of debt swaps, the production of two or more products is about to be released. The firm’s 5 billion yuan worth of swaps for corporate bonds began to be traded at the end of April 15, 2022.
Not more than $1.2 billion will be used to optimize the product system. The construction of the project will have a direct impact on the company's output, which will reach 39,000 tons per year, all of which will be added to the capacity of the product. On the specific product, it will include 3,500 tons of high temperature/erobic alloy, 9,000 tons of high-power steel and high-end steel.
As can be seen, the future corporate advantage will become more apparent. The government-funded securities firm, the country’s first professional securities firm, has been transformed by a financial intermediary.
After more than 30 years of change and growth, the company has now developed into a Chinese company, China Power Group Capital Holdings Ltd.,