Uttar Pradesh (002371); high performance growth in 2025q3 and high performance in the platform layout
The company focused on semiconductor equipment, which had previously generated more than 80 per cent of the total. In 2025 q1-q3 generated business income of $27.301 billion, an increase of 32.97 per cent.
The company, with its platformed layout, has achieved full product coverage in key processes such as corrosion, membrane sedimentation, heat treatment, cleaning, ion injection, etc. in integrated circuit manufacturing, in the context of accelerated national production of the semiconductor industrial chain, the accumulation of downstream crystalry mills, and increasing technological strength and market recognition.
The company’s share of the market has steadily increased, benefiting from the continued upturn in the industry and from the increased competitiveness of the company’s products, and has contributed to a significant increase in business income. The dollar, a 30,01% increase in the year-on-year ratio.
In this context, the company’s current stock level rises are driven by a two-fold dynamic: first, by proactive, forward-looking readiness to respond to the demand of the market boom in downstream markets; and second, by the key to the construction of a home-grown, secure and controlled supply chain against the background of lingering global supply chain uncertainties.
The Division is expected to sustain the growth of subsequent orders in terms of overall upgrading of industrial chain resilience, ensuring stability and timely delivery of products.The Division is continuing to promote technological rotation and product mix optimization, calibration with plasma (ccp) etching, atomic layer deposition (ald) equipment platform-type enterprises, with full beneficiary substitution.
The technology leadership was further consolidated in 2025, when the company was able to achieve technological breakthroughs in logical chips, storage waves - company depth reports, storage chips and advanced encapsulations.
In the first half of 2025, the company released two ions to improve the product matrix, improving process coverage and market ownership, and increasing the overall competitiveness of the company. Investment advice: the company benefits from the expansion of production capacity in downstream crystalry mills and a wave of national production substitution in the long run, leading to rapid growth.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.