002371.sz. Electronics group, long-term viewing of platform-type semiconductor equipment
Total operating income of $27,301 million was achieved in January-September of the year, an increase of 34.14 per cent compared to the previous year; this was achieved by 1.
The company’s products cover etching, thin film deposition, thermal treatment, wetting, ion injection, coating, keying, etc. In the etching field, the company has formed anicp, ccp, dry degluge, high selection, etc.
In the area of film sedimentation, the company also formed a whole series of pvd, cvd, epi, ald, ecp, and mocvd. The company further enriched the front line by completing its merger and purchase of the Shenyang core microelectronics.
At the same time, the Department is actively moving into the ion-infused equipment market, and the platform configuration is becoming better. Vacuum and new energy equipment operations plow high-pressure, high-temperature, high-vacuum technology, which is widely applied.
In the field of semiconductor materials, the company's main bulk sales include a variety of carbonated silicon long-crystal furnaces and single-crystal silicon growth furnaces, such as resists, sensors, etc. In the new energy sector, the corporate product matrix has covered photovoltaics, lithium power and hydrogen.
Cap: In the field of photovoltaics, companies provide core equipment such as lpcvd, pecvd and diffusion/oxidation/release; in the field of lithium electricity, companies provide magneto-controlled spam roll plating equipment for complex cumulators; in the field of hydrogen energy, they provide metal bipolars
Plate-plating equipment. By combining existing processes with semiconductor processes to expand new applications, the company has developed a new power-density load point power source for ai, data centre and cpu/gpu scenarios on the product layout and has actively simulated the signal chain product.
More than 300 products, including adc/dac. Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings.
The supply chain is blocked by friction. 0/ 0 sweep to access more services
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market