High R & D and strong incentives to build the Protector River Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Sustained high performance and continuous build-up of R & D inputs
The company maintains a high-intensity R & D strategy, with R & D costs of about 3.3 billion yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 48% in the same period.
The process coverage provided a solid basis for the company’s long-term high-quality development. The company’s prices compared to the trend of 300 depths – issuing a new stage of equity incentives – and the multi-dimensional appraisal of core teams
The company issued a stock options incentive scheme for 2025 to grant 1,047,000 stock options to 2306 incentive audiences, including company directors, executives, core skilled personnel and management cadres. The Division ' s growth rate of revenue and R & D inputs over the two indicators required no less than half the world.
The top five companies, asml, appliance materials, Panlin, Tokyo Electronics, and kla, have set a target of not less than 500 patents per year. The firm has set positive conditions for testing, which are conducive to full motivation of the core team and to the benefit of the employee and the public.
1. North China: accelerating integration of new products, flat
2. The North China Revolution: high revenues from thin film deposition, advanced ion injection into enhanced platform capacity, Botham Foundation Investment Department, etc., with eight years of buyer investment experience.
Li Mei-hyun, Master of Arts, Chinese People’s University, joined the Huaan Securities College in January 2024. He worked in the E-Computer and Telecommunications industry for four years. He was good at retracers overseas, focusing on the areas related to analog chips and soc, fpga, gpu, etc.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.