In the third quarter of 2025, the company published three-quarterly reports for 2025. The company collected $27,301 million in the first three quarters of 2025.
Liu Monjing's net profit on the return of the mother is a record high. The company won 27,301 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2025, an increase of 32,97 per cent in the same year, a net profit on the return of the mother $5,13 billion in the same year.
This represents an increase of 14.83 per cent. The corresponding figure is 11,160 million yuan in the first quarter of 25q3, an increase of 38.31 per cent in the same year;
In the first three quarters of 2025, the Department continued to consolidate technology leadership with high-intensity R & D inputs and patents. In the first three quarters of the company, R & D costs amounted to $3.285 billion, an increase of 49.89 per cent, compared to 12.03 per cent in revenue.
In the same period the previous year saw an increase of 1.26 percentage points.
At the end of the reporting period, the company’s products covered the core of semiconductors such as etching, film deposition, thermal treatment, wetting, coatings, ion injections, keying equipment, etc., with a solid collection scale, at the top of the country’s integrated circuit equipment enterprise. (1) Erosion equipment: icp, ccp, ccp, etc.
Dry deglution equipment, highly selective etching equipment and bevel etching equipment complete product layout; (2) thin film deposition equipment: complete series of physico-gas deposition, chemical gas deposition, exterior, atomic layer deposition, electroplating and metallic organic chemical deposition equipment has been formed: (3) heat
Treatment equipment: a complete series of stand-alone furnaces and fast-heat treatment equipment (rtp) has been formed; (4) wet-law equipment: the company has formed a single piece of equipment, a complete layout of the sink equipment: (5) coating of the glue equipment: the proposed acquisition of micro-equity in the core source was announced in March 2025, and the shares were completed in June
In our view, as the domestic semiconductor core, the company has a layout in the core semiconductor equipment class, except for the optical carburetor, which has a significant horizontal advantage and is expected to benefit from the advanced production of integrated circuits in the country and the national production substitution process.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.