In the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved business income of $148,699 million, an increase of 34.11 per cent.
During the same period of year, the growth rate was 36.59 per cent, and the rate of eps was $3.51, an increase of 36.58 per cent. The Māori ratio for the main business was 30.15 per cent.
Higher than 3 per cent in the industry, and given that the low base of the same year’s pipeline stock has increased demand for goods, corporate volume prices have increased steadily. At the rate of increase, the industry has seen 326.4 million total deliveries against a high base of three quarters in the air-conditioning sector, down 8.8 per cent from the same period last year.
The company’s Māori rate, net interest rate, and monetary capital of $14.270 billion remained stable for three quarters, and cash was fully available. The advance bill of $13.52 billion, down by $14.66 billion over the same period last year, we believe that the decline in the company’s advance bill of account was only part of the demand for stock-raising and that, as a result of base fluctuations, the current channels were in reasonable control of stock and that the company’s potential for growth remained unchanged in the future.
Figure 3: Income from business
Figure 10: Sales costs, administrative costs and financial costs
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. 2014-million information year: "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting Accurately in Real Estate." 2016: Research Assistant for Investment in Sky-Eye Real Estate Industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.