The company announced on November 30 that it was going to participate in the project to achieve indirect control over the Anse Group by issuing shares and paying cash, with an investment of $3 billion.
When the acquisition is completed, the company will be able to hear about important Thai technology shareholders and investors, and the company will spend a total of $3 billion on trading to buy Thai technology control and raise matching funds. The transaction will be complicated, but the results will be simple.
Shareholders and investors, specifically (if matching funds are raised successfully): the company holds 2.94% of the share in SIT directly, and the company’s 91.27% share in SIT 7.57%. In the eyes of the Unit, the Department and its co-actors will be the second largest shareholder in SIT.
This unit compares to a 300-deep trend, and after the deal, the Stewardship Technology: will gain control of the Anse Group \triangleright \tangleright \
In addition to its current business, post-trading Thai technology will indirectly hold the shareholding semiconductor. Stewardship is the world’s leading 4g/5g smart terminal innovation research and development platform, with business areas covering artificial intelligence (ai), object networking (iot), smartphones, tablet computers, smart hardware, laptops, car electronics.
Research and development design and intelligent manufacturing of smart terminal equipment, all of which are global mainstream brands, have developed partnerships with 80% of mainstream brands, and are deepening. The core asset of the Enchipo Group, formerly the Enchipo Standard Products Department, is the Enchipo Standard Products Enterprise.
The Anse Group, a world-class semiconductor standardware supplier, focuses on the market for plating, separation devices and mosfet, with more than 60 years and a half of professional conductor experience, and has formed a global marketing network. Downstream customers and partners cover cars, industry and power, mobile and wearable equipment, consumption, and so on.
Financial data show that the Anse Group was more profitable than ever to earn RMB 9,443 million in 2017, and that the combined statement for 2017 was attributable to the net profits of the shareholders of the parent company, RMB 818 million.
The three-quarter income of $11 billion, net profit to the mother of $169 million, is down from the same period last year. \triangleright is another step in the area of integrated circuits.
At the beginning of the year, the company’s top executives proposed the idea of moving into the semiconductor field. In practical terms, on the one hand, the company is close to 1.G.E. (000651: income growth has accelerated and profits have been made. For several years, it has begun to enter into its own semiconductor design; on the other hand, it has registered to form an integrated circuit company; and on the other hand, it is participating in this event.
We believe that the acquisition is limited in size relative to the size of the company; that the second is the participation of 2.G. Electrics (000651), a summary report: performance, which circumvents its own inexperience in the semiconductor field; and that the third is the quality and profitability of the Anse semiconductor's assets.
High growth, low red rates, faster growth in corporate income, stable profitability, and relatively low valuations at present. We anticipate falling demand in 18-19 industries, increased trade friction, volatile raw materials prices, and diversification of operations and investments.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Marko, graduate from the University of Nankai in 2011 and enter civil securities for strategic studies. From 2014 to date, the author has been transferred to the household electricity industry.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,