Income growth accelerated and profitability stabilized - in the third quarter of 2018, 34.11% more than the previous year; net profit return of $21.1 billion, 36.59% more than the previous year.
In the first half of the year, income grew faster, and the company's performance was within the forecast for the previous period. In the third quarter of the year, corporate revenue grew by 38%, faster than in the first half of the year.
Building the basis for the delivery: on the other hand, the dealer's motivation has been enhanced by the New Cold Year's company sales return policy; good stock-taking has been carried out at the end of the third channel. If income increases by 32% in the fourth quarter, it will be 200 billion dollars a year.
The Māori and sales rates of the company in the first quarter of the third quarter were almost the same as the same period last year, and the other current liabilities did not move much. We judged that the company had been relatively smooth in its operations in the third quarter of the year. There was an increase in the cost rate during the second quarter of the year, when the decrease in the management rate was evidently due to a change in financial policy.
A 1.2 percentage point increase. But, thanks to the same increase in the net return on changes in corporate fair value, three-quarter net companies reported a further increase in cash in hand at the end of the three-quarters (money + other current assets) of $120 billion.
The net cash flow for the single quarter is significantly higher than in the same period last year, and is more related to stock movements, client loans, and advances movements. Our model shows a reasonable level of industry stock.
\triangleright, our model shows that by the end of August there were about 20 million industrial channels, about 30 million in total, about 20 million more than in the same period last year, and about 12 million in corporate channels.
2. Summary Report on Gravity Electricals (000651): Performance: Decline in industry demand, increased trade friction, price volatility of raw materials, deteriorating patterns of competition, etc.
Retailing trends in the industry: The three-quarter retail end of the air conditioning industry slowed down, with the cumulative increase in retail sales on the line falling from 49 per cent in the second quarter to 27 per cent in the third quarter; the cumulative increase in retail sales below the line declined from 6.6 per cent in the second quarter to -4 per cent in the third quarter.
Brand averages: three quarters of the price increases in the online market have weakened, with Heir rising relatively ahead; below-line market price rises have been relatively stable. Market share: below-line market share, with a significant increase in Gérière in September, and a decline in the monthly ring ratio in the US.
Stockpiles: Under our model, the total stock level of channels stood at 20 million at the end of August, with a build-up of 8.58 million enterprises, with a total stock level of 30 million in the industry, or 20 million more than in the same period last year. In terms of total stock levels in the industry, 30 million are still relatively healthy.
Brand inventory: As of the end of August, there were about 12 million GLAD stocks, and about 3 million U.S. inventory levels (as measured by the above data for us, or by significant discrepancies with the actual situation). Figure 11: GL and U.S. pipeline stock estimates
Figure 12: Business stock levels, relatively low volatility, Marko, graduated from the University of Nankai in 2011 and entered civil securities for strategic studies. From 2014 to date, the author has been transferred to the household electricity industry.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,