Wang Wei-chul has limited influence on the United States list of entities.
The official website of the United States Department of Commerce published on 8 October Beijing time (7 October local time) information indicating that 28 entities, including 8 Chinese technology enterprises, including Heiconway, Dahua shares, were included in the list of export control entities.
At noon on 9 October 2019, the C.I.C. held a meeting on the inclusion of the United States Department of Commerce into the “Entity Clearing Company” with limited supply continuity implications: for the past two years, the company has been working on the establishment of a structured operating process and security compliance control system, including a business continuity management system.
Last year’s China-United States trade war escalated, and companies have been focusing on the impact of relevant policies and actively promoting business continuity alternatives. North dollar devices now account for about 10% of the company’s total.
Completed. Less difficult to replace backend processing elements such as cpu, gpu, fpga and some simulation product combinations. Companies will achieve essentially the same functionality to meet customers by changing product design programmes
And, in the short term, the company has made strategic supplies, leaving sufficient time for the company to change the programme. Overall, the company will guarantee continuity of supply by designing alternatives, changing product design and making strategic supplies ahead of schedule.
The short-term income end may have some impact: corporate operations cover more than 180 countries and territories around the world, are more fragmented, and are not based on enterprises that were previously listed as entities.
All are affected globally. Some of the company’s customers may be emotionally affected, and there may be short-term delays or more detailed and explicit discussions with the company, which may affect short-term revenue, but may be generally manageable depending on how the company communicates with its customers.
Consider the long-term development of the company: the company is currently planning around the ai+iot smart network, along with the development of robust computing technology, enhancing its ability to visualize and intelligentize the scene. On the other hand, the company is also building a customer-oriented data value chain that is closed, based on big data, cloud computing, software.
The capacity of platforms and data algorithms constantly improves firms’ competitiveness in the industry. Based on the company’s accumulation in the industry over the years and its continued investment in proprietary clouds and ai, we believe that the impact of inclusion in the list of entities is only a short-term swing and does not change the company’s long-term development.
Profitful expectations: In view of the potential fluctuations in short-term performance due to the company ' s inclusion in the list of entities, expected remuneration (expected return; er) will prevail, as follows: