The Māori rate has remained high and there has been a significant improvement in operating cash flows.
On the evening of 28 October, the company published its third quarter report for 2019. The 2019q3 company realized revenue of $16,428 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 9.30 per cent in the same year, and the net return profit of $1,877 million, an increase of 20.06 per cent in the same year.
The recovery structure optimizes the maintenance of a high Māori rate, with profit growth performing well The market value in circulation (million yuan): The rate of growth has improved. The market hot spots at the end of g, such as high speed etc, are public in terms of the country’s segmentation.
The Department offers purchase order opportunities, government investment in public security continues to grow and new market applications continue to emerge; end b is growing faster, companies extend from security-related business to customer operations, and into large projects such as a purse-out industry; end of smb, continuous downswing and loading in the first half of the year, second half of the year.
The results will be demonstrated; at the end of the year, a competitive product will be released in the second half of the year, increasing consumer purchasing appetite. 2019q3 companies achieved a net return profit of 638 million yuan, a significant increase of 32.53 per cent over the same period, mainly in the optimal collection structure of companies, with a 42.13 per cent increase in the q3 Māori ratio.
With an increase of 6.03 percentage points, coupled with enhanced precision management by the company, which guarantees its high-quality development, there has been a significant improvement in the quality of the refunds and a significant improvement in the operational cash flow of the company ' s 2019q3 company, net operating cash flow of $332 million, representing a significant increase of 158.22 per cent over the same period and a significant increase of 158.22 per cent over the same period.
In-depth report on the stockholdings (002236.sz): The good wind is strong, and the quality of the security camps has improved significantly.
There was an increase of 31.49 per cent and 33.60 per cent, respectively, at the beginning of the year, in which case there was still a significant improvement in the operating cash flow of the company, which we believe is due mainly to: 1) the early preparation of the company's plan, the preparation of the goods.
The company has been relatively stable; 2) Business process changes such as ltc have been continuously advanced, special panels have been set up for accounts receivable, some of the more risky projects have been abandoned, and the quality of repayments has been promoted. Security needs have been continuously released, and higher performance is expected throughout the year.
The army is growing at a higher rate. According to data from institutions like ihs, the market space for video-based objects will reach $700 billion, or even trillion, over the next few years.
It's a consumer-level market, and there's a lot of room for development. For overseas markets, the short period of Chen Tunan may have an impact, but global security needs continue to be released, and we believe that long-term growth is safe.
As policies such as snowwork continue to advance, as well as the steady decline in demand in the field of security. Companies continue to improve their channels and supply chains, optimize their product structure, upgrade their management capacity, and keep interest rates high. Given the increase in the Māori rate and the improvement in the quality of their operations, the company has been reduced slightly.
Moreover, the expected net return of profits over the next three years was 22.43 per cent, giving companies less than expected macroeconomic developments in 2019, less than expected policies such as snowwork, less than expected growth of overseas markets, risk of supply of core spare parts, increased competition, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.