The sales are still strong, and confidence is growing, and the Poly Development (600048.sh) buybacks and boosts are announced that the company intends to buy back its shares in a centralized bid transaction for a sum of no less than 1 billion dollars.
In the next six months, there will be no reduction in the company’s shareholding plan. At the same time, the company’s actual controlling party, the group, plans to increase the company’s shares by a centralized competitive exchange over the next 12 months.
The fact that there have been four previous surges in corporate ownership and repurchases, each at the firm and industry levels, shows the firm's confidence in the company and prospects for its future, while the other fully reflects the risk of further decline in current corporate and industry stock prices or in the bottom zone.
Although company sales data have declined in the same year, they are clearly stronger than those of the top 100 and other head houses, according to Creary, with a 29.4 per cent decline in average year-on-year sales across the country in January-November, and a top5 drop in average year-on-year sales, on the one hand, with market factors on the other, and property sales continuing down in November, on the other hand, pushing.
There has been no significant increase in the size of the goods, and in the case of the market, more high-quality sources will need to be added in order to secure further growth in sales, although given the company’s relatively active replenishments since this year, and the company’s current focus on the core urban areas. On the ground, the company added 83 new projects in January-November this year.
8.05 million squared, 16.8 per cent lower, corresponding to a total land value of $13.2 billion, 11.8 per cent lower, and 32.6 per cent of sales in the previous 11 months, maintaining a dynamic balance, despite the size of the company, where cities were able to upgrade or acquire lots with a greater focus on the core area, the current real estate market score.
It is clear that the value of the core cities and core areas can still be kept at a faster de-diversion level, and that the ability of companies to sustain the replenishment in these areas will be sufficient for the company to maintain its size and even to maintain it further in the future.
Sales continue to increase, keeping the industry at the forefront. So we expect companies to be exposed to risk factors in 2023-2025: real estate regulation policies are tightened or relaxed as expected. Real estate sales go beyond expectations, and targeted increases are not distributed as expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.