Peace in China (601318): The opening up of channels for additional owners and the increasing capacity of agents; the tightening of regulations; the gradual overconsumption of insurance from investment properties; the escalation of Chinese middle class consumption; the continuous injection of new business values into the remaining margins; no
China has a high market and low combined cost of safe and secure finance operations. In the event of a high rate of premium growth, the combined cost of fiscal insurance is manageable, and the scale effect is visible, leading in the same industry.
Peacebanks have taken the lead in their innovative industries, and their transformation has begun to show results. Peacebanks have been very active in building up retail banks to give customers a higher level of experience.
Safe finance technology is at the forefront of China’s financial industry. In the future, artificial intelligence will become China’s absolute advantage in the competition, as evidenced by the continuous upgrading of client experience, the efficiency and low performance of high-tech operations.
The long-term valuation of companies still leaves much to be desired.
In the first half of 2017, the company realized a net profit of 43,427 million yuan, or 6.5 per cent more than the previous year, attributable to the shareholders of the parent company; total assets of about 598 trillion yuan, or 7.2 per cent more than at the beginning of the year.
As of 30 June 2017, China was safe as the country’s few major financial-size corporations, covering insurance, banks, securities, trusts, funds, and Internet finance. Insurance is still appropriate in terms of the number of safe customers and the composition of profits in China.
According to the data published in the semi-annual edition of 2017, the combined share of customers in China ' s life insurance and production insurance has reached 60%, with a profit contribution of about 60%; the second highest is in the retail business of banks, with a customer share of about 30%, and a profit contribution of about 25%. As a guide in the area of financial innovation, companies invest heavily in research and research for financial innovation.
Technology such as artificial intelligence changes traditional financial service models, moving from capital-driven to technology-driven companies, upgrading client experience and creating value for business. Building on branding advantages, China’s personal and safe business is booming, and its profit contribution has increased significantly. In short, China’s peace has become central to traditional financial operations, such as insurance and banking, and is guided by science, technology and innovation.
Second, life insurance business: the vanity highlights the agency's core competitiveness, leading to an increase in the value of the new business of life insurance.
In the first half of 2017, the number of safe agents in China reached 13.25 million, an increase of 19.3 per cent from the beginning of the year, and the number of agents per person per month, an increase of 18.21 per cent from 2016. At the same time, the new business value of company life insurance and health insurance operations affected the growth of new business values.
The construction of proxy channels has become a competitive barrier for large life insurance companies, given the high cost and often long cycles of output after a few years, and the pressure on cash flow.
An important indicator of the developing world’s progress toward the developed world is the increase in the size of the middle class, which is the most important driver of domestic demand, whether in commodity or financial assets. At the same time, in the last few years, we have seen a rise in disposable income faster than that of cpi, and when people’s basic needs are met, we will look up for higher levels of demand.
So the expansion of the middle class, combined with the rise in consumption, will lead to a significant increase in the overall need for security, and the importance of insurance companies’ security functions will be highlighted. Meanwhile, for the last two years, the ISP has been emphasizing that insurance should return to its essential security function, so the relevant dividend policy will be implemented.
With the launch of the pilot private tax deferred commercial old-age insurance policy, the market demand for future guaranteed insurance will be unprecedented. China will be able to build on its policy dividends, improve its life insurance business structure, reduce all-embracing operations, and vigorously pursue its traditional life and long-term health insurance operations, meeting market regulatory requirements.
Figure 11: China ' s safe 2016 insurance premiums by type 2.3. The new business continues to inject blood into the remaining margins, and future profits are stablely released.
In the first half of 2017, the new business value of the company's life and health insurance operations was $38.551 billion, an increase of 46.2 per cent over the same period, with the Division vigorously developing agent channels, while the new business value of the agent channels was much higher than the new business value of the silver insurance channels; and, at the same time, the company compressed all-embracing operations, focusing on the development of traditional life and long-term health risks, while the new business of long-term secure products
The value ratio is higher than the new business value of the short- and long-lived insurance product. A strong increase in the value of the new business not only increases the value of the company as a whole, enhances the company’s valuation, but also drives the remaining margins of life insurance, while the remaining marginal amortization is an accounting profit.
In the first half of 2017, China increased its insurance premiums by 23.5%, its market share by 1.5%, and its market share is close to 20%. If insurance income is classified according to insurance, the country’s revenue from car insurance operations is in absolute control.
In the past few years, there has been a significant increase in motor vehicle holdings, which are estimated to be more than 2 trillion by the end of 2020. The high profile of the automobile industry has led to the development of related industries, and the demand for insurance has gradually risen.
3.2. In the first half of 2017, China ' s combined cost of safe finance was 96.1 per cent, an increase of 0.8 per cent from the previous year, with the industry leading.
In the first half of 2017, the cost of peace fell by 3.1% in the same year, and the rate of payment rose by 3.9% in the same year.
Where risk is manageable, appropriate reductions in insurance rates for some high-risk clients, through data analysis, would facilitate market share capture and raise the overall level of profit insurance coverage.
In the first half of 2017, the Bank of Peace achieved a net profit of $12,554 million, an increase of 2.1 per cent in the same year and a cost-earner of 24.76 per cent, an improvement of 4.04 per cent in the same year. Companies attached great importance to science, technology and innovation and the use of technology to promote a fully intelligent retail banking model.
The number of retail clients reached 58.43 million, an increase of 11.5 per cent over the same period, and the management of retail customer assets of $959.97 billion, an increase of 19.2 per cent over the same period, which was evident in the accelerated retail transition.
In the first half of the year, the recovery of bad assets totalled $4,401 million, an increase of 66.5%. A series of safe risk management initiatives aimed at curbing the downward trend in asset quality and maintaining relative stability in asset quality.
On July 14th, 2017, China held an open day in Hong Kong on “Declassification and Security Technology Change.” For the first time, China fully disclosed the company’s five major innovative technologies.
In this context, face-to-face recognition is widely used in a variety of financial settings to enhance client experience and improve efficiency: voice-print recognition is effective against client identification and is highly accurate; forecast ai technology has made a breakthrough in vehicle damage. A model of technology leadership has been created to truly “a customer, a multi-product, a one-stop suit”
A comprehensive financial business model that emphasizes resource integration, data analysis, and maximizing the benefits to clients. Science, technology, and innovation have pushed differentiated services safely to the forefront of the financial sector, becoming the most powerful bastion of security in such a fiercely competitive environment.
Morgan Chase and Goldman Sachs on Wall Street have claimed to be a technology company. Morgan Chase's July 2016 investment made it possible to use a software coin to finish 360,000 hours of work per year by former lawyers and loanors in a matter of seconds, while significantly reducing the error rate while keeping the year alive.
A financial model can quantify external events, thereby redefining the dimension of quantitative investment. Large financial companies around the world are taking land on beaches, embracing financial technology, and artificial intelligence is likely to replace manpower as a new growth point for large firms in the future.
VI. Prospective earnings, valuation and investment recommend that China be safe as a full-licensed gold control group, with extensive business penetration, and that we value the company by splits. Life insurance doubles the pev; financial risk business, we expect the net assets to grow at about 11% in 2017, with 1.5 times the pb, and Hong Kong.
The equity Chinese treasury is the same; banking, we expect the safe bank net assets to grow by about 20 per cent in 2017, and some premium, 1.2 times pb, is given to the bank because of the innovative performance of the smart retail bank of the bank of the safe bank, and bond dealers, we expect the safe securities net assets to grow by about 6 per cent in 2017, 1.8 times pb, the same basic and comparable companies;
Trust operations, whose net profits were almost at the same level as in 2016 in the first half of 2017, considering that the trust industry was relatively more favourable in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, but that the company might reserve some of its operations for the coming year, and we expect a safe trust in 2017 with lower interest rates, poor macroeconomic fundamentals and a slow transition to innovation and innovation.