High-speed railway passenger transport needs were quickly repaired, three quarters continued to perform well, transport and rail roads, and the three quarters of 2023 continued to perform well. $30.880 billion was collected in the first three quarters of 2023.
As compared to +102.8%, the net return to the mother was $8.91 billion (compared to $150 million in the same period last year); the single-season profits of the season of 2023 were the highest ever since 2020.
A rapid recovery in the country ' s railway passenger transport in the third quarter of 2023, with three-quarter national railway days running on a passenger train 10169, 13.9 per cent more than in the same period in 2019, and 1,150 million passengers sent by the country ' s railway in the last three-quarters.
Line passenger traffic, on-line cross-line service, and the operation of the Jingfuan emblem have also been rapidly repaired, with a significant increase in the year-on-year collection rate. From 0000 hours on 11 October, the fourth quarter of the country ' s railways were operated, and the country ' s railways arranged 11075 trains for passengers, an increase of 449 rows over the previous period.
4.2% after this adjustment, the company is expected to benefit from an increase in the number of local and cross-line lines in four quarters. The Maori rate continues to improve in the third quarter, and the JFK’s losses continue to narrow.
At the cost end, the size of the company’s management costs has remained largely stable, and long-term borrowing has declined, leading to lower financial costs. At the end of the quarter, the public and private sectors have returned $3.78 billion in net profit to the mother, close to the median of the performance forecast.
In the third quarter of the year, the subsidiary JFK lost about $1-150 million in the first quarter of the year, and the deficit was significantly reduced (first half of the year).
The company relies on regional advantages, and the top-down of the high-speed network will result in a significant increase in operations for JFK.
Future corporate activity is expected to maintain a steady growth trend, and the gradual marketing of high iron prices also opens the way for future growth in corporate performance. Keeping the profit forecast, net profit returns are expected for 2023-2025, and the performance of Kyota will continue to be good in the third quarter of 2023.
+102.8 per cent net profit attributable to the mother is $8.91 billion (compared to $150 million in the same period last year); figure 2 Quantities of 2023, Quantities Quantities Quantities Quantified by the mother's net profit movement ($100 million) The summer season has led to a rapid recovery in railway passenger transport and significant growth in corporate income.
Over the same period, 13.9 per cent of the total number of passengers sent by railways in the last three quarters of the year increased by 11.6 per cent compared to the same period in 2019 (an increase of about 7 per cent in the second quarter compared to the same period in 2019). Against the backdrop of the significant recovery of railway demand in the country, the company acted as a core railway asset in the east, as a passenger on the main line of the Kyoto Line in the third quarter, as a result of the cross-line service, as well as the Jing Fu An emblem company.
The volume of business has also been rapidly repaired, with a significant increase in the same rate of corporate revenue. From 0000 hours on October 11th, the fourth quarter of the country’s railways began to run, and the country’s railways arranged 11075 trains for passengers, an increase of some 4.2% over the previous 449 lines, and the company is expected to benefit from an increase in the number of rail lines and cross-lines in the four quarters of the year.
The Māori rate continues to improve in the third quarter, and the losses of JFK continue to be narrow. To benefit from the scale effect, passenger traffic and the massive repairs to train traffic have been spread at a fixed cost, the company’s profitability has continued to increase, with a gross interest rate of 50.4 per cent achieved in the third quarter and an increase of 16.7 pt and 4.9 pt over the same period.
The model has remained largely stable, with long-term borrowing declining, leading to lower financial costs. The company’s net profit of $3.78 billion in the third quarter fell close to the median performance forecast and met expectations.
Figure 3: Trends in Māori and net interest rates for the high-speed-iron quarter of Kyoto, Figure 4: Performance of the high-speed-iron-quarter rates Investment proposal: maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
Kyoto High Steel is the core asset of our railway group, operating well and profitablely. By virtue of its regional advantages, the superstructured high-iron network will result in a significant increase in business for JFK. The company’s future business volume is expected to maintain a steady growth trend, and the gradual marketization of high-priced irons opens up room for future growth in the company’s performance.
The growth of railway passenger flows has not been as anticipated, prices have not been adjusted as expected, security incidents The author has assured that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future