China Connect (600050) Communication mixed to highlight the effectiveness of the process, and to improve performance for the 5g cycle, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, which generated business income of $14.110 billion, an increase of 7.9 per cent over the same period; Net profit of $2,583 million, an increase of 231.8 per cent over the same period, which was slightly higher than expected. • Innovative Internet-based operations have been effective, mobile operations have grown rapidly and efficiently, and fixed broadband operations have continued to improve.
Companies have built on light touch points, light cost, innovative business models, complementary to multiple Internet investors in the market, business and resources, deeper cooperation, 2i2c innovative business models that have worked significantly, and mobile operations continue to develop with high quality. In the first half of 2018, companies generated 84.3 billion yuan in mobile business.
The same-year growth rate of 9.7 per cent, which is a significant advance of nearly 8 percentage points in the industry; the number of mobile account users reached 302 million, of which 4g had a total of 203 million, with a market share increasing by nearly 3 percentage points over the same period; and, in the face of the accelerated cost reduction policy, the company deepened its flow operations, optimized the package and promoted the large-flow package, mobile phone user months
Billion dollars. Faced with a highly competitive domestic market for fixed broadband, companies push high bandwidth products and actively distribute hot-spot home applications such as family group networks, video surveillance, etc., to raise the value of broadband integration operations. In the first half of 2018, corporate fixed broadband access revenue reached $21.5 billion, which remained largely stable and wide-connected.
With a net increase of 2.38 million users, a total of 78.92 million. 5g build up a leading edge, and innovation works together to win. In the coming 5g period, the company set up a 5g Innovation Centre, which focuses on innovation in the 5g industry. The 5g Innovation Centre includes two laboratories: the first is Industry.
Innovative Co-operative Laboratories focus on the vertical sector, considering the geographical distribution of the research base and the vertical sector: the second is that the Focused Strategic Co-operative Laboratories are working hard to mix shareholders with the technological advantages of the industry. The 5g Innovation Center develops the 5g Industrial Ecoosphere and promotes the standardization and commercial application of the 5g.
• China’s towers are on the market, promoting higher corporate costs and profitability. On August 8, China’s towers were listed in Hong Kong, with 21.1% of the company’s shares in the towers, and after the market, China’s towers serve as a service provider with the hope of increasing revenue collection, paying for high indebtedness, improving financial structures, and achieving high performance growth.
There are huge benefits to companies: at the same time, we can significantly avoid the duplication of towers, reduce the cost of building and operating them, and optimize network coverage, raise user profile and perception, and promote higher corporate profitability. We look at the tremendous dynamism of the company’s downfall, covering it for the first time, with an “uptake” rating.
The focus strategy is beginning to yield results, with one of the country’s three largest operators with global coverage. China Connect is the only Chinese telecommunications company in New York, Hong Kong, Shanghai, and China’s Connected Communications Network covering the world and covering the country’s 31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government).
There are branches in several countries and regions outside China, and one of the three largest telecommunications operators in China, mainly in mobile network operations, fixed communications operations, domestic and international communications facility service operations, international satellite line operations, data communications operations, network access operations and various types of telecommunications value-added operations.
In the first half of 2018, companies achieved their main business income of $14.1 billion, an increase of 7.9 per cent. This shows that companies are actively working with strategic Internet investors, and that the transformation of their business model is gradually taking shape. In the first half of 2018, companies accumulated 13.754 billion yuan in costs.
The 4.4 per cent increase in the same year was due to reasonable control by the company over all costs, of which the financial cost was RMB 190 million, a reduction of RMB 220 billion, a decrease of 92.1 per cent in the same year, owing to the company's collection of imported strategic investors through non-public distribution. The Māori rate for the first half of the year was 26.8 per cent, an increase of 1.5 percentage points from the previous year.
The growth in mobile business income is high, and the increase in data flows is the driving force behind the increase. The mobile main business is the company’s first major business, the company’s first main business, and the revenue in the first half of 2018 was 84.3 billion yuan yuan, an increase of 9.7 per cent.
On average, nearly 8 percentage points were achieved in large-scale leading industries, with a net increase of 17,86 million mobile account users, bringing the total to 302 million households; a net increase of 28.23 million company 4g user households, bringing the total to 203 million households, and an increase of nearly 3 percentage points in the market share of 4g user groups. 4g account for more than 67 per cent of mobile account users, an increase of 16 percentage points in the same year. Company arpu amounted to $47.9.
During the same period the previous year, 48 dollars remained largely stable. The high growth in corporate income from mobile operations was due to a significant increase in data flows. In the first half of 2018, company cellular Internet traffic per unit was significantly reduced, but the demand for mobile data flows was high, mobile cellular Internet traffic remained robustly growing, and the right business strategy of low-cost high-cost sales allowed company users to pay monthly.
At the same time, the Department deployed early on 1 July to implement its policy of eliminating the “walking” fee for domestic mobile phone traffic, optimizing the set of meals to facilitate a smooth transition of users. Disaggregated household user needs, innovative operations helped to strengthen the network’s operations by stopping the decline.
The penetration rate of video operations among fixed-line broadband users is over 43%, an increase of 10 percentage points in the same year. The decline in fixed-line operations is due to the firm's focus on the breakdown of household user needs, the development of mobile fixed-nets through a combination package of solid migrations, the interactivity of operations, the further improvement of network coverage and network quality, the enhancement of network capabilities, and the upgrading of users
In the first half of the year, corporate innovation continued to grow at a rapid scale. Industry generated revenues of RMB 11.7 billion, an increase of 39% over the same period.
In the first half of 2018, companies actively promoted the implementation of mixed ownership reforms in line with the 16-word approach of “good governance, enhanced incentives, strong ownership, efficiency”.
The change was determined and fast, starting with the launch of the programme on 21 August 2017, and the whole of the programme progressed rapidly from planning to implementation, with a total period of less than one year between the suspension of the card and the completion of the non-public release.
Streamlined and phased data on the initial recruitment of cadres. In terms of institutional streamlining, the number of headquarters departments was reduced from 27 to 18, a 15.5 per cent decrease; the number of local and municipal corporate institutions was reduced by 2013 by 26.7 per cent; and the number of managers of provincial companies nationwide was reduced by 415, a 9.8 per cent decrease in 9.8 per cent.
Number and redundancy of staff, optimization of the quality of talent, continuous reduction of the demand for outsourced personnel, promotion of staff mobility to small modules and innovative areas of business, optimization of organizational and personnel structures, with emphasis on pay-to-performance linkages, and introduction of innovative talent for innovative business development through policies such as the “418” talent project.
By working with strategic investors, “Internet+” is moving forward. Companies are working with strategic investors to create new patterns of external connectivity.
Business income amounted to RMB 11.7 billion, a 39% increase over the same year, of which cloud computing income increased by 39% over the same year. Companies are strongly associated with their partners in cloud computing, big data, item networking, retail channels, basic communications, content aggregation, etc. The results are impressive: in cloud computing, companies, in collaboration with Ali Tents, launched a public cloud product branded as “War Clouds”, which is a public cloud product.
Users provide differentiated products and services; in terms of big data, companies work with Chinese life, 100 degrees, Kyoto, etc., focus on mail, risk control, etc. In terms of access to goods, secure networking with focal points such as 100 degrees, Ali, Kyoto, etc., car connections, smart homes, etc. In terms of retail outlets, companies work with the retail channels in Kyoto, Suning, and change the way things are done.
There is a built-in model of the Connected Office, with a new model of “consumption plus business” integrated with the conglomerates, which integrates business processing with day-to-day consumption, builds on the strong supply chain of collaborators and door-to-door expansion to help companies break through traditional business, and the company's basic communications business provides a broad platform for partners; in the context of content convergence, with the coolness, love, love
It works in full collaboration with big video products. The company works in synergy with its transformation partners to explore capital-level cooperation in investment or finance, to diversify corporate equity and light asset operations, and to increase the incentives for innovation.
With breakthroughs in key technologies such as chip modules, terminals, platforms, big data, etc., the huge market size and incalculable commercial value inherent in the Internet are increasingly being valued by the operators of the ceiling for traditional business. In terms of the number of network terminals, .idc predicts that the size of the Internet market will reach US$ 1.7 trillion in 2020.
At the policy level, the two ministries issued a three-year action plan to expand their consumption upgrade, and the development of the network was crucial. With everything interconnected, markets huge, and policies clear, companies, as providers of information infrastructure networks, have networks.
Connectivity benefits also play an important role in the interlinking of industrial chains. Companies have positioned their property networking industries as a central focus of innovation, and have developed a detailed strategic layout.
The company initiated the deployment of the Connectivity Management Platform starting in 2014: at the end of 2014, the company initiated the planning and construction of the Specialized Networking Network and the Infrastructure Platform for Networking of Goods, supporting the innovative development of the Network of Products: in 2015, the first launch of the Network of Companies Connected Management Platform took a critical step towards the scaling of the Internet industry; in 2016, the company first proposed the “Conveyment”
Focus strategy, building a “new engine of growth” by focusing on “platform-type” innovations, including networking of goods, to achieve a “new space for expanding object-networking operations”; in 2017, the company launched a new generation of cloud-based networking connectivity management platform to stimulate rapid growth in the performance of traditional and small and medium-sized enterprises and to promote the upgrading of the innovation industry in the goods-networking industry.
Remote e-sim solutions to network devices. Cross-international operator network switching based on gsma-related norms, interface with international operators to help businesses reduce communication costs and achieve globalization strategies. Emtc and nb-iot develop simultaneously. Emtc and nb-iot are key to operator layout networking.
At the end of 2016, China Connect, Ericsson, and qualcomm achieved an emtc-based data transfer on the current network in Beijing. During the World Conference on Mobile Communications held in Shanghai in 2017, China joined forces with Ericsson and Hightower to make the first successful global demonstration of applications based on emtcvolte.
In May 2016, the Shanghai Union and the Shanghai Networking Association launched the China Nb-iot Industrial Union, which promotes cooperation and the creation of an eco-circle for enterprises operating up and down the industrial chain.
In terms of industry, companies have worked together to launch the “Wo Guen Cloud” industrial goods networking platform, to build an integrated, end-to-end solution, and to create a secure and controlled industrial goods networking platform in China.
One-stop service model with +Innovation as a core capacity; in agriculture, companies have built intelligent agriculture based on advanced intelligent agricultural concepts and products; in environmental matters, companies use their own networks and ict resources to build intelligence for relevant sectors to monitor networks and to control environmental pollution; in everyday life, China connects smart home platforms where the “Wo Housemaster” can
In the area of travel, companies have taken the lead in providing nb-iot-based applications in international tourism resorts in Shanghai, where smart parking projects have been deployed and smart parking management is now available. Companies rely on innovative technologies to “Internet+” to drive industrial transformation, support urban management, and public administration.
Figure 9: China ' s Connectivity Networking Commercial Process assumes that the company ' s mobile users expanded well in the first half of the year, assuming that its future user size will continue to grow at this year ' s pace, and
(b) Assumption 2: based on the combined effects of increased competition in the overall domestic fixed network market and user bandwidth upgrading, assuming that the fixed network user arpu remains unchanged, while the country has just released its three-year plan for information consumption, which calls for a fibre-optic coverage of 98 per cent by 2020, the country
(b) Scenario 3: the company will focus on the expansion of idc, video, and object networking, and the innovation business will grow faster; and scenario 4: the company's operating costs will be determined largely on the basis of the corresponding business growth.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the sub-operational income and costs of companies for the period 2018-2020, as shown in the table below: Major Dynamics and Improved Performance Expectations, first covered, with an “Increased” rating; Increased competition in telecommunications markets, innovative business development or less than expected, mobile user growth or less than expected.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.