New production capacity has been released steadily, coal industry has re-emerged, and the oil and coal price differential has widened to benefit the coal head series. The company is the leading coal leader, and it's long-term.
Ongoing investment to build and consolidate technological advantages, scale up and extend the industrial chain has led to the creation of four major industrial platforms: Nitrogen Fertilizer, Carbon I, Tetramium Synthesis, and New Gasification, gradually moving from traditional coalification based on the production of nitrogen fertilizers to a new multi-industrial cogeneration industry.
Both rely on coal, and most of the end markets in the company’s products are priced by petrochemicals. For companies, the more price differentials in coal-oil prices are, the more cost-end cost pressures are high; the smaller the coal-original oil price differential, which suggests that companies have lower cost pressures and better profit margins.
The company’s Tianzhou project was successfully launched into a two-base era, with a significant expansion in the production capacity of three products. \triangleright in 2023.
In October, the company base was successfully operational, including 1 million tons of acetic acid, 700,000 tons of urea, 300,000 tons of urinary Liu Haiyong, 100,000 tons of melamine resin, 150,000 tons of dmf, 136,000 tons of sulphur, 150,000 tons of amphetamine, etc.
Projects. The production capacity of the new companies urea, acetic acid, dmf, etc. has been significantly improved. urea, acetic acid, and dmf have increased by 65%, 200%, 48%, respectively. Of the three priority products, urea demand has been strong, the Department ' s new production capacity has had a less market impact, acetic acid and dmf are now profitable, and companies have been able to do so.
At the same time, companies continue to look for new downstream applications for existing products. Carbonate dmc is mainly used for polycarbonate and polycarbonate.
The year 2023 was marked by the Wallau Henlium (600426.sh). In recent years, the growth of the new energy sector has led to a significant expansion of the production capacity of the dmc sector, a steady increase in production and sales in 2023 and a smooth advance in construction projects - 2024/0.
Amounted to 2.17 million tons, an increase of 27 per cent over 2022, with an over-extension of the industry becoming apparent. Due to dmc ' s toxic, environmental, etc., the saturated vapour pressure on gasoline and water solubility after being used as an additive to gasoline was insignificant.
The company has tried to export to the oil market overseas. Future refuelling demand 3. Walluhengl (600426.sh) depths: low valleys are colored.
Ten thousand tonnes/year binary acid project to further improve the existing industrial chain in Texas. Investment proposal: The company is spearheaded by a synthetic gas platform, using a number of technology platforms to form a “multiline” industrial layout in the direction of fertilizer, organochlorine, acetic acid and derivatives, new materials, etc.
Solvents, nylon-related projects and several projects at the Jingzhou base continued production in 2023, corporate revenues and profits \triangleright 1 oil and coal price differentials increased and company profits were expected to rise
The company was listed in June 2002 after a long and sustained investment to build and consolidate technological advantages, scale up, and extend the industry chain, gradually creating a large nitrogen fertilizer, carbon I, carbon I, and platinum.
The four main industrial platforms for genomic synthesis and new gasification have gradually been transformed from traditional coal-chemical enterprises, which are mainly responsible for nitrogen fertilizer production, to new coal-chemical companies that work with multi-industrial plates and co-production.
Companies are typical coal-chemical industries, whose primary raw materials and energy consumption depend on coal, while most of the end markets in the company’s products are priced by oil market products. In theory, the price difference between coal and crude oil is greater.
This indicates that the cost-side cost pressure is greater and the more profitable the company is; the smaller the coal-former oil price difference, the smaller the firm’s cost-side pressure and the better profit margin. Given the trend in recent years, the difference between coal-oil prices was relatively low in 2021, with an average of about $414 per tonne.
Overseas oil prices, influenced by war and geopolitical factors, continue to be high, coal-oil differentials are shrinking, and public net profits have recovered since q4 in 2023. As of 17 May 2024, the second-quarter coal-oil differentials are shown in figure 2: The Wallu-hingl net profit ratio is related to the coal-oil differential.
In the two-base era, three major products were able to expand their production capacity and become fully operational in the first phase of the state base project.
Since then, horizontal expansion and vertical deepening have led to the formation of a “multiline” pattern. Coalized industry - urea is the “first line” of the company's “multiline”. methanol, acetic acid, ethylene, etc. are important node platform-type chemicals, and companies use synthesynthesis as an important technical tool, using synthetic gas as their source.
The synthesizing gas-based methanol, the syngas-based dimethylacetic acid method, produces ethanol and uses methanol as a feedstock for further production of products such as dmf, acetic acid, acetic anhydride, etc. Gradually enriched the wiring of chemical products, fully operational and fast-tracked through the traditional fertilizer enterprise Xingzhou.
In August 2021, the first phase of the project began construction, consisting of an annual production of 800,000 tons of methanol, 1 million tons of acetic acid, 700,000 tons of urea, 300,000 tons of molten urine, 100,000 tons of melamine resin, 150,000 tons of dmf, 136,000 tons of sulphur and 150,000 tons of amphetamine devices.
In October 2023, production was completed, leading to a record of in-house construction, driving, and making the fastest profits, and a full-scale drive, a full-line process, and a full-time output of 1,247 million yuan in sales in 2023. With 12 billion dollars in investment in the first phase of the project, the annual sales revenue will be 10 billion dollars in real time.
The lake north mausoleum, where the company is located, has a unique resource and regional advantage. The Hubei mausoleum economic development zone (coal-electricization industrial park) is located in the middle of the Yangtze River, in the province of Hubei, in the heart of the Yangtze plain, where the railway coal corridor between Munxi and China meets the Yangtze gold waterway, with 50 million tons of national coal.
The carbon storage base is located in the river basin, making it an important node on the national “North Coal South” corridor.
2.2 Significant expansion of the production capacity of the three products, good market digestion, successful commissioning of the company's first phase of the urea project, which directly increased the company's urea capacity from 1.55 million tons to 2.5 million tons, by 65 per cent, acetic acid capacity from 500,000 tons to 1.5 million tons, by 200 per cent, dmf
The capacity of the company increased from 330,000 tons to 480,000 tons, an increase of 45%. The largest increase in the capacity of the company was in the three products, with new expansions or a low share of the company ' s share in the market, where the market could fully absorb its new production capacity or be in a path of gradual recovery of demand. The share of the domestic capacity of the company ' s urea product was raised from 2.16%.
urea: urea: The demand is strong and takes over the productive capacity replacement opportunity period urea, also known as ammonium carbonate or ammonium carbonate dichloride, is synthesized under high pressure from ammonia and carbon dioxide, containing about 46% nitrogen, the most commonly used dehydrated nitrogen fertilization product. urea is used mainly in the two categories of agricultural and industrial uses, and in agricultural collars.
In China, urea production is based on coal head and co-existes. From a production perspective, urea is used to produce and produce urea as a production tool.
At this stage, the ratio of coal-headed urea production to air-headed urea urea urea in China is approximately 7.6:2.4, the main producers are concentrated in the north, east, north-west and south-west of China, and the main distribution areas are mainly in the middle and south-west of the Yellow and Yangtze rivers.
The province of ownership, with its overall distribution, is characterized by a mix of resource-intensive and market-intensive patterns. Easy transport and rich coal resources, together with the surrounding areas, are concentrated in agricultural fertilizer demand and the main production sites for complex fertilizer, making the north and east China regions the largest coal-headed urea production site in the country.
Production cost advantages are clear, becoming a national production site for urea, which is most common in coal urea and gas urea, depending on the distribution of raw materials. Natural gas urea has less impurities than coal urea and lower formaldehyde levels, but the supply of natural gas urea is unstable due to stress during the winter phase of natural gas supply.
The water slurry in the plant is better than the fixed bed process, with low unit prices for raw materials, low electricity consumption, low pollution, so that later-stage additions are mostly based on water slurry and the stove, and the fixed bed process is being phased out of the market. Direct application in agriculture and indirect application of composite fertilizers as the main application of urea are downstream.
Vegetables are mainly used in the production of fertilizers, composts and melamine for agriculture, platinum and slates, denitrification of power plants, urea for vehicles, etc. Agriculture uses fertilizer directly for wheat and rice, mainly concentrated in the regions of East and North-East and South-West China, and in recent years as some areas of the country return to cultivation and the importance of food security has been relative to the demand for agriculture.
Stable, with 48% of direct demand in 2022. With regard to industrial applications, there is a constant focus on environmental issues, urea, which inhibits emissions of nitrogen oxides, and cyclic consumption in such areas as diesel engine tailings, devulcanization of power plants, etc. Recent years have been increasing, and industrial demand has become a point of growth for urea in the future.
urea has undergone supply-side reforms in the last five years and is now in the supply recovery phase. China ' s urea production capacity in 2015 amounted to 87 million tons, with a total production of nearly 70 million tons, but domestic urea needs less than 60 million tons per year, excess supply and demand of more than 10 million tons, China ' s urea industry has moved from seasonal to structural surplus, and industry has fallen into a low level.
Under the direction of a policy of adjustment of the supply side of the country, the domestic urea market began to grow in 2019-2023, with a gradual reduction in demand and supply of urea in 2017.
Easy. By 2023, the replacement of new and old capacity was almost complete. Since the end of 2023, the export of urea, thanks to a stronger demand for urea in the country ' s agriculture and vehicle use, began to decline significantly, while domestic urea prices and urea-coal differentials remained high and urea was profitable during the same period.
China’s main fertilizer exporters, the Agricultural Group, stated on their official network on 2 September 2023 that it would take the initiative to reduce urea exports and try to maintain price stability. On 4 September 2023, China Ocean Oil also urged its subsidiaries to give priority to safeguarding domestic urea supplies before the fall planting season.
In September 2023, China recorded 1.18 million tons of urea exports, which have since been influenced by export policies and domestic demand, and decreased to 13.9 million tons by January 2024. Domestic urea prices remained high and profitable during the same period. External demand and market environment following the release of the company’s new production capacity.
2.2.2 Acetic acid: The company contributed the main additional industrial capacity in 2023. Ice acetic acid was used mainly for various solvents in chemical production. Ice acetic acid, also known as acetic acid, is an organic monate.
Non-chromatic, wet-smoking liquids with a condensed point of 16.6 °C, reinforced with non-chromosomal crystals, water solutions with weak acidity and high corrosivity, and steam irritant to eyes and noses. In 2023, domestic acetic acid production reached 1,195 million tons, yielding 989 million tons, with a capacity utilization rate of about 83 per cent.
In 2023, pta, ethylene acetate and acetic acid continued to be the most in demand, accounting for 27 per cent, followed by ethyl acetate and ethylene acetic acid, accounting for 19 per cent and 16 per cent, respectively. Ice acetic acid was used as a solvent in the production of pta, which accounted for lower costs.
With the rapid expansion of the pta sector and its new capacity for production, the use of acetic acid has increased significantly in recent years. Supply has gradually eased, with companies contributing the major increase in production capacity in 2023.
The rapid growth of the downstream industry has led to a steady increase in the production of and demand for acetic acid in recent years, followed by a steady increase in production pressure for small and medium-sized enterprises that are not equipped with upstream or downstream devices. In 2023, 1.4 million tons of new capacity were added to the acetic acid industry, with companies contributing 1 million tons of that increase.
In April of the year, the price of icing acetic acid in 2020 was weakened by domestic and foreign public health events, resulting in both supply and demand, which dropped to a low point in five years. In the second half of the second half of 2021, coal prices rose sharply, driving the coal-based industry.
Chain prices have risen sharply, and the price of acetic acid has continued to rise to a five-year high of $9,500 per tonne. Since the second half of 2023, the price of acetic acid has recovered significantly, owing to a marked drop in supply end-of-stage demand.
On October 12th, 2023, a contribution was made by the 13th China-East Region of Warluhingung (Jingzhou) Ltd., a gas power platform and a synthetic gas integrated use project in the park. Of this, 1 million tonnes/year ice acetic acid produced on October 24, this project is also the first one in the North Province of Lake North.
The overall supply and demand patterns of acetic acid will change, with the main sources of radiation being the China-China region, followed by the China-East, South-East and South-West regions; the mode of transport will depend mainly on shipping and gas. Due to the geographical advantage of the region, the impact on Henan markets will be relatively strong later.
2.2.3dmf: The company remains the first industrially active dmf, n, n-dimethylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA), the acronym for which is an excellent chemical solvent with a wide range of applications, non-ferrous, transparent or light yellow liquids.
Dmf is currently the most important production process for all enterprises in the country. The main downstream applications are in resin slurry, electrons, pharmaceuticals, foods, pesticides, polyamide membranes, etc., with good solubility and chemical stability for a wide range of organic compounds and inorganic compounds, and our country is the largest dmf.
China’s dmf products go downstream mostly for the production of resin slurry, mainly in Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Fujian, etc. The final product is man-made tannery and finished products.
The industry needs more than 70 per cent of the production capacity of companies such as Sosawakawa chemistry, Shanghai transfer technology, etc. My country’s synthetic tangent production line has been expanded several times, and the synthetic tangent sector in Zhejiang Wen County was relatively well developed in the early 1990s, and the Li Shui region has been actively followed up since 2003 and has gradually expanded to Fujian Fukudang and others, 2008 gold.
In the aftermath of the crisis, it continued to expand to Zhejiang Tai County, Fujianpur City, Anhuishu County, and Guangdong China. The excess capacity is more pronounced, with the decline in the international synthetic gas market consumption, a reduction in product quality differentials, and a substantial contraction in profits.
In 2023, China ' s dmf industry had a total capacity of 1.9 million tons, up from 870,000 in 2022, and currently has 2 new firms in 11 active enterprises, compared to 9 in 2022, namely, Guangan Pre-Chancellor Electronics Ltd. and Henan Ribber New Materials Ltd.
The industry continues to grow. Production processes in all enterprises in the country are currently co-a step-by-step technology, with carbon monoxide as the main catalyst. Despite the faster expansion of the industry in 2023, the company’s share of capacity remains the highest in the industry and is currently in the company’s position.
The Dmf industry has about 25% capacity, maintaining a strong competitive edge in the market. As the world’s largest producer of dmf, Warluhing, with a total capacity of 330,000 tonnes/year, with 4 dmf units and 400,000 tonnes/year of methamamine, built 150,000 tons of dmf devices and an amittamine kit in Hubeizhou in October 2023.
Figure 15: price trends in dmf 3 old products looking for new ways out, mature industrial chains perfecting new directions
3.1 dmc, or in the direction of a new solution by adjusting oil Dimethyl carbonate is mainly used in polycarbonate and electrolyte. Dmc, a non-ferrous and transparent liquid, forms co-boiling with water, mixes with organic solvents, esters, etc., and is one.
An excellent solvent, which can replace highly toxic photogas, dimethyl sulfate, etc., as an environmentally friendly green chemical product, has been a widespread concern in recent years. In downstream, carbonate dimethyl esters are mainly used to produce products such as polycarbonate, microfilm, electrolyte, coatings, glues, solid photogas.
Polycarbonate, electrolytic solution, the two main forces of dimethyl carbonate, has been downstream and demand has increased over the years. The largest demand in 2022 was for polycarbonate, which accounted for 44.65 per cent of total demand, followed by electrolyte, which accounted for 34.44 per cent.
In the context of the development of new energy vehicles, the lithium cell electrolysis chain of liquids has developed rapidly in recent years, with carbonate dimethyl esters as a feedstock and component of the solution, and the identity has been transformed from traditional solvent chemical products to new energy chain products. In recent years, domestic production of carbonate dimethyl esters has increased.
The main driving force is the increase in downstream demand. Both the main downstream pc and the electrolytic solution demand increased significantly in 2022, with new production capacity for pc mainly consisting of 260,000 tons of petrochemical and 260,000 tons of annual installations in China and South China, with new demand for electrolytic solutions concentrated mainly on increased production of methyl ester carbonate.
In 2019, the country ' s total dmc capacity was about 656,000 tons, expanding to 2.17 million tons in 2023. In 2022, new production capacities, such as Samin, Tianjin and Jiangsuth, will continue to increase year by year, while new plant processes will continue to be subject to market scrutiny.
During the testing period, as demand for electrolyte fluids increases, so does plant production. From the demand point of view, the domestic polycarbonate installation is almost complete and the subsequent additional demand will focus on the electrolyte solution.
Dmc is expected to be a clean gas additive. The gasoline additive is added to the gasoline to boost the gas.
The first gas additive is tetraethyl lead, which, because of its acute neurotoxicity, began to be proposed in 1972 as an alternative to tetraethyl lead, and has been considered the most widely used gasoline additive for more than 30 years.
In 2005, the United States adopted renewable fuel standards, using ethanol instead of mtbe as an aerobic additive in gasoline. In 2017, China also offered to promote car ethanol gasoline. Indeed, there have been a number of efforts to explore chemical alternatives to mtbe as an additive, including ethanol, methanol, 3-hydroxybutyltinol, and Uncle Meth.
Ethyl ether and dimethyl carbonate, etc. Due to the toxic, environmentally friendly properties of dmc, the saturated vapour pressure of gasoline, water solubility, etc., as an additive to gasoline, can increase the oxygen content of gasoline and reduce the emissions of some of the pollutants in the tail gas, etc.
It has also been recognized as a potentially new alternative to mtbe. With the growth of the automobile industry, increasing engine compression, and environmental pollution reduction requirements, gasoline has moved towards non-leading and new formulations.
The changes are mainly in the reduction of vapour pressure, limitation of aromatic hydrocarbons, in particular the concentration of benzene, and the transfer of organic oxygen compounds. The oxygen content of carbonate dimethyl esters is as high as 53.3w per cent, the necessary oxygen content can be added to gasoline at a lower level, and its costs may be reduced as a result of the development of new manufacturing processes.
Academia studies have found the following characteristics in dmc refueling: (1) dmc gas can be adjusted to protect the environment, significantly improving the octane of gasoline. Combination 4.7% dmc can increase the octane of gasoline by 3-6 points, further increasing the octane of the blended scale does not change. (2) gasoline is burned with 1.2% dmc gasoline, thc row.
The effect of this improvement is 20% lower than that of basic gasoline. Positioning dmc as a gas aerobics variety, recombinant to a gasoline anti-explosive product, screening for better synergy and economic additive varieties with dmc in terms of increasing gasoline octane values, formulation design, additions that increase engine power and reduce fuel consumption.
National gasoline consumption in 2023 was about 149 million tons, and if dmc could be used on a large scale as an additive for oil products, it was expected to boost the demand for dmc at an average of 1%. However, the domestic dmc transfer market is not open for the time being, and the domestic adjustment market has limited demand for dmc.
In the future, this direction is expected to be an important way of digesting dmc products. 3.2 Two new projects are planned to improve the layout of existing industrial chains.
The company announced two new projects. On 21 May 2024, Warluhingl announced a new investment in two major projects: (1) the pilot project for the optimization of anamide raw materials; and (2) the 200,000 tonnes/year binary acid project. The two projects are expected to invest a total of 1.7 billion yuan, of which 833 million yuan is for the pilot project for the upgrading of anamide raw materials, and the pilot project for dual acids.
867 million dollars. In line with the overall requirements of “local high-end, off-site and new articles”, the company maintains high-start planning, high-end extension, and intends to launch a new set of projects, including the project for the optimization of anamide raw materials and the 200,000 tonnes/year binary acid project.
The project was completed with the production of 200,000 tonnes/year of saturated cyclool production units; public works, ancillary facilities and safe and environmentally friendly facilities.
These projects are expected to total $1.7 billion, based on feasibility studies, with high corporate efficiency and increased market competitiveness.
Acetic acids are widely used in pharmaceuticals, rare earths, fine chemicals, and so forth. Acetic acids are also known as acetic acids, pruning acids, the simplest of which are binary acids, with a molecular formula of (cooh) 2,2h2.
Industries such as fine-tuning, solarization, and new energy are one of the basic chemical materials commonly used in industrial production. After many years of competition in the market, which has been poor, the domestic market for acupuncture has created a highly concentrated pattern of competition centred on a few firms, with industrial capacity concentrated on the leading firms of Hualuhingi, Littsun, and Toyomoto.
Figure 18: Distribution of downstream applications of herbic acid in China in 2022. The market demand for herbal acid in 2025 is expected to reach 1.1 million tons. In 2021, the country ' s downstream demand pattern for herbal acid industry was around 400,000 tons. At the same time, according to statistics, the market for herbic acid demand in China is concentrated in rare soil and new energy sources.
In 2022, several industries consumed 30%, 30% and 20% respectively. Since 2022, our pharmaceutical industry has gradually lifted its environmental restrictions, increasing the rate of start-up capacity; six rare earth groups in the rare earth industry are now at the end of the process, and the industry is vicious.
The reduction of competition has led to the release of domestic rare earth production and the reopening of rare earth mining overseas, further expanding our herbic acid exports; in addition, refined herbic acid and herbic acid derivatives can be used for lithium battery positive materials, electroplating agents, the manufacture of electronic ceramics, fresh soil purification, the cleaning of photo-voltage quartz, with new electronic ceramics and rare earth materials.
The new downstream industries, such as purification, new energy sources, photovoltaics, and so forth, have continued to grow in demand for the herbic acid sector and will provide broad market space for growth in the herbic sector. According to market forecasts, the market for herbic acid demand in the country has maintained a sustained growth trend, with industry-wide demand levels or breakthroughs reaching around 960,000 tons in 2023, and the country in 2025.
The market is expected to reach more than 1.1 million tons, with a relatively small number of suppliers. In 2024, the size of the annual production of herbic acid, such as Hualuhingl, Ryuguin, Toyomoto shares and Toyochi gold coal, reached 200,000, 150,000, 120,000 and 100,000, respectively, and four.
The company uses cyclohexol to legally produce cyclohexol. The cyclohexol is also known as hexachlorophenol, and looks like colorless and transparent oil.
Fluid liquids or white needles crystallize, with the smell of cerebral brains, which is an important chemical intermediate. The industrial production path of cyclohexol, in chronological order, is mainly phenol law, cyclohexane oxidation and cyclohexane water.
The main uses of cyclohexol are in the organic industry, textile materials, consumer markets are mainly for products such as adipic acid, nylon-66 and phenoxyamide, and a small number of products are used as stabilizers and detergents by refined chemical products.
Textiles and soap additives, etc. The company’s completion of this project will further improve the nylon industry chain layout and enhance product competitiveness and product flexibility.4 Profit forecasting and investment proposals
4.1 Profit projection assumptions and business splits (1) New material plates: priority products such as adipic acid, endamide, dmc, emc, etc. will continue to grow relatively steadily over the next few years on the supply and demand sides, and downstream dmc is expected to open up new avenues, such as oil transfer.
(2) Organamine plate: Dmf and methamine products were added to the Tianzhou project, and demand in the industry was growing steadily. Production sales are expected to increase significantly in 2024 compared to 2023, with higher annual sales and income rates in 2024, larger urea markets, more stable demand growth, and a more stable share of corporate output in 2024.
(4) Acetic acids and derivatives: 1 million tons of acetic acids were added by the end of 2023 to the Jingzhou Project, with a high capacity. The company is a leader in the coal industry, with products such as fertilizers, organamine, acetic acids and derivatives, new materials, etc., and we used the market rate method to conduct a valuation analysis of the company, comparing the selected company with the company's main business.
The company, spearheaded by the Synthetic Gas Platform, has developed a “multiline” industrial layout in the direction of fertilizer, organamine, acetic acid and derivatives, new materials, etc.
The company is currently planning phase two of the Xingzhou project, the upgrading of the Amino-based materials, the construction of the 200,000 tonnes/year binary acid project, if the project is not as advanced as expected.
Corporate profitability has a negative impact. 2) The risk of falling prices for products. Many of the products newly produced by the company, such as urea, acetic acid, dmf, adipic acid, melamine, etc., are large in scale or have a greater impact on industrial production capacity, such as falling prices, or will be public.
3) The risk of higher prices for raw materials, such as coal. Coal is the company’s main raw material, and the rise in coal prices may lead to a shrinking of the company’s profit margins and pressure on its performance.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.