Proxy + Self-research double-wheel drive, opening up long-term growth space.
Twisdom is a biohigh technology enterprise that collects vaccines, research and development of biological products, produces, sells, promotes, distributes, and imports and exports. At present, proxy products are the principal two-wheel-drive model of corporate business income.
In a market environment characterized by upgrading, new and large varieties of value, the overall development of the domestic vaccine industry, the imminent harvest of some of the company's products, the persistence of innovation, and the steady growth of corporate strong agency operations, with a high volume of heavy-pound products.
The share of corporate agents rose from 20.41% to 86.79% every year since 2017. The Hpv vaccine, which weighs four to nine prices, was released quickly after it was approved in the country.
Both products have greater demand and growth potential in the domestic market, and have a greater advantage than similar products. The steady pace of agency activity will continue to increase the company’s revenue-earning capacity and its performance.
Self-research products continue to be active and are about to be harvested. The company's self-research products are mainly configured in three main sections of the bacterial multi-priced seedlings, viral vaccines, and anti-tuberculosis vaccine.
At the declaration stage, the 15-valent pneumococcal combination vaccine, the frozen human rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) are at the clinical stage, and the four-price meningitis multi-sugar combination vaccine is at the clinical stage.
Risk factors: product R & D is not as fast as expected, product quality and sales are not as fast as expected
“Technology + Market” double-wheel drive, accelerating the market value of products. Chongqing Ji Fei Bioproducts Inc. was established in 1995 and began to invest in the bioproducts industry in 2002 and, after almost 20 years of development, has become a cluster vaccine, biological product research and development, production, marketing, promotion, distribution and
The export and import of biohigh-tech enterprises is one of the largest enterprises in our bioproducts industry and one of the most powerful suppliers and service providers in our home country. The company’s autonomous products are mainly distributed among the bacterial, viral, and nodule-control vaccines, mainly in the brain, tuberculosis and lung prevention sectors.
In addition, with extensive marketing networks and a strong marketing team, intelligent flyers began working with the pharmaceutical giant Metzhardon in 2011 in charge of the Meshahadella rubella triple disease.
The marketing of Hmong and 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccines in mainland China: in 2017, the four-priced Hpv vaccine in Mossatung in 2018 and the nine-price Hpv vaccine were registered with the National Food and Drug Surveillance Authority, respectively, and Chi Fei Bian was the sole agent in China, with a high rate of growth in his performance after the two products were marketed.
On 30 June 2020, the company ' s marketing network covered 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities, more than 300 municipalities, more than 2,600 districts and more than 30,000 basic health services (inoculation sites, community clinics) and was able to provide diversified and accessible disease prevention programmes for the population of appropriate age groups.
Figure 1: Corporate development path 1.2 Sustained self-researching of products and increased performance of proxy products
The research and development teams and the introduction of advanced research and development technologies have been involved in more than 20 projects at the national and provincial levels, including the Ministry of Science and Technology's 863 project, Modern Medicine Technology, the Ministry's major new drug creation project, and the National New drug creation project. By 30 June 2020, 367 people had developed research and development personnel, 2 research and development bases and 1 research and development centre;
The cumulative acquisition of seven vaccines, biological product registrations; 16 autonomous R & D projects entering the registration process; significant growth in company performance following the listing of pre-clinical nine-price hpv vaccines in the country; annual increases in the share of agent products in operating income. Companies achieved $10,587 million in operating income in 2019, an increase of 102.51 per cent in comparison; and net return to the mother.
The net profit from non-repatriation is 2,366 million yuan and 2,388 million yuan, an increase of 63,06 per cent and 63.67 per cent over the same period, while the proxy product accounts for 63,06 per cent, and we believe that autonomous products are expected to be the backbone of the growth of future corporate performance; at the same time, with the growing market size of proxy products, the catalyzing of the new crown epidemic, the upgrading of vaccine technology and the improvement of public health protection awareness,
The domestic vaccine industry is about to move rapidly, and corporate performance is expected to continue at a fast pace in the future. With regard to Māori, the Māori rate for company-owned products has remained relatively stable in recent years, with Māori rates for secondary seedlings remaining around 95%, and Māori rates for therapeutic biological products at about 86%; and Agent II.
The Māori rate for seedlings has remained stable except in 2016 (no agent product purchases), owing to a relatively low Māori rate of 37 per cent of Hpv vaccine products and a rising share of agency products.In terms of costs, as the company ' s sales team grew, the cost of sales increased to about $1.1 billion in 2019.
However, as the rate of growth in revenue is much higher than the cost of sales, the sales rate has been decreasing in recent years, at $170 million a year. Overall, under the high performance driven by proxy Hpv vaccine products, the cost rate for the period was as follows: Chiang Feng, 5.40 per cent and 0.76 per cent respectively, with a combined shareholding rate of 56.87 per cent.
In addition, according to the company’s mid-2020 report, there are currently six fully-funded public departments and one participating company under the umbrella of the smart-flying creature, including Beijing’s green price and Anhui-flying Dragon Koma, both state-level high-technology enterprises, which are responsible for the development and development of company-owned product projects, and the smart-flying harbour, which provides services such as export and import of products and warehousing.
The vaccine is a pre-preventive or therapeutic biological product made of pathogenic microorganisms and their metabolites, such as manual detoxification, extinction, genetic engineering, etc. Depending on the evolution of vaccine technology, it can be divided roughly into three phases: the first-generation epidemic.
The upgrading of vaccine technology is essentially a process of antigen precision and optimization, and the country is currently in the process of upgrading and developing vaccine technology for the third generation. The outbreak of the new crown is increasing the population.
Health-protection awareness also accelerates the path of new technologies around the world to maturity. A detoxification vaccine: a pathogen that has been treated with reduced toxicity but retains its immunogenity.
Inoculation vaccine: first culture the virus or bacteria and then kill it by heating or chemical agents. Subunit vaccine: extraction of bacteria, virus-specific protein structures through chemical decomposition or controlled protein hydrolysis, screening of immune-active fragments of the vaccine. Subunit vaccine is a vaccine made of the pathogenic microbacterium.
Reshaping a gene vaccine: also known as a biosynthetic sub-unit vaccine or a recombinant sub-unit vaccine, refers to the use of protective antigens as expressed in the original or authentic nuclear cells and as a vaccine with a gene product-protein or multipolymeric.
Reorganization of the viral vector vaccine: Gene engineering is used to induce immuno-protein/subunit genetic marriage to a virus that is not pathogenic or very pathogenic, and the vector virus is used to bring genetic fragments into human cells, thus leading to an immune response.
Nucleic acid vaccine: A genetic vaccine, including dna and mrna vaccines, which refers to the direct input of coding of immunoprotein/subunits into human cells and the use of human cells to produce antigen proteins, thus inducing an immune response for the purpose of preventing and treating diseases.
Figure 12: Three Generations of Vaccine Technology — A DTP: Sustainable Irrigation of Organ to Immunize Responsive with no need for septic; but partial toxicity is retained, allowing for a “toxic return” phenomenon
• Inoculation vaccine: safe, easily preserved: but with a short period of immunisation and primarily stimulating immunisation of the body fluid subunit vaccine: the antigen composition is purer, avoids the creation of unrelated antigen-induced antibodies and reduces by-product response and other related diseases; however, the immunoplasm is low and needs to be shared with the saed.
• Reorganisation of the gene vaccine: higher safety and purity; poor immunisation, requiring the inclusion of an immune booster as a second-generation vaccine
• Reorganization of viral vector vaccines: better immuno-effects and more pure antigen compositions; but higher requirements for transport storage — nucleic acid vaccines: simple development process, relatively high safety, long-lasting immune response; but external dna has the potential to integrate into host genes to render the genes active or degenerative, while continuously expressing external sources
The antigens can have negative consequences, such as immunosuffibility.
Since 2000, the global vaccine market has undergone two stages of rapid growth and steady growth. Until 2000, vaccines had long research and development cycles, high investment and high risk, and could not be used as a slow-disease treatment drug for long periods of time. Most pharmaceutical companies were less motivated to invest in vaccine research and development.
The global epidemic market continued to grow at a high rate in 2000-2010, driven by the speed with which the warming and transportation of the world’s climate accelerated the spread of infectious diseases, the accelerated development of new vaccines, the high priority that governments attach to the epidemic industry, and the growing awareness of the population of preventive health care. According to a study by Kararamainformation,
The global vaccine industry grew at an annual compound rate of about 28.40 per cent between 2004 and 2008, but the rate of increase has gradually tended to trend since 2010 Figure 13: The drivers of high growth in the global vaccine market, according to data from the evaluateparamarmaworldpreview 2020, shows the size of the global vaccine market in 2019
About $32.5 billion, representing 3.6 per cent of the global market for prescriptions and non-prescription drugs in the field of treatment, is ranked fourth, while the report also predicts that the global vaccine market will reach $56.1 billion in 2026, a combination of 2019-2026, with the upgrading of vaccine technology, the determination of multi-price trends, and the listing of multi-pound star products, all of which will be in the middle of the year.
In terms of competitive patterns, the global vaccine market has now created four major vaccine monopolies, GlaxoSchul, Mossathon, Pfizer, and Sai Nofi. According to the annual reports of four companies, GlaxoSchul, Mossathon, 2019.
Pfizer and Sénofie achieved revenues of $8.655 billion, $7.967 billion, $6.504 billion and $6.42 billion respectively, accounting for 26.63 per cent, 24.51 per cent, 20.01 per cent and 19.75 per cent of the global vaccine market, respectively, and the annual global vaccine market size of $32.5 billion), with a fairly high concentration.
Figure 15: Income from four major vaccine giant vaccine operations in 2019 Figure 16: Global vaccine market share in 2019
According to the vast majority of market shares, Pfizer's Prevnar 13 sales received the highest volume of $5.847 billion, accounting for about 18 per cent of the global market, followed by Gardasil/gardasil9 in Mercado, with sales of $37.37 billion, accounting for about 11.50 per cent of the global market, and the top 10 vaccines sold totalled $22.145 billion, which together accounted for the total.
The market share of the ball is about 68.14%. We believe that the high quality of multipriced seedlings is gradually being highlighted, and that the replacement of single-priced seedlings is a more definite trend in the industry; moreover, as can be seen from the research and development pipelines of the four major vaccine giants, the therapeutic vaccine, the new technology vaccine platform and some of the vaccine fields (rsv vaccine, hev vaccine, etc.) that are not yet under control are the current breakthroughs in research and development.
While the vaccine industry itself has high technical barriers, firms can only consolidate their market position by continuously enriching their R & D pipelines and introducing high-quality, demand-driven vaccine products, while increasing their competitiveness.
2.2 Our vaccine market is less concentrated and will continue to expand in the future. In our country, the vaccine market can be divided into immuno-prophylaxis and non-immun-prophylaxis vaccines.
In addition, immunization planning vaccines are usually mature products, combined with government procurement, larger purchases and lower marketing and circulation costs.
The Expanded National Programme for the Implementation of the Plan for Immunization, published in 2008, shows that the six national immunization plan vaccine bases, including hepatitis B vaccine, BCG vaccine, polio vaccine, Pegasus vaccine, measles vaccine, white and white vaccine, are being used throughout the country.
Wind vaccine is included in the national immunization programme, which provides routine vaccination for children of appropriate age; in addition, haemorrhagic fever vaccinations are provided to key populations in priority areas: anthrax, hook-end helix disease or a flood disaster that could lead to a hook-end helix disease outbreak, emergency anthrax and hook-up vaccinations are administered to key populations.
Non-immunized vaccines are vaccines that are not included in national immunization plans and are usually purchased by residents at their own expense. Product pricing is higher than planned vaccines because of the higher cost of developing and developing them, the volatility of procurement, the higher cost of marketing and public education, and the higher cost of circulation.
In 2015-2018, as a result of the illegal operation of vaccines, the overall safety risks in the industry were higher, the market grew at a slower pace, and the associated legal policies were improved and new vaccines were introduced into the country, which led to a rapid increase in the size of the market. In terms of sales revenue, the size of our vaccine market has been increased since 2014.
Of these, the market size of the vaccine was reduced from $6.4 billion in 2014 to $3.1 billion in 2019, a trend that has been slowly declining in recent years; the market size of the non-vaccine vaccine has changed, in contrast, from $16.9 billion in 2014 to $39.4 billion in 2019.
Some of the existing vaccines are no longer sufficient for public health needs in terms of safety, effectiveness, or quality, and the potential for growth of the high-end, new vaccine market in the country will be considerable. With regard to the bulk issuance of vaccines, the total issuance of vaccines has remained relatively stable in recent years.
The number of batches of type II vaccines has been rising year by year since 2016, while the number of seedlings is slowly decreasing. We believe that this trend is in line with the logic and direction of industry development: while the current category I vaccine is still the dominant consumer in our country, and the volume of batches of vaccines outside the sea is small, private sector involvement in the vaccine market is high and vaccine products are increasing.
In an environment where abundance and the heterogeneous effects of the same species are evident, it is clear that the bulk of vaccine monoliths are more favoured by the market, so the bulk distribution of the second type of disease is expected to reach a higher percentage. In terms of industry concentration, our country is “dispersed,” compared to the oligopoly of the global vaccine market.
According to the data of the National Drug Control Authority, there are currently 45 companies (including seven State-owned) that have a national vaccine code number (as of 2021.02.23), of which there are 13 companies with a national drug code number 1 and 9 companies with a national drug code number 2 and a national drug standard.
There are only four companies with a product size of five, with the exception of seven State-owned companies, and only four companies with a national drug-specific code number of more than five, with a low concentration of industries. Moreover, the country’s vaccine products are now dominated by one seedling and one seedling of multiple seedlings, and with the development of many new and heavy-pound star products in recent years, the country’s vaccine production has grown.
We believe that 2020 will mark a turning point in our vaccine industry: 1. With the enactment of the 2019 Law of the People’s Republic of China on Vaccine Management, the safety, effectiveness, and quality of vaccine products will be effectively regulated and controlled, while at the same time
In the context of the State's encouragement of the scaling up, intensification and support of basic and applied research in vaccine production, the concentration of the epidemic seed market will increase significantly, and the advantage of leading companies will become more evident; 2. Although the vaccine industry is starting late, the country's large varieties of vaccines, such as Hpv vaccine, will soon be released and, in part, the varieties will be harvested.
During this period, the continued research and development of the vaccine industry in the country has accelerated the pace of development of the vaccine industry; the new crown of 3.2020, the epidemic has not only shown the feasibility and applicability of three generations of vaccine technology to the new coronary pneumonia vaccine, but also to the more vaccine; the company has provided reference and learning opportunities in the follow-up product development; and the new co-opt of the disease has improved the health protection of the population.
At the same time, awareness of vaccine prevention has been strengthened, contributing to increased vaccine penetration. 3. Agency cooperation has been steadily advancing, with a significant amount of star products being released. The company and Mercerton have been working on market promotion since 25 April 2011 to take charge of the Mossadon vaccine product in China.
Imports, promotions, sales, etc. in land areas, where companies are now listed and selling agent products with 23 valent pneumonia vaccine, 4 valent Hpv vaccine, 9 valent Hpv vaccine, 5 valent rotavirus vaccine and 5 vaccines against the live hepatitis A vaccine. And as the 4 / 9 valent hpv vaccine is approved in our country, the company’s purchase of agent products from Mercado is increasing year by year.
In addition, according to the latest promotion agreement signed between the company and Mercerton on 23 December 2020, the purchase of Hpv vaccines during the 2021-2023h1 period could be increased to an upward trend, and the purchase of the remaining proxy varieties would be stable, depending on the actual situation.
3.1 The country's Hpv vaccine market demand is far from being met, and the competitive advantage of high-priced seed products is evident. Hpv is widespread in nature, and according to the Vision Life-Text Note, 70% - 80% of women will be infected with Hpv at least once in their lifetime.
The risk of cancer can divide Hpv into two categories: low-risk and high-risk, and high-risk Hpv infections are considered essential for almost all cervical cancer. Globally, most cervical cancers can detect high-risk Hpv16 and 18 sub-types, of which Hpv16 has the greatest potential for induced cancer. Low-risk Hpv6 and 11 sub-types are sharper than most genitals.
There are currently three Hpv vaccines on the market: two-priced Hpv vaccines (16, 18): four-priced Hpv vaccines (6, 11, 16, 18): nine-priced Hpv vaccines (6, 11, 16, 18, 31, 33, 45, 52, 58).
It's a reorganisation of dna technology, a shell of Hpv type that does not contain the virus dna, formed by a purified version of the 1st structure protein assembly. When humans are naturally infected with Hpv, the system of resistance to the virus is cellular immunisation, mainly in the cervix, and the level of antibodies produced is low enough to fight the virus again. The vaccine is a muscle injection.
Producing a strong and effective immune response in the human body, resulting in a drop in antibodies more than 40 times natural infections, will prevent infection of the virus. As can be seen from the genotypes covered by the different priced vaccines, the two-priced Hpv vaccine can prevent cervical cancers, changes in papv 16 and 18 infections, and prostate cancers: four-price hpv
Vaccines are more likely to prevent genital leech: while a nine-price hpv vaccine can prevent cervical cancer resulting from more gene sub-infection, according to international studies, a nine-price hpv vaccine can prevent 90% of cervical cancer. Cervical cancer is the second most prevalent cancer in women, after breast cancer, according to the data on the thoraciccancer.
The incidence of cervical cancer in the country has shown an upward trend in recent years, rising from 1198 per 100,000 in 2010 to 1656 per 100,000 in 2015. It is therefore particularly important that vaccinations be administered at the appropriate age to produce enough antibodies in the body to have a preventive effect.
In terms of bulk issuance, the total volume of Hpv vaccine issued in the country showed a marked upward trend from 2017 to 2020, with the total volume of Hpv vaccine issued in 2020 reaching 15.44 million. Of this total, gsk ' s second-price Hpv vaccine increased from 1.11 million in 2017 to 2.01 million in 2019, and the first two-priced Hpv vaccine produced in the country in 2020, as a result of its placing on the market.
Good protection, low side effects and relatively low prices have gradually replaced Gsk ' s share of the domestic market, with a total of about 690,000 second-priced Hpv vaccines issued throughout 2020, while 2nd-priced Hpv vaccines issued by Vantaa reached 2.46 million, with a combined total of about 3.15 million; and 4/9-priced Hpv vaccines entered China.
Since then, with a higher protection rate and a wider range of protection, the distribution of four-priced Hpv vaccine and nine-priced Hpv vaccine batches in the year 2020 has reached 7.22 million and 5.07 million respectively, an increase of 30.32% and 52.71%, respectively. Combined with the two-priced, four-priced, nine-priced vaccine, the size of the domestic Hpv vaccine market was approximately 136 in 2020.
The increase in the volume of Hpv vaccines issued in recent years reflects a strong demand in the domestic market, especially the nine-priced Hpv vaccine, which is currently eligible for vaccination at a narrow age range, coupled with limited capacity to produce, which results in a far less rapid supply of vaccines.
This is also why many companies have included the development of Hpv vaccine in the layout, with faster progress being made: the two-priced Hpv vaccine developed in Shanghai, the Vantaa, and the nine-priced Hpv vaccine developed in bozos.
The four-priced Hpv vaccine developed in Beijing is at the clinical stage 111, and the three-priced Hpv vaccine developed in Beijing's Happyguard biology is at the clinical stage 111. We believe that the competitive pattern in the Hpv vaccine market will remain relatively stable in the short term.
In addition, Mossad is currently running a nine-priced Hpv vaccine in China between 20 and 45 years of age.
Clinical trials of protective effectiveness, immunobisis, and safety in women, even after the approval of the next high-priced vaccine, have enabled Mossadon’s Hpv vaccine to maintain a higher market share based on pre-emptive advantage. But overall, whether the development of the national Hpv vaccine is advanced or the age of the imported Hpv vaccine is expanded, it will accelerate the push for the Hpv vaccine, which has a huge demand potential.
3.2 The HPV vaccine is expected to gradually replace the single-priced seedlings Rotavirus, a dual-chain nucleotide virus, which is one of the main pathogens responsible for diarrhoea in infants and young children, and which is mainly infected with small intestinal cortex cells, resulting in cell damage, diarrhoea, and, in serious cases, diarrhoea.
Dehydration. About 900,000 infants and young children die each year as a result of rotational viral infections in the world, most of them in developing countries. In our country, there are about 40 million infants and young children between the ages of 0 and 2 years, and about 10 million infants suffer from rotavirus infections every year, accounting for one quarter of the number of infants and young children.
The most effective measure is the introduction of the vaccine against the disease, which has no specific antiviral effects, and is therefore a self-repair disease, so that two rotavirus vaccines are currently on the market in the country, one-priced rotavirus vaccine produced in Lanzhou and one in Meshadong.
Toxic diarrhea, suitable for inoculation at the ages of February-3 years; 5-priced rotavirus vaccine, mainly for prevention of gastrointestinal infestation caused by g1, g2, g3, g4, g9 serotype viruses, 6-32 weeks old, with higher protective effects in terms of protection effectiveness, as it covers more serotypes
Power, more than 90%, for up to seven years of protection; single-priced rotavirus vaccine, only for a virus, with about 74% protection, and one year of protection. In terms of bulk issuance of the product, rapid release began in 2018, when Meshadong V vaccine entered the domestic market, rising from 790,000 bottles in 2018 to 2020.
In terms of research and development, the three-priced regenerative vaccine for Rotavirus is in the production stage, and Wuhan's oral dose is already in progress.
In our view, triple-priced and five-priced vaccines are still slightly weaker than in the short term, and Mercado's five-priced virus vaccine is still fairly dominant. In addition, based on the number of newborns per year in the country (11.79 million in 2019 and 10.03 million in 2020), rotasis is still evident.
There is room for further improvement in the penetration rate of poison vaccines.
Quantities of single-priced rotavirus issued by the State of land as a percentage of Mersadong 5x1 virus issued (million bottles) Quantities issued as a percentage of Meksatra 5x1 virus issued by the State of
Figure 35: Domestic firms and related progress in the development of rotavirus vaccines 4 and three autonomous research and development plates, which are on the verge of harvest
The main layout of the company ' s self-research products is in three main sections of the bacterial multi-priced seedlings, viral vaccines and tuberculosis control. The bacterial vaccine plates, which are mainly charged with the smart green price, have accumulated six batches of specific bacterial vaccine products as of 30 June 2020; the viral vaccine plates, which are carried out mainly by Ji Feilongcoma and contain a four-price influenza virus, are covered by the virus.
Several clinical projects, such as fission vaccine, rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) for frozen humans; the nodule control products are the same as those for Chi Feilongkoma, and there are currently 4 nodule products under study, and a matrix of products of the “tuberculosis diagnosis, prevention, treatment” system has been constructed with micro-cards already on the market.
Production review for listing is under way. As of 30 June 2020, there were 28 autonomous research and development projects, of which 16 were in the registration process.
Tuberculosis is a chronic infectious disease caused by tuberculosis bacterium infection, which can penetrate all parts of the body, but mainly the lungs. The bacterial activity of some organisms following the infection of bacterium bacterium bacterium has persisted, but the state of incubation control of organisms without clinical evidence of active tuberculosis is known as latent tuberculosis infection (ltbi).
Since 2007, tuberculosis has been the leading cause of death of a single infectious disease, one of the top 10 causes of death worldwide. According to the World Health Organization (WHO) Global Tuberculosis Report 2020.
According to the data, the global number of tuberculosis infections was about 2 billion in 2019, and the number of new tuberculosis cases was about 10 million, and the number of deaths was about 1.4 million: the number of new infections in 30 high-burden countries continued to account for 87 per cent of the global number of new infections, with eight countries accounting for about two thirds: India (26 per cent), Indonesia (8.5 per cent), China (8.4 per cent),
In the Philippines (6 per cent), Pakistan (5.7 per cent), Nigeria (4.4 per cent), Bangladesh (3.6 per cent) and South Africa (3.6 per cent), the number of new cases of tuberculosis in China is about 8.33 million, the incidence rate is about 58/1 million, the number of deaths is about 31,000 and the death rate is about 2.2 per 100,000.
Figure 37: The proportion of new cases of tuberculosis in eight countries in 2019 as a proportion of new cases worldwide shows that we now have the third largest number of new cases of tuberculosis, with a high burden of tuberculosis. Thus, anti-tuberculosis policies have also been frequent in recent years.
The National Tuberculosis Control Plan and the Plan of Action to Combat Tuberculosis (2019-2022) set out our national targets for the prevention and control of tuberculosis in the areas of morbidity and mortality, strengthening proactive screening of key populations, strengthening the control of tuberculosis in schools and promoting the control of tuberculosis among the mobile population.
The company's products on the nodule control plate are better configured, and the products on the market are micro-cards and i-kas. The products under study include the cow branch bacterium vaccine, the frozen dry recombinant tuberculosis vaccine, the leather injection of BCG and the cassino pure protein derivatives, and the six products form the corporate tuberculosis “diagnosis, prevention and treatment product matrix”, forming a more complete “tuberculosis”
Monitoring, diagnosis, immuno-defense systems. The highest progress in the development of a cow sub-collage vaccine (preventive microcard) is currently being reviewed for public production. 4.1.1 Reorganizing the nodule bacterium integration protein (ec): high sensitivity, speciality, simple operation
The precise diagnosis of TB infection and circulatory tuberculosis is two difficult and important issues for tuberculosis control.
Pulse skin test (tubercurinskintest, tst): tst is a skin test based on a late-haired reaction (dth) of the iv type, with a common reaction source of pure protein derivatives (ppd). tst is characterized by a simple operating list, requiring no special equipment or laboratories, but because of more than 200 antigen components in the ppd, it is split with BCG and non-tuberculosis.
The vibrio (ntm) has a large number of identical or similar antigens, which makes tst susceptible to cross-reaction and makes it look like a pseudo-combustant release test (interferongammareaseassays, gramra): there is a special effect of tlymphocyte in the fluids of the human body after the infection of mtb, when the body re-exposures the mtb special antigens (including esat-6, etc.).
cfp-10 and tb.7. The effect tlymph cells will produce and secrete gamma disruptors (ifn-gamma) to determine if the patient is ltbi by quantifying the level or number of ifn-gammas released. None of the BCGs and ntm contain these three proteins, thus safeguarding good detection properties. But the test is an in vitro immune diagnostic test.
The collection of extraneous human blood for detection on specific laboratory instruments. Some laboratory conditions are required and high flux tests are limited. There are some difficulties in mass screening at the grass-roots level, while the cost is high, limiting to some extent the antigen antibody detection: the underlying rationale for nodule antibody testing is to use known nodule-specific antigens for detection.
The company's reorganisation of the collusive mellitus (ec) is an efficient expression of mtb's esat-6 and cfp-10.
The combination of proteins is supported by fermentation, separation and purity of the integrated proteins (ec proteins). The esat-6 proteins and cfp-10 proteins have good immune activity that stimulates t-cell growth, induces the release of ifn-gamma, induces dth. The results of the ec clinical trials show that ec and 1gra tests have a high degree of speciality.
Consistency (88.77 per cent) and largely unaffected by BCG solves the problem of the 100-year-old nodule fungus product (ppd, etc.) not being able to identify BCG vaccinations and tuberculosis infections, and the market for use as an internal diagnostic product for the clinically assisted diagnosis of tuberculosis Bacterium infection and tuberculosis is promising.
4.1.2 The global leader of the BCG vaccine (for people infected with tuberculosis) is BCG, a live vaccine developed with live cattle to prevent tuberculosis and other bacterium infections, which is currently the only vaccine against tuberculosis. The level of immunization induced by BCG varies from one cause to another.
The average rate of protection for newborns after BCG vaccination is 85%, while the rate of protection for adults is between 0 and 80%, which is ineffective; moreover, BCG has the same effect on those infected with latent tuberculosis.
The clinical trials show that the vaccine is more safe and protective than the World Health Organization (WHO) in 2017, which published the "Who preferred new vaccine product for tuberculosis " , which estimates that the number of people infected with latent tuberculosis is about a quarter of the total population, and that the market space is large and competitive.
The competition is well under way. The size of the market is considerable, given the 350 million people infected with latent tuberculosis and the penetration rate of 1 per cent, and the combination of the ec diagnostic reagents is expected to increase the company ' s income and profitability. 4.215 price pneumococcal combination vaccine entering the iii clinical trial.
Pneumocococcus, the main pathogen responsible for acute respiratory infections in infants and the elderly, is the most prevalent bacterial respiratory disease. Pneumococcus not only causes pneumonia, but also gaspitis, middle earitis, sintis, meningitis and sepsis. Infants and young children are pneumonia due to underdevelopment of the immune system and degradation of the immune function of the elderly.
The domestic and foreign vaccines used to prevent diseases caused by streptocococcal pneumococcus are mainly 23 valent pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine (ppv23) and 13 valent pneumococcal combination vaccine (pcv13).
The serotype is infected with cytosis, and about 90% of pneumonia is caused by these 23 serotypes. The membrane multi-sugar antigens contained in ppv23 are t-cell non-dependent antigens that stimulate mature blymphocytes, but not tlymphocytes.
The response to the t-cell non-dependent antigens is poor, so multi-sugar vaccines do not induce protective immune responses for infants and young children. And the co-price of the membrane in the pneumocococcus combination vaccine has changed.
The nature of the immune response, from the t-cell non-dependent antigen to the t-cell dependent antigen, the antigen compound stimulates the auxiliary t-cell immune response. A baby can produce an effective immune response to the t-dependent antigen soon after birth, and a protein-combined antigen can induce immune memory when it is subject to the same chain of pneumonia as the vaccine.
In addition, adult and elderly vaccination against pneumococcal cogeneration is far more effective than multi-sugar vaccines. The currently listed Pneumococcal cogeneration vaccine is produced by two companies, Pfizer and Watson.
Pcv13 was granted access to the country ' s market in 2016, with bulk issuances increasing from 720,000 in 2017 to 6.42 million in 2020, while Watson creature pcv13 was granted at the end of 2019 and was released rapidly in 2020, reaching 4.47 million batches throughout the year. In 2020, our 13-priced Pneumocococcal combination vaccine was issued at 1,089,000 doses, despite annual issuances.
The volume is on the rise, but only about 2.72 million infants and young children have been covered by the four needle vaccination process, and there is still much room for improvement in the size of the market.
The 13-priced pneumococcal vaccine has a pcv layout in several vaccine companies in the country, of which the 13-price pneumococcal combination vaccine is the most advanced in Lanzhou and Conte organisms, and has entered the 111-stage clinical phase; while the 15-price pneumococcal combination vaccine is the only intelligent flying creature.
According to a company announcement, the project officially entered a clinical trial of 111 on 29 December 2020. The pcv15 developed by the Department is a prophylactic biological product covering the top 15 serotypes in the Asian region, 22f and 33f more than the 13-priced pneumonia vaccine, which corresponds to the dominant serotype distribution in the country.
The price of the product (Pfizer 698 dollars/agents, Watson organisms 598 dollars/agents) has been estimated to be around $7.2 billion in 2020. We believe that the company’s 15-priced pneumonia vaccine is more advantageous, and that it is expected to quickly capture a large market share in an environment of increasing penetration once it is produced.
The rabies vaccine is a rabies vaccine and anti-rabies serum that is used to prevent rabies.
There are currently four rabies in our market, with vero-cell vaccine based on animal-source cytogenesis, diephrocyte vaccine, chicken embryo-cell vaccine and people based on human-source cytogenesis producing large-scale vaccines, which in recent years have accounted for about 90 per cent of the total volume of rabies vaccine issued in our country.
The better safety, non-cancer, and higher immunoplasmic advantages than animal cell vaccines are the rabies vaccine gold standard recommended by who, but also because of the expensive and low-yielding characteristics of the current batch.
The total issuance of rabies vaccine has remained at 60-80 million in recent years in the country, of which two times the number of humans suffering from cytosis and the seedlings are the exclusive product of Concorchian biology, which was approved in 2014 and shows an overall upward trend, except in 2016, when they were affected by vaccine events. The total issuance of rabies vaccine was about 3.7 million in 2020.
In terms of research and development, rabies vaccine has been completed for frozen humans (two times the size of a human cell) for Beijing’s Chinese creatures. 111 clinical trials have been completed; rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) for frozen humans for smart-flying organisms is the most advanced.
Chengdu's rabies vaccine (2bs cells) is currently in its 111th phase, while Liaoning's rabies vaccine (two times the human cell) has just entered its 1st phase. The size of the domestic market in 2020 is about $10,36-11 billion at a price of $280-300 per dose of rabies vaccine for double human cells.
The production of follow-up products will be marketed to further increase production capacity, supply, add up the increase in self-consumption and awareness of double-cell rabies vaccine, market size as a whole and market share of double-cell rabies vaccine 4.4 brain vaccine system is complete, and mcv4 fills the domestic market gap
Epidemic meningitis, short-term encephalitis, caused by meningitis, Nessella (meningococcus), with the first symptoms of high fever, headaches, general acid pain, abstinence, cough, etc., some patients also have skin bruises, bruises, stiff necks and spray vomiting. These can be divided into multiple sugar antigens carried on the membrane of meningitis.
Thirteen serum groups, named as: a, b, c, d, x, y, z, 29e, w135, h, i, k, l, a and c, are the major sero-sero-sero-inflammation groups.
Vaccinations (mcv). Combining vaccines can stimulate t-cell immunization memory in infants and children under 2 years of age and induce immune effects. There are five types of cerebral vaccine products listed in the country: a group of meningitis, a group of c meningitis, a group of c meningitis, a group of c meningitis combined, acew meningitis 135 multi-sugar vaccine.
In recent years, the volume of mcv2 issuances has been rising year by year, reaching 7.92 million in 2019. Of these, the number of mcv2 issuances was approximately 6.07 million, or 76.64 per cent, for the largest number;
Compared to the United States, mcv4 in our market is still blank. Currently, a number of domestic firms are actively developing mcv4, the fastest-growing being Concino, which has reported production, and the state of Conte biology and Lan is at 111 days' notice.
The bed stage; the Quasi and Watson organisms are at the clinical stage 11 and one, respectively. mcv4 is better than the country’s current meningitis vaccine, which will fill the gap in the domestic market when it is marketed, and is expected to gradually replace low-cost, multi-sugar vaccine.
In recent years, the company has continued to strengthen market team-building and to push for a market-friendly strategy to further expand front-line sales teams, building on the existing market workforce, expanding market personnel in line with market demand, enhancing training and testing.
In 2019, the company had 1843 sales workers, accounting for 62.01% of its employees, and was in the vanguard of the industry. A strong marketing team had made the public department’s network more intensive, and by 30 June 2020 the company’s marketing network could truly cover the entire country.
31 provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government, including more than 300 municipalities, more than 2,600 districts, and more than 30,000 primary health service points (multi-town vaccination sites, community clinics) providing them with continuous, rapid, comprehensive and quality services.
In addition, since its inception, the company has been focusing on product R & D and technological innovation. Through more than a decade of continuous R & D and production practices, it has developed industry-led R & D technological capabilities and has provided technological roots for the sustainable development of the company.
The company has formed a highly qualified team of experts in research and development, with a high level of technical skills and extensive industry experience, and has focused on the introduction and development of research and development technologies, building on the tectonic research and development platform, and has participated in over 20 projects such as the Ministry of Science and Technology's 863 Project, Modern Medicine Technology, the Ministry of Science and Technology's major innovations, and the National Medicines Initiative.
As of 30 June 2020, the company had 367 R & D personnel; in the first half of 2020, it invested steadily in R & D and made a solid foundation for further autonomous R & D. In the case of proxy products, agency cooperation will continue in an orderly manner as a result of renewed cooperation agreements between the company and Mercerton.
Taking into account factors such as the relative strength of proxy products such as Hpv vaccines at 4/9 prices, sufficient market space and low current penetration rates, it is expected that the volume of bulk issuances will continue to rise in the future, and the related performance will continue to grow. We 2. With regard to self-research products, the company ' s bovine bacterium vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) is currently in the production declaration stage.
In the meantime, several self-research projects are in their 111th clinical phase, with an imminent harvest period, and the related performance is expected to be strong