Twilight Flying Organisms (300122): A series of depths, heavy weight products are listed on microcards in the Twilight Flying Organisms.
In other words, the nodule matrix is advanced, the company is a vaccine leader, selling it well and leading in research and development. The company's agent sells Mercerton, a vaccine leader in both research and development and marketing.
Heavy-pound and 9-priced Hpv vaccines, 5-priced rotational vaccines, etc., with a wealth of autonomous product lines, enterprises, including sales agents, selling heavy-pound varieties at 4 prices, including the sale of the products ac-hib triple seedlings, ec diagnostic reagents, researching the products of the cow-coated bacterium vaccine,
These are the company’s core autonomous products, the common vaccine, the ac-tuition vaccine, and the acyw 135 multi-sugar vaccine.
The follow-up report, which is one of the depths of the company series and focuses on nodule matrix products, will focus on the company ' s extensive development of pipeline layouts, including the hepv proxy varieties of the nodule matrix series and other autonomous products.
The top layer of nodule control: resolving the contradiction between the current high prevalence and the commitment to low prevalence. Today, about 10 million people worldwide suffer from tuberculosis, about 1.5 million people die from tuberculosis, and the number of cases of tuberculosis in China is in several places.
The focus on tuberculosis control has increased significantly in recent years, with eight departments co-published Curbing in 2019.
Our national tuberculosis control project has a combined annual budget increase of 23 per cent.
The number of ltbi infections in the country is about 350 million. On average, 5-10% of those infected are sick. In 2015, who proposed systematic ltbi surveillance and preventive interventions among high-risk populations, and pointed out that if the ltbi problem is not resolved, tuberculosis will be stopped.
The target is unlikely to be achieved. At present, only about 36% of new HIV infections and 23% of people under 5 years of age and under are receiving preventive treatment for tuberculosis, while the target for the tuberculosis control phase in 2025 is 1480190503
The source of the east's financial and intellectual boom, the Eung Heung Securities In-depth Report, the wise-flying creature (300122): one of the depths of the series, heavy weight products prevention is listed on microcards, and the nodule matrix is advanced.
Reorganisation of the nodule bacterium blended protein (ec) and the cow bacillus vaccine (preventive microcards) are the two main heavy-pound varieties that have been and are about to be marketed for diagnosis and intervention by people with latent infections, with an expected market size of $4.9 billion. 1) ec provides an optimistic programme for the screening of those with latent infections, with an expected market size of $1.1 billion. The current tuberculosis screening in the country uses tst tests, ec diagnostic reagents to address the false positiveness of the existing screening tool tst, and uses a faster application of igra to provide an optimist for the screening of latent infections.
The market for diagnosis is expected to be 1.1 billion yuan on the basis of population concentrations, high-risk groups, and medical examination facilities. 2) The vaccine for the prevention of latent infections is expected to reach 3.8 billion yuan after the microcards have been put on the market. The primary measure of preventive tuberculosis intervention is the preventive use of tuberculosis, which causes problems in practice, costs and toxicity (sub-effects) to the drug programme. Prevention of microcards provides an optimal method of intervention.
Prospective earnings and investment proposals: high growth in sales of corporate agent products, autonomy during the harvest period, and an increase in performance in the listing of heavy-pound products in the nodule matrix series. For the first time, coverage is provided, with a “recommended” rating.
The source of the east's financial and intellectual boom, the Eung Heung Securities In-depth Report, the wise-flying creature (300122): one of the depths of the series, heavy weight products prevention is listed on microcards, and the nodule matrix is advanced.
The company is the lead vaccine leader in marketing and research, the vaccine industry leader, and has a centralized equity structure. The company is the lead vaccine leader for both proxy and autonomous products, designated as the agency within our borders for the uniform sale of all vaccines imported by Mercerton.
The management of the company is concentrated in shares, and the chairman and general manager of the company, Jiang In-sheng, holds 50.7% of the company’s shares, and its co-activists, Chiang Hee-sheng and Chiang Feng, are equal in shares of 0.76% and 5.40% respectively, with a combined share of 56.87%. The parent company is the main source of sales, and the subsidiaries Green Bamboo and Longcoma are the producers of R&D.
The network covers 31 provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities, more than 300 municipalities, more than 2,600 districts and districts, and more than 30,000 primary health-care centres. The company now has five fully-owned and a participating subsidiary, of which Xiao Fei Green and Xi Feilongkoma are the company’s main research and development bases, with bacterial and virus-type vaccine products.
2. The agent product is currently the main source of revenue, and the autonomous product will gradually dominate.
The company is currently selling products such as an agent ' s 4- and 9-priced hpv vaccine, a five-priced rounder vaccine, a 23-priced pneumonia vaccine, a live hepatitis A vaccine, and an autonomous product such as ac-hib combined vaccine, ac-tuition vaccine, acyw 135 more sugar vaccine, and ahib vaccine.
Figure 4: The share of corporate agents and autonomous products will gradually dominate. Companies have listed autonomous products, including ac-hib 3-mode, four-priced glucose vaccine, which currently accounts for about 13%. Companies have a rich array of autonomous product R & D pipelines, including nodule matrix series products, with heavy weight ec diagnostics.
In 2020, it was approved for listing, with microcards expected to be marketed in the near future; the 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine was in its third stage of clinical development; and the company has developed a variety of marketable potentials, including a four-priced influenza vaccine, a double-digit rabies vaccine, a four-price brain combination vaccine, a group of 100-per-cent broken vaccines, etc., which will be accompanied by a gradual increase in the company’s own product performance as a result of the enrichment of the research product.
The new crown vaccine entered the clinical phase of three phases by the end of 2020, with an expected increase in performance in the form of orders from within and outside the country after its listing.
3. Nodule series products: ec diagnostic + microcard prevention market is expected to be more than $4.9 billion in size, 3.1 nodule top-level design: to address the contradiction between the current high prevalence and the commitment to low prevalence. Tuberculosis is a chronic communicable disease caused by tuberculosis infection, of which tuberculosis is the most important type. Tuberculosis transmission is from tuberculosis patients.
In particular, papillosia positives are transmitted mainly through the release of particles containing tuberculosis into the air. Around a quarter of the world’s population has been infected by tuberculosis, which can latently reach the infected person’s inner body, developing into tuberculosis when the immune system weakens, and about 5-10% of those infected with TB in their lifetime, 90-95% of whom are not infected or able to transmit the disease.
3.1.1 Current high prevalence: 1.5 million deaths per year worldwide, and the third largest number of cases in China.
Tuberculosis is the world’s largest single infectious disease killer. About 10 million people suffer from tuberculosis every year, and about 1.5 million still die of tuberculosis every year, with the number of deaths ranked first in a single global epidemic (above HIV/Aids). Most tuberculosis patients are concentrated in low- and middle-income countries, and about 90% of tuberculosis cases globally are concentrated in India, Indonesia, China, the Philippines, Pakistan, Nigeria, Bangladesh and South Africa.
In 30 countries, about two thirds of tuberculosis cases are concentrated in the first eight countries. Figure 7: Tb and neo-crowd pneumonia, 2000-2020, have the third largest number of cases worldwide, with a heavy burden of disease in China. 830,000 cases and 58.1 million cases per year of tuberculosis in our country; 3.3 deaths per year of tuberculosis
Figure 8: Percentage of new cases in countries as a percentage of the world in 2019
The 2015 WHO Strategic Objectives for Tuberculosis Control and Control, 1) Phase Target 2025: Reduce 75 per cent of tuberculosis deaths and reduce tuberculosis incidence by 50 per cent. 2) By 2035, global tuberculosis deaths will have been reduced by 95 per cent and morbidity by 90 per cent (1.10 million cases to 10.10 million), with the post-declining targets and low-prevalence countries, such as North America and Western Europe.
The global incidence of tuberculosis has declined by only about 2 per cent annually in recent years, with a cumulative decline of only about 9 per cent between 2015 and 2019 and a 14 per cent decline in deaths during the same period.who indicates that a 75 per cent reduction in deaths in 2025 requires a further reduction in the existing decline trajectory through broader treatment coverage, rapid diagnostic techniques and optimized treatment programmes; between 2025 and 2035, the failure to achieve control goals through existing technologies requires the use of new nodules.
Figure 9 Anti-tuberculosis target tool requirements for tuberculosis control, 2025 and 2035
Achieving the 2025 target Progress towards the 2035 target Need to make effective use of existing tools to combat tuberculosis, complemented by health-care clothing
There is a need to ensure access to new tools from research pipelines, in particular:
Better diagnosis, including new immediate tests 2. Safer, easier and shorter treatment options 3. Safer and more effective treatment for latent tuberculosis infections
4. Effective pre- and post-exposure vaccines 3.1.3 The Government ' s commitment to combating tuberculosis was demonstrated by the launch of the Action Plan to Stop Tuberculosis (2019-2022), which led to a greater focus on tuberculosis control following the launch of the WHO-2035 tuberculosis control strategy.
The United Nations High-Level Conference on Tuberculosis, held in 2018, with the participation of Heads of State and Government and national and governmental representatives, followed by the signing of the Political Declaration of the United Nations High-level Meeting on Tuberculosis, which emphasized the goal of ending tuberculosis by 2030. In 2019, our National Commission on Health and Health, among other sectors, jointly launched the Action Plan to Combat Tuberculosis (2019-2022), which set the target of reducing the incidence of tuberculosis to 55 per 100,000 by 2022,