A study by the Unit of the Wirtschaftsprüfer International, December 1, 2022
The Savior has grown steadily, waiting for a return in value - a report on the value of the five grains (000858.sz) investment analysis - an expansion of the high-end white market and branding power in the market.
With the rise in the disposable income of our population and the increase in the net worth of the population, plus the inflation factor, it is recommended (for the first time) that there is a significant trend towards the expansion of the high-end white wine market.
The market is expected to benefit fully from the advantages of brands, and core resources. The Xiang Xianghua has achieved steady growth in performance, waiting for value to return, and the firm has a strong bottom with six major non-renewable core resources and strong barriers to competition.
In 2018-2021, the firm achieved business income of 21.7% cagr and net profit of 24.68% at the parent level. Revenues and profit increases are at the forefront of the industry.
Sfc: aak004 Optimization of product structure with notable reform results
Currently, the P5 series is the core pillar of corporate income, accounting for about 75% of the company’s total revenue. The Department is working on building super-high-end products such as the classic P5 as a new growth point for the company, while consolidating the core.
The Division will continue to focus on cleaning up sub-brands and optimizing product structures, which are expected to continue upwards.
Development of a strategic plan during the period “Five” will expand production capacity by investing in 15 brewing workshops, 8 wine-collecting rooms and related acillary facilities, adding 100,000 tons of original alcohol capacity, with the goal of doubling the original capacity.
White wine has always been one of China’s most important industries in the 5,000 years of China’s history. Chinese have a special interest in white wine because of the Chinese culture and affection behind it.
This is why there is no substitute for wine, beer, or any other type of wine. According to the data, since 2006, the white industry has had a far better sales income than any other type of wine.
The main categories and distributions of the white industry are: white wine, which is divided mainly into soy sauce, strong fragrance, and fresh fragrance. The strong fragrances represent five grains of liquid: the old cellars of the state, the river, the fate of the world, the fragrances of soybean, the vermin of the state, the gins and the gins, and so on. Currently, the white wine is distributed mainly in the Yangtze, the Xia River, the riverside of the river, and the yellow river basin.
Kotau, Guizhou (60519), Yusususu (000858), Yui River shares (002304), Jiu County cellars (000568), Shan Xi Xi (600809), Luang Farm (000860), Gui Goong (000596), Consorts of the present (603369), Caskets (603589), Seduce Industries (600702), Water Wells (600779), Wine Pickers (603198), Old White Wine
(600559), alcoholic wine (000799), Ilit (600197), Golden Seal (603919), Golden Seed (600199), Tin Yu Dynasty (00246), *st throne (00995). 1.1.2. Historical development of the white wine industry and current patterns of competition
High-speed development period - depth adjustment - gradual warming - high-speed development period: 2001-2010 as the “gold decade” of the white industry, rapid growth in the industry, local variations in taste, culture, etc., keeping the white industry in permanent co-existence with local brands, market appearances, etc.
A market pattern of “stronger and weaker.” Beginning in 2010, competition in the industry market opened up, and businesses began to integrate brands, channels and capital to enhance themselves and expand their marketing channels through reforms, restructuring, capital movements, etc.
Deep adjustment period: From 2012 to 2013, the white wine industry was hit hard by macroeconomic influences and restrictions on the consumption of the Three Kingdoms and anti-corruption policies, leading to a steep fall in the earnings of the white wine industry. Gradual recovery period: from 2014 to 2015, the industry began to shift to the buyer’s market, and the demand structure to commerce and the general consumer.
As a result, custom-made alcohol, electricity, and so on. In 2015, demand was gradually warming, with innovative white and personalized white wine becoming a new wave in the white industry, and industry’s low-growth transition to steady growth.
The market is polarized: after 2016, a new round of white wine has begun, but not all industries are growing, and the overall landscape of the white wine industry has ceased to exist, but has entered a period of triumph, price increases, and brand competition. The white wine industry has reduced the number of businesses above its size from 1578 in 2016 to 965 in 2021.
White wine prices drive the market: White wine production has slowed down since 2016, but industry income has grown steadily, and rising prices have become a central driver of industry income growth. Consumption growth has been a major driver of rising animal prices, thanks to the concentration of white wine brands in the Chinese economy: this round of consumption is shifting to business and public consumers, and consumers have become more aware of brand names and quality products.
Interest, brands of white wine show a trend towards centralization. After the slump in the white wine industry in 2012-2013, demand for quality white wine has shifted successfully.
1.2.1. A solid consumption base for the future growth of the white wine industry: with the country ' s rapid socio-economic development, per capita gdp has continued to grow, from a total domestic production of 53.86 trillion yuan in 2012 to a gross domestic product of 114.37 trillion yuan in 2021, which has more than doubled;
The total value also increased from RMB 39,771.37 per person in 2012 to RMB 80,975.79 per person in 2021; spending on consumption of food, tobacco, alcohol and alcohol by both urban and rural residents has also been rising, with rising consumption levels. According to the report on the family heritage of the 2022 high net Chinese population, China has 6 million yuan in net assets.
With 5.08 million households, 2.06 million households with millions of yuan in net household assets, and 130,000 households with 100 million yuan in net household assets, rising consumption will be the driving force behind the long-term growth of the industry. Meanwhile, the concept of “less drinking, good drinking,” rising consumption, will lead to an expansion of the high-end alcohol market.
White wine has three main attributes in life: drinking, socialization, and finance. As the consumer population has grown, from government consumption to public consumption and business dinners like this, the properties of white wine have gradually become more diverse, and the social attributes of white wine are more evident in such major events as holidays, weddings, parties, business dinners, and so forth.
The consumption of white wine has pushed the consumption of white wine up to a higher order - high-end white wine consumption. Many white wine fans collect high-end white wine on the basis that it will not expire, but will only be used more and more and more for value. According to data from the China White Alcohol Consumption Trends Report (2022), 43% of white wine is now purchased for parties, 23% for weddings, and 15% for 15%.
7% for a discretionary and 12% for others. According to AIDS counseling data, in 2023, the market for white wine businesses of our size and above will be $781.8 billion, a 10.2% increase compared to that for the digitally enabled alcohol industry, contributing to the reduction of efficiency gains in the white wine industry.
Consumer demand is polarized: according to the Chinese White Wine Consumption Trends Report (2022), consumption is relatively high at less than $300 and higher ends at more than $800. In view of rising consumption and consumer demand for quality, consumption is relatively high at $800.
Thus, consumer consumption of alcohol is no longer limited to table consumption, it has infiltrated investment, gifts, etc., even playing a special “social currency” role in day-to-day contacts and high-end socialization, the consumer's closing to high-end white wine, the rejuvenation of the consumer population: The China White Consumption Trends Report (2022) at the Kyoto Supermarket, which shows that white alcohol consumption is in the middle of the population.
The proportion of users buying white wine between the ages of 21 and 30 is 23%, the proportion of users buying alcohol between the ages of 31 and 40 is 48%, the rate of cost increases between the ages of 41 and 50 is the highest, and the proportion of users among the ages of 31 and 40 remains the core group purchasing white wine. The data show that the population is rejuvenating, and young people are growing into the dominant force for the consumption of white wine.
High rates of repurchase by consumer groups: The China White Liquor Consumption Trends Report (2022) at the Kyundong Supermarket shows that on average, consumers spend nearly three times in the next two months, with more than 60 per cent of back-to-back customers buying less than four days. White wine sales have continued to grow steadily in the first half of 2022, with consumers buying an average of 1.44 times a month; nearly 80 per cent of consumer purchases are concentrated on 1 to 2 items; and there have been multiple purchases.
Consumers of white wine buying behaviour have an average purchase interval of 4.61 days, of which 42.22 per cent have a different purchase interval.
As the Internet continues to spread and optimize, online purchasing of white wine is also accepted by an increasing number of consumers. Surveys show that more than half of consumers prefer to buy white wine online.
78%, 28 pct higher than “30+” users. When consumers customarily consume white wine on the line, online distribution channels such as live broadcasts, short videos, etc. will become a new trend in competition in the white wine industry.
In 1915, at Panama's Grand Fair, Chinese wine was known for its outstanding qualities, both in and out of the sea. The name “five grain fluids” came from a famous Spaniard gathering in 1909. At the banquet, the evening Celebrator was attracted by this “mixed food wine” made of sorghum, rice, rice, corn and five grains, specifically named “five grains”, which is called the “five grain fluids” and which is meant to be the five grains.
Since then, China’s name has grown to be known as Liquor Five. The Five Grains Group Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the Company) is a very large group of state-owned enterprises focused on alcohol, such as smart manufacturing, food packaging, modern goods flow, financial investment, and the health industry.
In 2019, the company sold 100 billion yuan; in 2020, strong; in 2022, the world’s most valuable wine brands were 50; and in 2022, China’s 500 most valuable brands.
According to the Chinese White Liquor Consumption Trends Report (2022) at the Kyundong Supermarket, 46% of white wines are traded, 32% in sauce, 17% in perfume, and the market is still dominated by white wines. The five grains, typical of the five grains, are one of the four most famous wines in the country, known as the five grains, the first wine in the world.
A product system. The company is committed to a global mix of brands with a full range of wines, covering 39°, 45°, 52°, 56°, 60°, 68°, 72° and other low levels of high school wine, and to a whole-product supply chain system that meets the needs of consumers at different levels: the first is a five-fruit branding series, including an intergenerational series, represented by the eighth-generation five-generation food fluids, and an ancient 501-five grain fluids.
(a) The cellar series, which is represented by the classic five-food fluids, and the custom series, which is represented by the culture of raw wine;
Three are the Xianlin Ecologic brands, which include herbs, which are represented by the Xinlin brands, and the special fruit wines, which are presented by the 100-story, snubbery, and the time-discretion brands, which are filled with wine from the original juices represented by the Asian brands. “1+3” in the “1+3” brand strategic system, “1+3” revolves around the core monolithic eighth-generation classic five-grade fluids, while “3” revolves around the heights.
Attitude, internationalization, fashionization into dimensions, building super-high-end 501-five grain fluids (i.e., the Ming pool, the clean pool series), the classic five grain fluids, and the low-level five grain fluids. The eighth generation of classic five food fluids as a core product of the company, based on inheritance and continuation of the classics, is a work of excellence.
Craft spirit, with three-fold upgrades in quality, packaging, and protection against forgery. In quality, the unique style of the five grain fluids is more prominent: “the fragrance is long, the smelly, the alcohol is thick, the entrance is good, the throat is clean, the taste is good, especially in the full and famous taste of wine”; in packaging, it is more refined, it is more qualitative, it is easier to open and it is better experienced; and in retrospect, it has bottle caps, boxes, and it is better to feel.
A smart-code management system consisting of multi-code connections, which allows the entire chain of product production, logistics, warehousing, and sales to be traceable. The eighth generation of grain fluids, as the company’s core single item, became the core pillar of the company’s high market share.
It's made in a “three limits” to make the 501 series a bead on the super-highly white crown, with three limits: 501,500 per bottle to workshop 501 and 501,500 per drop must be selected from the National Boming Casket, and every brewer must be selected strictly and must have more than 30 years' experience of brewing wine.
For the sake of honor, the Five Grain Group focuses further on the uniqueness, scarcity, high-end nature of 501 white wines, magnifying the financial properties of collections, and positioning high brands, with a price of $2899 per bottle as a single item in the company’s strategic high-end year.
A dark, golden bottle cap with a five-grain company, logo, engraved around it, and a bottle with a diamond graft engraved around it. The bottle is marked by the red of the palace walls, and the letters of the monthly gold cubes represent the years on which it is carried. The classic five-food fluids in terms of quality are made of five grains and wines for more than 10 years, in full accordance with traditional pottery storage.
In the case of the classic five-food fluid, when distilling the wine, the highly experienced wine-breeding technicians strictly follow the five-food liquid wine quality criteria, and the 100-pound wine can be graded with only about 15 pounds of the five-food wine. The classic five-food fluid, again selected in the five-food wine, has the quality of a 100-mile pick. The classic five-food fluids are based on P5 to build a high-end competition.
The firm’s forward-looking layout of 2000-3000 places provides more high-quality options for different levels of consumer demand, and the company intends to make the classic five-food fluids a new point of growth, working in five priority cities up north, expanding business marketing, and improving the price system for high-end products.
The "4+4" branding strategy system: In recent years, the group has worked to clean up its brands, optimize its product structure, and, faced with the weakness of the series of alcoholics, the company has proposed three principles of focus, namely, to core brands, to own brands, to middle- and high-value brands, and to develop three development ideas, namely, to be self-employed, to be large-area brands, to be a top-down distribution brand, and to work on creating a brand.
Based on these directions, the company developed a series of "4+4" wine products, the "4+4" series, which consists of a series of wine products, creating national strategic single products and regional priority products, resulting in four large national single products, consisting of five grains, five grains, five grains and five grains.
Four regional priority brands. 2.1.2. Strong, strong, ahead of the country's white wine leader, with other brands in the leading industry, business earnings and profits steadily increasing in double digits.
Cagr, 24.68%, is higher than the annual compound growth rate of business earnings, leading the performance industry. The white industry has been up and down several times, and the higher the liquor, the more it pursues brands and qualities, and the more the five-food fluid, as the old fragrant king, has its own unique formula and brewing skills, making it harder.
A comparison between the company and comparable companies, industry median analysis, taking into account the size of the company, business performance and so on, we have selected the old cellars of the State of Kyushu, Guai Goong, Ocean River shares, Kodai and Shanxi wine as comparable companies, while conducting a comparative analysis of the industry in conjunction with the medium value of the white wine industry.
Changes in corporate costs: Starting in 2018, the cost of corporate sales has remained at around 10%, the median value of the industry was between 15 and 18%, the median value of the industry was between 7 and 8%, and the cost of corporate control was significantly better than that of other brands. The financial cost of the company was slightly higher than the net interest rate of the company, which remained stable and slightly lower, but remained a leader in the industry, with net sales.
The unique nature of the natural environment creates a five-grain fluid uniqueness. The three-dimensional climate in the tropical to warm humid zones of South Asia, the interlocking mountain waters, the chronic and day-to-day temperature differentials, the high humidity, the abundance of soil, and the six main types of soil of high quality, such as rice, fresh soil, purple soil, are very suitable for growing crops such as sorghum, rice, maize, wheat, sorghum, etc., which are the main ingredients for producing the five grains.
High sorghum grown from the purple soil, which contains most of the starch powder, is unique to the five grains. And the five grains, weak, yoghurt and clay used in the cellars and silhouettes, are sticky, rich in minerals such as phosphorus, iron, nickel, cobalt, especially nickel, cobalt, which have only a small amount in the five-grain hydrate mud, and none in the other wine mills.
This is very useful for the survival of wine-breeding micro-organisms. The production of five grain fluids requires the involvement of more than 150 microbes in the air and soil, so that there is a natural ecological environment that adapts to the co-existence of more than 150 micro-organisms, which can only be found in the first city of the Yangtze. Natural nature gives five grain fluids a unique time of beauty.
Figure 27: The geographical location of the five grain fluids, the good white wine, must have a good old cellar. Half of the Chinese wine consumes it. Where does that fragrance come from?
A core and non-reusable resource of strong fragrance white wine, the company owns a large number of silos that continue to be used without interruption, beginning with the five-food reservoirs in 1368 (Kinghong Wu-yun-Yung-Yung-Yung), which continue to be produced continuously for a long period of time up to 654 years as the national focal cultural heritage conservation unit; the five-food silos and brewery are included in the National Industrial Heritage; and
To be elected to the World Cultural Heritage List of China; to be rich in functional micro-organisms in the quarries of the quarries of the five grains, the quarries of the quarries contain the only “living objects” that the National Museum currently has in its possession, through the permanent and uninterrupted evolution of the “breathing cellars for the pits”, which confers on the five grains the classic gloom's gloom of gloom's gloom's glooms and flavours.
And in order to keep this acupuncture alive, the five grain fluids are derived from the wells of the early caves, which continue for more than 650 years, and the fermented microbes live in the old cellars. In the millennia, the five grain fluids have been sanitized in traditional brews, and in their craft, they maintain the taste of the ancient wine, and in the course of its constant and repeated production, natural enrichment, screening and domestication are beneficial for the brewing of wine.
Microbes, which thrive in ancient cellar muds, have grown from one generation to the next, forming an extremely large community of microscopics of both size and variety. As a company’s unreproducible and superior core resource, the ancient swarms have become the cornerstone of the creation of classic five-food fluids of fine truffles, and have witnessed and experienced the origins and development of Chinese fragrances of white wine.
There are only five food formulations, which produce wine of excellent quality. The five foods have followed the special technique of the Chen Cube, using wheat, rice, sorghum, corn as a raw material for the production of the five grains, while the five foods formulations, which do not combine with the fragrance of the food and the characteristics of the wine produced, form “a long fragrance, a thick smell of alcohol, a good entrance, a clean throat, a clean throat, a good mouth”.
The style features of the symphony, the right taste, and especially the full taste of the wine, hold the head in the fragrance of the white wine. Food is for the wine, good wine is for the wine, and better wine is for the seed. Food cultivation is one of the most important ingredients in the production of high-quality wine.
In a high-quality production area, the five-food fluids upgrade a million acres of dedicated food bases throughout the country to grow special grains for brewing wine. Through the scientific management of the production, breeding, harvesting, storage, transport, standardization, precision, intellectualization of the supply chain, a complete improvement in the quality of the brewing of wine, a 100% traceability of the whole process of “a seed to a drop of wine” and a continuous production of high-quality wine to satisfy the elimination of alcohol.
The unique brewing process has created a unique microbe circle over a ten-mile barter. The process is unique, with many microbes growing and growing evenly, and “backings” forming different temperatures of fermentation as sugarated fermentants.
The fungi, enzymes, which contribute to the accumulation of esters, biome and fragrances, form the unique style of the product.
Accumulated brewing techniques, unique processes and micromechanical interrogatories, micromechanical fabric systems, the Information Management Authority area network, and scientific and systemic standards have created a unique microbiological circle over the Five Grain Group.
The “Black Bread” and the “Yao Snows” of the North Song era, the “mixed foods” of the beginning, and the fineness of the late five grains, have become liquids until today, as “China’s Favorite First Liquor.” Its long-standing brand, which is also a company’s core asset, is deeply entrenched in people’s minds, and one of the company’s most central barriers to competition.
A total of 39 gold prizes have been awarded since 1915 at the Panamania Exposition Gold Award and the five-food fluids have been awarded at exhibitions around the world. In 1995, Panama won the thirteenth International Trade Fair Gold Award, which casts an outstanding performance of five grains “80 years of gold medals”: in June 2002, at the 20th International Trade Fair in Panama, another single gold prize was awarded for white wine.
For six years in a row, the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five
In 1958, the State allocated $600,000 to the construction of the “jumping zone” on the south bank of the Qingsha River, completing the first expansion, bringing the total capacity to 1,141 tons of alcohol, making it the first size of a five-grain liquor factory. The second was in 1979, when $18 million was invested in the construction of a new production area on the north bank of the Qing River, covering 996 million square metres of land and 44.40 tons of alcohol production capacity. The third was in 1986.
Twenty-five million yuan was invested in the construction of a new 3,000-ton workshop in the main factory area of Jiangbei, covering 228,000 square metres, with a total output of 10,000 tons. The fourth was in 1992-1994. 800 million yuan was invested in eight constructions, covering 200,000 square metres. Two of the world ' s largest brewing workshops were built under the Margarita Sanctuary, with 6,000 cellar pools, bringing the total capacity of the factory to more than 90,000.
The fifth expansion was in 1995-2002, a high-speed cross-border development period for the group. In 1995, another 150 million yuan was invested in supporting construction. In 1997, China’s first call centre, with an annual packaging capacity of 80,000 tons, was completed.
Construction of a modern large plastic packaging plant with an advanced world area of 15,000 square metres. In 2000, huge investments were made to build a 40 million-ton brewery. The company built a five-fruit-skinned liquor industry, which covered a variety of plastic processing, molding, printing, pharmaceuticals, wine, electronics, transport, foreign trade, etc.
So, the Five Grain Group became the "Ten Mile Wine" of 7 square kilometres of land. It is a symbol of the "Men of Liquor."
Since 2012, sales of the five grains have remained at around 100%, but based on the peculiarity of the white wine industry stock, which is more and more expensive, the stock of the five grains has fallen short of the base, to the detriment of their capture of high-end markets. The expansion of production is key to achieving an increase in the capacity and sales of the five grains, and is also an important way to maintain the competitive position of the company’s high-end liquor market.
According to the company's announcement, the company will invest $4,861.043 million in the construction of 15 brewing workshops, eight wine-collecting rooms and related ancillary facilities, in accordance with the strategic plan for the development of the 14th Five-Year Plan. According to the company's 14th Five-Year Plan, it is expected that 1 million tons of stocks will be exceeded during the 14th Five-Year Plan.
The income from the company’s main operations is divided into five liquid products, a series of wine products, and other types of packaging printing, of which five liquid products and quantities are on a constant upward trend. As the economy recovers, the trend towards higher disposable income and higher net income for the country’s population has continued.
The product structure continues to be optimized, with strong price increases and greater profitability. With the full introduction of the product into the market, branding has been promoted, the series of wines have continued to be purged and optimized, and the firm’s core competitive advantages, such as branding, brewing technology, and assets, are non-repelicable, and the company’s barriers to high-end white wines are extremely high, providing a solid basis for a strong increase in the price of the five grain fluids.
Overall, the increase in consumption in the medium and long term has contributed to the expansion of the high-end white wine market, and companies are expected to maintain stable double-digit growth.
P/e (ttm) is 24.54, and the company is currently valued at a lower level from a comparable company p/e (ttm) over the same period. In 2022, the median industry pe was 30 x, taking into account the growth of the company’s performance, and we gave the company a valuation of 2022 p, which is significantly lower than that in Guizhou. Therefore, we believe that the market’s influence on the company’s brand is slightly underestimated, and in the medium and long term, the valuation
The return space is still in place. 4.3.dcf models show trends in high-end white wine.
With the rise in the country’s disposable income and the increase in the net worth of the country’s population, plus the inflation factor, the price of 1,000 yuan has increased with consumption, and the overall white and wine consumption market will accelerate towards better quality and better branding in the future. The trend towards concentration will be even more pronounced.
Companies set targets and optimized measures for the 14th Five-Year Development. At the beginning of the 14th Five-Year New Beginnings, the group is currently engaged in a series of reforms, including branding, product structural optimization, expansion of production capacity, marketing of channels, etc., and the company has set a “14-F” target. 1) During the 14th Five-Year Period, the five-digit fluids will continue to grow steadily and sustainably in two digits, until the 10th.
In the 14th Five-Year Strategic Development Plan, it is planned to achieve an additional 100,000 tons of raw and total production capacity of 200,000 tons, and to build up the country's largest pure-food solid fermented wine.
3) At present, there is a “nominal wine rate” of more than 20% of the five-food fluids, and during the “14-05” period the company will strive to increase the nomino wine rate of the five-food fluids by building the original grain base, fine-tuning management of the process, technological and skill development, adherence to traditional brewing processes, strengthening of scientific and technological innovation, advancement of the potential of the cellar ponds, and expansion of the production capacity. According to the above objectives of the company, the company will continue to work.
1. This report has been produced and published in Hong Kong by the China-Toon Securities International Ltd. (hereinafter “the company”) Ltd., a 33-year-old voucher dealer with license plate No. 1/4/5/9 issued by the Hong Kong CVM.