The depths of the five grain fluids (000858) are reported over the millennia, the fragrance classics - the depths of the five grain fluids (000858).
The company is China's first-painted strong and has a unique competitive advantage. The new leadership insists on product & channel reform, building on the eighth-dip-five, building on the second pillar of the classic five grain fluids. We expect a share of the circulation unit (millions):
The company is the first wine of the Chinese fragrance. The main brand focuses on the "Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-F
The second pillar – the Classic Five Grain Series – has been successfully imported into the market and is now in the full layout phase.
Through the Society for Best Practices, vip exclusives, consumer opinion leaders and consumer circles are nurtured, and the 2,000+ dollar price belts are activated. For classic five-food fluids, the company focused in 2022 on “three constants”: maintaining that the core strategic products that represent the company's year series remain the same, and insisting on the company's eighth generation as the company's eighth generation.
The second pillar of the product, other than the five grain fluids, remains unchanged and insists on building new core growth points for the future as companies.
Ge, successful in creating a channel-controlled system of division, and making brands thin (a series of wines focusing on five food springs, five grains, five grains of ol, five grains of cursing, sharps); and, in 2022, having taken a stick from the Chairman of Chin, building on the results of the transformation of President Lee Sunshine's five grains of “Ecosystem, Quality, Culture, Numbers, Sunshine”
Liquids, quality focus, classic five-food fluids, creative products, channels for enhanced digital marketing, direct distribution channels, enhancement of distribution channels, new situation opportunities, 22h1, direct sales revenue as a percentage of Bida Chu Woo-hoon
In 1994-2012, the P5 had the first share of Chinese white wine in a row of years, while maintaining it for a long time. The P5 brand was based on a unique competitive advantage.
In 2021, the company sold up to 29 million tons of wine and water.
• Successfully responding to consumer scene shocks, new leadership to test strength, new leadership from formerly Mr. Chin and Mr. Jiang Wenger to lead teams to respond to consumer scene shocks since February this year, and 11 of the country's 21 marketing strategic regions from January to April
Growth, January-September, was positive in 14 regions, with 22H1 corporate income growing by 12 per cent as a whole. 1. China’s first-past wine, an example of the world’s famous five-food fluids, 1.1 fragrances, with a long stream of sources.
The company is an example of China's strong and white wine. The company's main product, the "Five Foods and Waters" is our first wine. The company, formerly a "State 24" wine factory, was marketed in April 1998. The company's products are represented by the "Five Food and Liquids" brand, and has developed five food springs, five ol, five edibles, and cutting edges based on the characteristics of the production process.
In 2021, the company's main brand of liquid products was 49.12 billion yuan, representing 74.18 per cent of total revenue, selling 29.2 million tons, representing 16.07 per cent of total sales. Pu-V is a classic product of the company and has now been upgraded to the eighth generation.
In May 2019, P5 was upgraded to the eighth generation of products. The company actually controls the IQC, controls the IBN through the IBN Holdings, and IBF in Sichuan Province.
The company ' s shareholdings, 34.43 per cent, 20.40 per cent, together controlling 54.83 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings, have been growing in double digits over the last five years, with the company ' s total income/net return rising separately in 2021, with the sales of high-priced liquor rising to 86 per cent in 2019 and higher in 2019.
In 2021, the share of income from the P5 fluids/saloons was 74.18%/19.06%. In 2021, the company brand name was 8.29%/18.28%. The main product under the P5 label was the eighth generation of P5s, the classic P5s, and the second generation of P5s.
1618, 501 hydrates, etc., mostly high-end, with prices around $1,000; wine series focuses mainly on the four national strategic brands of spring, five cedars, five ecclesiasticals, and cutting-edges.
Figure 7: Corporate brand name and series of liquor products revenue and increase in unit prices led to an increase in unit prices. Disparity prices showed that in 2021, sales and unit prices were 15.26 million tons, 8.27 million yuan per ton, 2019-2021, and unit prices, respectively.
The share of revenues in the Eastern region of the company continued to rise. In 2021, the Eastern, South, West, North and Central regions of the company grew ahead, and in 2021 the size of the income in excess of the Western region became the largest region in terms of corporate income. Figure 11: Number of distributors in the Five Grain Regions (main brand)
Figure 10: Changes in the income structure of the companies by region 100 per cent, mainly as a result of the inclusion of part of the non-alcoholic income in total income. Volume.
Figure 12: Changes in the number of distributors by region of the company Figure 13: Average size of distributors by region of the company (millions of yuan) Recent years have shown an upward trend, mainly as a result of the rising share of high-priced products of the company.
Figure 14: Corporate Mäori Rates, Net Interest Rate Trends (%): Mäori Rates for Companies for Different Prices of White Wine (%) Figure 16: Mäori Rates for Corporate Brands and Series Wine (%)
Figure 17: Changes in the three major cost ratios of companies (%) The fall in the year was mainly due to lower costs for advocacy, market development, etc. As the white and wine industry entered the advanced adjustment phase in 2012, the company gave more market support to distributors, leading to a significant increase in the cost of sales, and with the company in 2018
Corporate management rates are falling year by year, largely driven by scale effects. Corporate financial costs are more stable, at -3%.
2.1. 2025 The white wine industry is expected to produce 950 billion years, and the Chinese Liquor Association issued the “14th Five-Five” Development Guidance for the Chinese Liquor Industry, which states that the Chinese wine industry plans to achieve a total of 66.9 million litres of brewing by 2025, an increase of 23.9 per cent over the end of the 13th Five-Five;
2.2 The White Liquor industry has grown in a squeezed manner and the market has been optimized The White Liquor industry has grown in a squeezed manner and prices have increased as an important driver of industry growth. According to the Chinese Liquor Association, the White Liquor industry earned $603.3 billion in 2021, an increase of 18.60 per cent in the same year, with a total profit of $170.2 billion.
With 32.95 per cent growth, the increase in income is mainly due to price increases. Looking back at the development of the white wine industry since the twenty-first century, there are two main stages: (1) the Golden Development Decade (2003-2012): before 2012, our consumption of white wine had a clear political agenda.
Consumption attributes. As our capital investments have increased since the twenty-first century (2000-2013, when our fixed assets were invested, annual sales of more than 1,1267,000 litres of white wine were made in our country, and annual sales increased at a compound rate in 2003-2012 (2), after 2012, by the influence of three public consumption and plasticizers, the white wine industry has entered a phase of squeezed growth: according to the country
According to the Bureau of Statistics, in 2016-2018, the white wine industry achieved a low-end output clean-up, white wine production patterns have remained largely stable since 2019, with a total production of 7.16 million litres in 2021 for the country ' s more than one-size-fits-all industry.
In 2021, the white wine industry reached 39.51%, it increased by 24.66pct compared to 2015, with a marked differentiation in the performance of the liquor industry and a rapid increase in the number of leading white wine companies.
In terms of sex and profitability, the top 10 white liquor businesses are far above the industry average. By 2016-2021, the average annual compound increase in the earnings of white wine businesses was 20% and 12% higher than the industry average; and by 2021, the ten white wine companies had a Maori rate of 10 white wine companies, with their own brand and channel advantages, accelerated the high-end process.
/net interest rate/roe is well above the industry average. Figure 23: Share of the eight largest Chinese white wine businesses by 2021 (%) Figure 24: Trends in the Chinese white wine industry cr5 (%)
2.3 The continuing expansion of the high-end white wine market The increase in disposable income and potential consumption of high-end white wine have contributed to the expansion of the high-end white wine market. In 2021, the disposable income of our inhabitants reached 35.1 million yuan/year, an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period, and 2013-2021
Cagr is 8.5%. The potential consumption of high-end white wine continues to grow as the disposable income of our people rises. According to data from the Private Wealth Report of China 2021, published by the Merchant Bank and Bain Corporation, in 2020 the number of high-value Chinese people (individuals with investable assets of more than 10 million yuan) reached 2.62 million, compared to 2018.
Our sales of high-end white wine have been growing in scale and the city’s share has been increasing. According to Frost Sullivan, my market share of high-end white wine has increased from 26.9 per cent in 2019 to 35.5 per cent in 2021, while high-end white wine sales have reached hundreds of billions and are expected to reach 160 billion yuan in 2029.
The price of high-end white wine is higher than that of the general public.
The average price of alcohol and the average price of medium- and low-grade white wine has continued to rise, from $842 (500 ml, 52 degrees) in 2015 to over $1,200 in 2022, and the average price of medium- and low-grade white wine (500 ml, 52 degrees) has risen from $158 to around $180, and the average price of high-end white wine has increased significantly more than the public.
High-end white wine competition patterns are clear, with a strong branding barrier. The "Black Five" is the three most recognized players in the high-end white wine industry. According to microbarrel data, in 2020, three people held 57/30/7 per cent of the high-end white wine market, and more than 90 per cent of the cr3 branding position was deep in the consumer mind.
The price-fixing strategy followed in the five grain fluids and Xiangzhou cellars, and the price-raising of the five grain fluids and Xiangzhou cellars opened up. The brand-shares were strong, with a share of 53% of the current vol/500m, and the price of the fly-throws was close to $3000. The supply of the huts was relatively limited and the demand for high-end alcohol was increasing, pushing the price of the huts to keep up.
High-end liquor price caps have also opened up space for price increases in the five grain fluids and the Penang cellars. Figure 29: Batch price changes over the past two years (in dollars) Figure 30: P5 price changes over the last two years (in dollars) with the 1573 batches of Chinese guests
3. Production capacity continues to expand, and the super-high end is expected to be a new engine, with a 3.1-p-5 boom, a strong consumer scene with a high degree of resilience, and a five-episode boom.
Prices are around $975 per bottle, and have been rising steadily in recent years. Prices remain strong in the first half of this year, under the influence of fluctuations in the consumer landscape and the rest of the season.
Operational efficiency, on the one hand, through the use of digital marketing, precision delivery and precision response to logistics responses through 15 silos; at the same time, companies have seized consumers to make up for their ulterior motives, staged subregional capture of caterers to develop and sustain new retail sales, ka power suppliers and high-end groups to buy and consume; and at the same time, companies have strengthened strategic regional mastery campaigns.
Decentralization of cost autonomy, personnel administration, team assessment, business appraisal, decision-making power, and market capture. According to the company announcement, in January-April 2022, the reverse increase in the national sales of the eighth generation of food fluids has already been achieved by about 50% of the year, with 11 of the country’s 21 strategic regions showing an upward trend, two of them.
The company currently has an original drinking capacity of about 100,000 tons, and the 1455 plan is about 200,000 tons. The company currently owns about 100,000 tons of strong white wine. In the 14th Five-Year Strategic Development Plan, the company plans to achieve an additional capacity of about 100,000 tons through the 2+2+6 master plan, with a total postnatal capacity of about 200,000 tons.
Figure 33: Fluctuations in liquid energy in five grains 3.3 Classic five-food fluids, strategic layout 2000+value band "1+3" product layout, corporate high-end white wine product matrix is improving.
Product layout, “1” refers to the intergenerational series (almost 70 per cent) represented by the eighth generation of five-generation food fluids, and “3” refers to the Ming-Silling Pool series, which is represented by 501-five grain fluids, the Year Series, which is represented by the classic five-food fluids, and the Customized Liquor Series.
Fig. 34: A matrix of food main brand products, 5-eight generation, classic five-food fluids.
Specially produced raw material, production process 501 % of the food liquid comes from workshop 501 Minggu Pin Lixen 1618, using the special hook of the five grain fluids, high-end strategic singles of the five grain fluids, oral senses.
And the ecological environment, which gives the five grains of wine a "pool, made of 30 years or so of wine brewers' hand-to-hand techniques, has made the historical weight and modern surfaces more visible in the main style of the five grains of fluid, which is,
The fragrance is so long, it is so thick, it's so good, it's so good. It's 501 bottles per year, each of which is a combination of technological innovations, five grains of fluid, and it's very stylish.
With a limited number, it's extremely scarce. Alcoholics and quality assurance are extremely visible.
The company's strategic strategy is to become another super-high-end white wine brand outside the flying platform, using the classic “bubbly bottle” design, with a strong nostalgia style. The company's strategy is to use the classic “bubbly bottle” product, a 2000+-priced white wine market, to become another super-high-end white wine brand.
Business and front-loading tests and the completion of the sales target of over 2,000 tons during the year. Figure 35: Classic five-food fluid “1+n+2” channel strategy 4.
4.1 The brand has a very long reputation, the brand has a very long history of re-engineering core values, and the brewing conditions of wine are very strong. The brand has a very long history.
The water, the growth of wine-breeding microbes, and the fermentation of wines provide an excellent environment. The source of the five grains goes back to Tang Dynasty, where St. Tuppy versed the "Breacon" and "Breazy Brea" and "Brea Brea." In Ming Dynasty, Chen was set up as his medium: during the era of Qing, Yang Heequat was named the "Five Grains" and gradually evolved.
To become today's "China's Fragrance First Wine." Figure 36: For more than 600 years, the Penthouse's cellar pool. Figure 37: The Core Monument 8Dip 5
The five grain fluids are of outstanding value. The historical origins of the five grain fluids date back to Tang Dung, more than 1,000 years ago, and have evolved through the famous Tang Dynasty, the North Song of Yao, and the Ming Dynasty, until this day, to become "China's first-ranked and first-ranked wine review party, with the top eight of China's eight most valuable wines in 2020."
In 2017, the company proposed a "1+3" high-end brand strategy and a "4+4" high-end branding strategy.
Price brands focus on strategy, eliminate redundant brands, and concentrate on building core monolithic products. Since 2019, companies have continued the system of wine products, streamlined highly imitated products of value from the heavy five-fruit brands, retired 42 brands, 129 products in 2019, cleared 12 brands in 2020 and seven brands and products in 2021.
Item 509, which focuses on building four national strategic brands: five food springs, five grains, five grains, five grains, and cutting edges, with a focus on “self-employed brands, medium-high-value brands, dominant brands”.
The project started with the successful launch of the eighth generation of the five-generation system of food products, and the introduction of the five-generation system of food products.
Launch of the strategic high-end "1+3" high-end brand, "1+3" product
"Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five."
The product system, for the "P5" strategy to build a more clean system of wine products.
The whole of the food fluids has been achieved at a steady price, forming a 501-percent dietary end product.
Clarity of high-end products, fine packaging ups and ups, year of wine series.
National department of the Liquor Company; implementation of a series of wines and successful import of classic five-food fluids.
One-show, five-grain, four-plus-four, high-end pool series.
New products of the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Five-Five-Five-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F4-F-Five-F4-F-F-F-Five-Five-Five-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4
In 2017, the company pushed for a flat-level change, moving to the terminal through the “Many in the Tens of Cities” project. In 2017 alone, the company added more than 400 specialized stores, with the total number of total stores reaching more than 1,000: “Man in the Tens of Cities” project, phase I has also been implemented in 46 priority cities across the country.
In addition, in 2017, the company went to the “Five Grains” shop on the basis of cooperation with traditional integrated power providers and operated simultaneously in six cities in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengzhou, Chengdu and Yi Bin in the same year. In 2021, the company sold $11,595 million in direct sales and 2019-2021 in revenue.
Figure 39: Corporate distribution, revenue from direct sales and speed of increase
(1) At the beginning of its development, the company used a large-scale business system to take over the market. In 1994, the five-fried fluids exceeded Shanxi Liquor and became the Chinese White Liquor One; until 2003, in terms of income and profit volume, the five-fried fluids had been the first-ever white wine business in a series of years.
(2) While the big business system is conducive to the rapid growth of firms, the big business system makes companies less able to control channels. As the white wine industry enters a phase of squeezed competition, the big business system’s ills are becoming apparent, for example, when the white wine market is in a state of dissipation, and when large businesses in different regions offer different prices.
Disruptions such as cross-regional traffic now affect the brand image of companies. (3) Since 2010, companies have improved their ability to control channels to some extent through marketing centre zoning (in seven major regions), direct distribution patterns, etc.
(4) In 2019, the company’s online digitization system, which imports the control board’s profit-sharing model, i.e., through layering, layering, swipeing, real-time control of sales by businesses, transparent management of channel sales, real-time monitoring of channel anomalies, and efficient synergy of channel cooperation. On the one hand, the digitization system is online, enhancing companies’ perception of market changes.
On the other hand, the control of channels has been strengthened to reduce low-value dumping, cross-regional movements and the fair distribution of profits from downstream channels.
Figure 42: Companies ' top five clients ' sales revenue as a proportion of total revenue
Promotion of channel flattening reforms, opening of new retail outlets, uplifting of old items, retail loss groups, offline loss lines, 2017.
Underline: companies have established three main channels of traditional, acquisition and innovation, while the number of traditional outlets has remained essentially stable, while at the same time active efforts have been made to build study houses in priority cities and at key ports to expand the number of buyers, and to facilitate the transition to the end of the pipeline. In 2017 alone, companies added more than 400 special stores, with a total number of more than 1,000;
• On-line: the official shopping mall, the Five Foods and Cloud Shop, and the Digital Wine Certificate platform have been set up; the first phase of the project, “Manufactured shops in hundreds of cities” has also built more than 7000 core terminal sites in 46 priority cities throughout the country.
In addition, in 2017, the company went to the “Five Food Shops” and operated simultaneously in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengzhou, Chengdu and Yingbin cities in partnership with traditional integrated power suppliers.
Traditional terminal channels: companies advance ka channel supply chain integration and enhance the fine-tuning of major, super, exclusive channels. Marketing organizational changes are implemented to import board profit models. Companies complete modern camps from traditional marketing to “horizontal specialization, knitting”
Emerging channels: Self-employed official flagship stores are being built steadily, in cooperation with mainstream power-marketing platforms
There is strategic cooperation among clubs, etc. Reforms have been introduced, with special outreach to key markets in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Chengzhou, 8 highland markets and 14 provincial capitals.
A series of liquor companies has been restructured to integrate the existing series of wines, features, and fragrances. The company has developed a digital marketing system, which allows for the smooth import of control board fractions, real-time control of sales, transparent management of channel sales, real-time monitoring of channel anomalies, and efficient coordination of channel cooperation.
4.3 A smooth transition between the old and the new leadership. A smooth transition has taken place since 2022.
Prior to taking office, Mr. Chin had been in the company for more than two years, and since 2019 he has been in the company's position as Managing Director of the Five Grains Group and Chairman of the Five Grains Equity Company. Mr. Jiang Wenger took over as Managing Director of the company the same month, as did Mr. Zhang Woo, Ms. Liang and Mr. Sho Ho, who took over the company's board of directors in May 2022. Mr. Chiang Wenger has been in the business for many years.
Since 2018, INS has been a member, director and deputy general manager of the P5G Corporation, familiar with the company ' s business and experienced.
1. High-quality white wine: the company ' s high-quality white wine production is expected to continue to grow steadily as the construction project progresses; with 2) the wine series: in recent years, the company has concentrated on building four national brands: five food springs, five ol, five grains, five troupes, and four cutting-edge national battles, with branding and total distribution brands as strategic synergies, continuous optimization of the brand structure and series of wine products
The company has a unique competitive advantage, and the new team insists on product and channel reform, building on the eighth-dip-five, and on building the second pillar of the classic five-food fluids. We expect that in 2022/2023/2024, the author of the company will have the qualification or considerable professional competence to offer securities investment advice from the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and will be independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.