The Vietnam epidemic and the Xinjiang cotton incident continue their long-term logic and look forward to an increase in market share.
• The Viet Nam epidemic/Sinjiang cotton incident will not change its long-term logic, looking forward to an increase in market share, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, maintaining the long-term core competitiveness of Xinjiang cotton and overseas epidemics. At the demand level, the global growth of international brands will continue to be significant, with companies less affected by the epidemic in terms of competitive patterns, and are expected to seize the market through active expansion
Field share. Considering the low impact of the rise in raw materials and the successful expansion of productive capacity, we maintain profit projections, the Vietnam epidemic exacerbates the scarcity of global supply chain resources, and the impact of the epidemic on the productive capacity of companies has been limited. In July 2021, a new outbreak broke out in Viet Nam, with a maximum of 12,000 cases diagnosed in one day, Ho Chi Minh City and weekly in South Vietnam.
The main reasons for the high prevalence of disease in the border areas, the steady spread of disease in the company ' s factories and the continued functioning of all factories include: objectively, the concentration of production capacity in northern and central Viet Nam, far from the regions affected by the outbreak of the current epidemic; subjectively, the high priority that the company attaches to safe production and vaccination, with more vaccines distributed through donations, which are already in place.
100% first inoculation, with preparedness for emergency preparedness and immunization week meetings to reduce uncontrollable factors. • International branding has continued to grow worldwide since the Xinjiang incident, looking at the increased market share of corporate capacity at the end of demand: international brands have continued to grow significantly globally, driven by a recovery in consumption demand, and
The company’s factories are mainly supplied to the European and American markets of international brands, which are less affected by the Xinjiang cotton incident; domestic brands have the potential to demonstrate international market demand and explore ways to cooperate with companies in the sea. Companies optimize their customers in high demand and develop a new client, ononrunning/Arthurs/nb, to increase the Māori rate, and new customers quickly establish a deep chain with the company.
Competing, orders are expected to be scaled up. The pattern of competition is: global capacity is in short supply, the abundance/fontae, which has the power to expand beyond companies, is seriously affected by the epidemic, and the recovery of capacity takes time, while smaller manufacturers do not have the power to expand on a large scale, companies are less affected by the epidemic, are at a good time to expand their capacity and are expected to take their share of the market.
Corporate Information Update Report 2021h1 Revenue + 2021q3 Light Seasons, with companies still able to expand productive capacity steadily, break through capacity bottlenecks, increase productivity and release capacity to enable future performance growth
The company releases its capacity through the opening of new plants, double shifts, and expansion of existing plants, meeting the pressing needs of its original and newly developed clients for capacity. We expect the company to expand its capacity well, the Corporate Information Update Report - 2021h1 performance form.
The company's first cover report - a share of the future of Shinzhou International - core recommended logic
Since March 2021, Xinjiang cotton, increased prices of raw materials, increased shipping costs and the spread of the Vietnam epidemic have caused market concerns about corporate orders and capacity: (1) Viet Nam, as a major source of energy, has exacerbated the scarcity of global supply chain capacity resources, and how the Vietnam epidemic affects corporate capacity? (2) Nike, etc.
How does brands affect corporate orders in the country as a result of the Xinjiang incident? (3) How does a company steadily expand its production under the epidemic, breaking through the capacity bottlenecks? (4) How does rising prices of raw materials affect company costs? (1) Benefit from the geographical location of the plant away from the affected areas of Vietnam and focus on safe production and quarantine workers.
In doing so, the local epidemic in the company ' s factories is stable and all productive capacities are functioning properly and less affected by the epidemic; (2) the company has a better time to actively expand its capacity, benefiting from strong domestic and foreign demand and from the current competitive patterns, before raising its Māori ratio by optimizing its client structure and adding customers to the market in the future.
(iii) The company ' s capacity is now well under way and is expected to expand its capacity through the opening of new plants, the introduction of double shifts and the expansion of the existing plant in three ways to meet the pressing needs of its former and newly developed clients for capacity.
(4) Companies adopt cost-plus industry pricing rules, as can be seen from the process of collating raw material price confirmation, and the rise in raw material prices has less impact on company costs.1 The Vietnam epidemic has exacerbated global supply chain resource constraints and limited impact on productive capacity
1.1. The location of the Wally plant is far from the area affected by the outbreak of the current epidemic, the disease is stable and all the factories have been functioning. Since July 2021, the number of new confirmed cases in Viet Nam has increased rapidly, and since September the number of confirmed cases has been maintained at 12,000 on a single day.
This round of Vietnam’s epidemic is concentrated in Ho Chi Ming City and surrounding areas in the south of Viet Nam. The company’s factories are located in the centre and north of Viet Nam, far from the disaster zone in the south of Viet Nam, and production is proceeding in a sequenced manner.
Production has been suspended. In the largest overseas factory, the Yumoto Industries Group, with 56,000 employees, stopped work on 14 July 2021 and was scheduled to resume work at the end of July 2021, but has been delayed due to the delay in controlling the outbreak in southern Viet Nam, and the latest announcements by the Boeing Group and the Fontaine Group have now been postponed until September.
Figure 1: Single-day diagnosis of neo-crowd pneumonia in Viet Nam (average of 7 days, in units of case) has increased significantly since July 2021. Wally Group plants are generally built on the outskirts, although the costs of paving roads and electrical wires in the early stages of construction will be higher, but because of their remoteness from other industrial parks, they have lower separation rates, higher employee stability, and more stability.
This epidemic has reduced opportunities for cross-infection with other factory employees. Figure 2: Wally’s plants are located mainly in northern Viet Nam 1.2, Wally’s plants are accelerating vaccination progress, with emphasis on hygiene education for employees.
(1) The Wally Group’s plant is located in northern Viet Nam, where the policy of disease prevention and control is directed mainly to the mainland China, where the movement of people is controlled while also accelerating the vaccination of employees. The company provides some assistance to the local government during the outbreak, so it gives priority to the company’s factories when the government distributes vaccines.
A group of vaccines have been donated to the Vietnamese government and some of the company’s factories have also been distributed to China. The Wallies are now accelerating vaccination of workers in the factories under the flag, with different vaccinations between factories, one of which is now the first to achieve 100% first vaccination, expected by 2021.
At the end of September, 50% of workers in the Wallies factory in Viet Nam will receive the first dose of the vaccine. When it is suitable for the second dose of the vaccine, the local government will send medical personnel to give the second dose of the vaccine to the factory staff. (2) In addition to the emphasis on vaccinations, the company attaches great importance to the safe production of the workers and to the prevention of the disease.
It's important that the company's staff understand how to prevent the epidemic. Some of the company's cadres were systematically learning about public health, and so on.
Health system knowledge workers have provided companies with valuable advice on safe production, minimizing the possibility of uncontrollable factors as far as possible.2 International brands have continued to grow globally since the Xinjiang incident, looking at company capacity expansion
2.1. Demand-side: International brands are still growing globally, domestic brands are accelerating their exploration of international markets. In terms of overall revenue growth in the single quarter, the Great China region of international brands has been more affected by the Xinjiang cotton incident, but overall income growth has increased significantly, driven by a recovery in global consumption demand.
China has seen a sharp drop in revenue growth of 34 pct to 17.4% and an overall increase in income of 93 pct to 93.5%. The company’s factories are supplied mainly to the European and American markets of international brands, which are supplied by domestic capacity, and therefore by the Xinjiang cotton incident, the core brand customers’ footwear are growing faster. According to the quarterly reports of the brands for the first quarter of 2021, nike, nike.
Deckers, puma, ua shoe sales increased by 89.2 per cent, 50 per cent, 19.3 per cent and 48 per cent respectively, with Puma and ua increasing by 108.6 per cent and 85.4 per cent at 202iq2, respectively.
The Māori ratio rose by 5.9 to 28.6% between 2021h1 from product and client structure, on the one hand, and productivity gains from automation and precision production, on the other. In the context of high demand for orders, the Division has a higher voice, which reduces client structure by taking into account client development stages.
The client capacity of the segment has even been withdrawn and new clients with potential for growth have been introduced. The 2021h1 company has largely completed its client structure, the cr5 client ratio has been optimized, Colombia will gradually fade out of the client system and release capacity, new customers are now receiving revenue from Arthur 2021q2, and newballance orders are still in production.
Collaboration in water testing is quick to build deep links, and new client orders are expected to be available. Prior to the change, the supplier was mainly in the form of a seamless shoe surface, a dilated shoe that required a combination of bottom, formula, molding, and a more difficult technology, with the company providing not only its own modeling plant, but also its in-house chemical team providing the formula and seamless technology.
Skilled (self-research machines patented), with a strong R & D + high human effectiveness + fast delivery core, quickly establishing deep links with onruning, which is expected to grow faster in the future and higher unit prices for onruning products and improved interest rates in the future.
There is a demand for domestic brands to expand international markets and explore ways to cooperate with companies before closing down all factories in the country in 2015.
The process has accelerated and the experience of overseas supply chains accumulated by companies in long-term collaboration with prominent international brands has enabled domestic brands to go to the sea, but due to the short-term supply of and demand for company capacity, exchanges with domestic brands are still under way and it is expected that they will be expanded and re-engaged with domestic brands.
2.2. Competition patterns: supply chain capacity will continue to be strained, and the group is in a better position to expand it. Vietnam, Indonesia, is the main producer of international sports brands. 2021ffy, plants in Viet Nam, Indonesia, and China produce 51%, 24% and 21% of Nike total footwear, respectively, and we believe that due to overseas epidemics,
Global production capacity is in short supply, companies are in a better position to expand their capacity, and companies are expected to take up their share of the market in the future. In addition to companies, Xujin and Fontaine, which have the power to expand their capacity, are seriously affected by the epidemic.
Notices of stoppages have been issued several times since 21 July, and there has been a delay in the suspension of work at the dv, dp, do, dvm, to and ds factories in Viet Nam; the announcement issued on 3 September by the Xuwon Group that the outbreak will have a significant impact on 202103 revenue, as a result of 45 per cent of Vietnamese shoe-laying sales, while the revenue increase for July-August is positive in terms of the single-month revenue disclosed by the Xumoto Group
The rate of expansion will slow, while smaller manufacturers do not have the power to expand their production capacity on a large scale. Figure 8: The impact of the epidemic, with Xumoto Group income rising at a negative and declining rate since July 2021q3, with companies still able to expand their capacity steadily and break through.
Because many shoe productions were affected by the epidemic in 2021, and because many customers wanted the company’s goods to be produced earlier than in previous years, the company was still in a low season, and the order was still full at 2021q3. The sales side of the client’s statement reflected that the shoe industry continued to grow at a faster pace, but because of the ability of the shoe industry to replace it.
The rate of expansion is slower than the rate of sales of shoes, and several sole sole sole sole sole sole sole sole sole sole sole owner of shoes are affected by the epidemic, which will continue over the next two to three years.
The expected future growth in corporate revenue is largely due to the expansion of capacity, which will be carried out in three ways: (1) to continue with the new plant as planned; (2) to double shifts; and (3) to expand the existing workforce.
Figure 9: The expansion of the company ' s capacity is proceeding steadily and the opening of new plants is proceeding smoothly as planned. In Vietnam, 2021h1 companies are operating three plants, namely, Weiwei, Yongshan, and Honghing, and are now able to climb. The construction of plants in Indonesia and Myanmar is progressing smoothly, as planned.
In the second half of 2022 and the second half of 2023, factories in Indonesia and Myanmar began to grow, and the company currently operates a double shift system, using overtime hours to the maximum extent possible, subject to compliance, to meet as much as possible the strict control of entry and exit of personnel from the current department of clean-up in which the company works.
In the case of trucks, drivers from high-risk areas require 48 hours of nucleic acid certification, drivers from medium-risk areas need 72 hours of nucleic acid certification, and drivers need three days of testing. After clearing the province, strict controls on the entry and exit of personnel, the company factories are working very well to clear local recruitments, and the recruitment rate is increasing.
The company expands and improves the production capacity of the former Vietnamese plant, making shoes, including needles, diagnostics, shapes, etc. The formation process is critical, with companies adding plastic lines to increase output accordingly.4 The increase in the price of raw materials has a lesser impact on the cost side
(1) For purchases of general materials required by the company, the brand customer designates the supplier and fixes the price of the raw materials, the company simply makes the order in the supplier catalogue; the monthly inventory is quoted at the intermediate price of the hoard price and market price.
(2) The prices are usually divided into spring break and autumn winter seasons (in the case of nike, in the case of the second phase of development, where the price is determined by the company, when the price type and the raw material volume base is specified (3), the customer will place a formal order, and the supplier will have to negotiate with the customer first.
Benka’s price model suggests that upstream suppliers need to communicate with downstream brand customers when the price of raw materials increases, and eventually brand customers fully assume or require companies to share a small share of the price pressure. Overall, the price factor increases in raw materials have little impact on companies.
The global growth of international brands is still significant at the demand level, with companies being less affected by the epidemic in terms of competitive patterns and expected to capture market shares through active capacity-building.
The impact of the rise in raw materials has been minimal and the expansion of productive capacity is progressing well, and we maintain profit projections, with an expected worsening of the overseas epidemic in 2021-2023; frictions in international trade; and rising labour costs.