The tcl semiconductor material plant in Tianjin City was established in 1958.
The country’s long-standing, technologically advanced semiconductor semiconductor, single-crysilica material manufacturing industry, has so far grown deep into more than 60 farms. Companies insist on innovation-driven development, leading to industrial applications of advanced technology and advanced manufacturing methods in the industry, and the main business revolves around silicon materials, forming a model for the development of new energy and semiconductor dual-industry chains. 2. The rapid rise and fall in silicon prices has a greater impact on downstream profits: (1) the light-voltage main industrial chain benefits when silicon prices rise rapidly; and (2) silicon prices fall rapidly.
When it falls, the main photovoltage chain will be affected, inter alia, by the apparent loss of impairment of raw materials; (3) when silicon prices slow down or slow up, silicon increases at a rate less than that of a component, the profit from the silicon downstream link is expected to remain better, and vice versa. In 2024, q3, the price of silicon, silicon, and components remained stable, largely supported by cost, and we believe that industry prices are already at the bottom, and corporate profits are expected to rise back.
3. Corporate silicons have a significant competitive advantage, and the indicators are at the forefront of the industry: (i) at the end of the line: the firm’s market share is stable and the industry’s oligarchy is stable; (ii) at the end of the profit: the company’s Māori rate is one of the best in the industry; (iii) at the end of the cost: indicators such as corporate productivity, cost control, etc. show excellent performance and a clear overall cost better than second-line enterprises; and at the end of the spectrum, corporate R & D inputs, per capita income generation, per capita remuneration, and asset-liability ratios are one of the best in the industry, with significant competitive advantages as the Middle East.
The Division’s profits are expected to be gradually reversed, and the company’s pb is now at its lowest level in history, undervalued, and maintains a “buy-in” rating. Companies have a significant competitive advantage, with significant cyclical capacity.
The tcl semiconductor semiconductor semiconductor material mill was established in 1958 as the country’s long-standing, technologically advanced electronic class semiconductor single-crystal silicon material manufacturing enterprise, and has so far grown deep in the field. In 1981, the company entered the photovoltage industry.
In 1999, Tianjin Middle Ring Semiconductor Company Ltd. was founded, and in 2007 was listed at the bottom of the market. In 2020, a merger of corporate ownership reforms was completed, with tcl technology becoming a controlling shareholder; in 2021, the 9 billion fixed-sum project was completed, the g12 high-efficiency battery project was officially launched, and then the central ring was renamed tcl. The company has always adhered to the green ecological concept of “Blue Sky and White Clouds for Humanity” and has always pursued innovation as a driving force for development.
Leading industrial applications of advanced technology and advanced manufacturing methods in the industry, the main business was organized around silicon materials, creating a model for the development of new energy and semiconductor dual-industry chains. Focused on more than 60 silicon materials, creating a model for the development of new energy and semi-conductor dual-industry chains.
By 31 March 2024, the company owned 29.91% of the company, and its founder, Mr. Lee Dongsheng, was its chairman. Figure: Corporate equity structure (as of 31 March 2024)
Intra-firm growth has been strong, with high growth in silicon silica output. Māori rates show a decline in the Māori rate of silicon/components/semiconductor materials/photovoltaic power station in 2023 from 22/8 per cent to 29 per cent per 45 per cent, respectively, with industry entering deep price wars, silicon and component operations in the second half of 2023.
Intra-firm growth was strong, silicon output was high, silicon, components, semiconductor materials were high. In 2019-2023, corporate operating income grew from 16.9 billion yuan.
Intra-firm growth capacity increased strongly, from 30gw to 114gw in 2019-2023, with a combined increase of 40 per cent; component output reached 7gw in 2023; and other silicon material output increased from 452 million square inches to 737 million square inches, with a composite increase of 13 per cent.
Intra-firm growth was strong, silicon output grew at a high rate, corporate Māori rates stabilized in 2019-2023, and net interest rates fluctuated by multiple factors. In 2019-2023, company Māori rates remained stable at around 20%.
In 2024, the industry entered the “polar inner volume” phase, with the company having the lowest net interest rate of q1 in 2024 and the Māori rate of nearly 10 years, reflecting the fact that the entire industry is now in a state of darkness.
The firm has a significant competitive advantage, with significant cyclical capacity, and the rapid rise and fall in silicon prices has a greater impact on downstream profits, and there is a correlation between the photovoltaic component, the silicon price movement, and the company's Māori rate, the net interest rate fluctuations. We've reprogrammed the silicon component, the silicon price.
The correlation between the trend and the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate fluctuations reveals the following pattern: (1) between 2012 - 2015 and 2018 - 2019, silicon prices fell more than their price, but photovoltaic subsidy policies triggered a surge in loading, with higher demand from the industry leading to higher levels of profitability; (3) in 2020 - 2021, silicon prices rose significantly, exceeding those of components, but downstream enterprises could enjoy higher profits from the appreciation of raw materials. (4) After 2022, silicon prices remained high.
The rapid rise and fall in silicon prices have a greater impact on downstream profits, and the rapid rise and fall in silicon prices have a greater impact on downstream profits. By recycling the photovoltaic industry components, silicon price movements, and corporate Māori rates, net interest rate fluctuations.
Linkivity leads us to the following conclusions: (1) Silicon main industrial chain benefits from rapid price increases; (2) Silicon main industrial chain will be affected by apparent material impairment losses, etc., when it falls rapidly; (3) Silicon price increases are less rapid than component increases, and profits from downstream silicon are expected to remain better, and vice versa. In 2024, q2, the industry again experienced rapid declines in silicon prices and silicon seasons.
In the third quarter, the prices of silicon, silicon, silicon, and components remained stable, largely supported by the cost side, and we believe that the prices of the industry are almost bottom-lined, and that corporate profits are expected to rebound. The firm’s silicon has a strong competitive edge, with indicators at the forefront of the industry.
The firm’s silicon market is stable, with Māori being one of the best in the industry. The silicon industry has a double oligopoly pattern, as seen in the city of Top2, which has declined since 2022, to 57% in 2023, and the city of Top5 (Lonki, Central, Twins, Hiro Won Green, and Kyoutyo) which reached its highest level in 2022, with Māori at 22%, one of the best in the industry, reflecting the company’s advantages in silicon manufacturing and production end.
Corporate silicon films have a significant competitive advantage, with indicators at the forefront of the industry, where R & D costs and R & D rates are higher. In terms of R & D costs, the central ring and Lungi inputs are larger, with R & D costs exceeding $2 billion in 2023, and R & D inputs significantly higher than competitors.
Table: Comparison of R & D costs of Silica at the Lumps. Figure: Comparison of R & D costs of Silicon at the Lts
Corporate silicon films have a significant competitive advantage, with indicators at the forefront of the industry where per capita income generation and per capita pay are at a preponderant level, contributing to the company’s long-term growth. From the per capita income generated by silicon enterprises in 2023, the average per capita income was about 3.03 million yuan in 2023, at a higher level in the industry; and from the per capita remuneration of silicon enterprises in 2023, the average per capita wage was about 190,000 yuan, one of the highest in the industry.
Research and development inputs to promote industry at 4.0, operating at 4.0, and the quality system at 4.0. Companies are industry leaders at both Māori and per capita income generation levels, thus also sufficient to pay back higher per capita wages for their employees, contributing to team stability and long-term development.
Corporate production efficiency, cost control, etc. are excellent indicators, with total costs clearly superior to those of second-line firms. Companies insist on upgrading industrial manufacturing by 4.0, with emphasis on the intellectual level of bioproduction, with production efficiency and cost control leading the industry. In 2023, company per capita crystal productivity was 25mw/person/year, 71% higher than industry, 27mw/person/year, 98% higher than industry; crystal power strength was 16.7°/kg, leading industry headwater.
29% flat, 0.028 tonnes/kg water strength, leading the industry headline level by 7%; 74,000 degrees/million pieces of chip power, leading the industry headline level by 7%; 458 tons/million pieces of water, leading the industry headline level by 47%; corporate silicon silicon head by about 0.03 yuan/w; corporate financial health, the Middle East project is expected to continue to improve competitiveness.
By the end of 2023, the company had a capacity of 183gw silicon silicon and, in the context of the accelerated turnover of industry-n products, continued to upgrade its flexible manufacturing capacity, a small number of enterprises that did not produce sunk assets during the current cycle of technological upgrading of the PVCD, laying the foundation for business follow-on development. Corporate asset indebtedness was low, financial health was healthy, and there was a reversible expansion capacity at the bottom of the industry cycle.
In July 2024, the company announced its intention to work with a subsidiary of the Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia (hereinafter referred to as “pif”) and the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund (hereinafter referred to as “pif”).
Renewablegenergylocalation Company (hereinafter referred to as “relc”) signed a Shareholder Agreement establishing a joint venture to build a 20gw optical crystallized crystallization project in Saudi Arabia (hereinafter referred to as “the Middle East Project”), with a total investment estimated at approximately $2.08 billion. tcl is based on a 40% share, relc shares 40%, and a 20% share in videoindustries. The Middle East project was established on the basis of a “one-way” basis.
A national approach to capacity-building strategies to address the potential for future increases in global trade barriers is one of the main options for domestic photovoltaic enterprises from post-South-East Asia, and is expected to further enhance corporate global access and productivity advantages.
Companies have a significant competitive advantage, with a significant cyclical capacity, pb valuations that have a strong reference value for companies, and are now at their lowest level in history. Companies with industrial 4.0 manufacturing, high-intelligent, high-automated high-quality production capacity, are also part of the technological upgrading cycle for this PVCD, and a small number of enterprises that do not produce sunk assets, pb valuations have a stronger reference value.
Measuring the data, we find that the company pb has reached its lowest valuation in history, which is about 0.8 times the current pb, showing a more obvious underestimation. Key assumptions: (1) We believe that the price of the photovoltaic main industrial chain will be stable this year, that the next two or three-line enterprises will be phased out as the industry continues to lose, that supply and demand will improve, that the silicon industry will continue to maintain a double oligarchic pattern, and that the company ' s s silicon silicon portfolio is expected to be 135/181gw in 2024-2026.
At the bottom of the grid, corporate profits are expected to be gradually reversed, and the current company pb is now at its lowest level in history, undervalued, and maintains a “buy-in” rating. Table: Comparable companype valuations (based on the consistent expectation of ifind, paid-off on 8 August 2024)
Foreign trade policy plus code;
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a corporate unified social credit code: 91530007557165982d.