National Golden Leaflet (60188.sh) Integrated Tourism Industry
(a) Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than average industry value and higher performance of duty-free shops (China) on a day-to-day basis, with the exclusion and impact of the scale meeting expectations:
By April 2017, 51% of the share acquisition for the Japanese tax-free shop (China) was completed. The first half of the company’s revenue and net return profits were increased by the Japanese tax-free bank (China) on the day of the acquisition, respectively, by 1,362 million yuan and 52 million yuan.
1362 million yuan and 102 million yuan, with a net profit of about 408 million yuan in 2017 (assuming that the tax-free shops per quarter and the net profits of companies increased by 9.2 per cent and 13.5 per cent, respectively, depending on the impact of the schedule).
The tax-exempt performance of Sanya Island has contributed significantly, and the tax-exempt Maori rate has not yet opened the way for improvement: in the first half of 2017, two South Hainan duty-free shops (the Sanya + Sea Pass) achieved a total of $4.23 billion in duty-free sales.
/+26 per cent, or 12.1224 million shopping/32 per cent. Of this amount, 3A tax-free shops achieved tax-free sales of 2,223 million yuan/+25 per cent, and shop shopping of 67.24 million/+27.5 per cent.
3. “The Hong Kong Airport Smoking and Wine section, winning the Hong Kong airport rating”, 2017.4.7 Tax Shop (China) and showing the overall net interest rate of the company after impact was 11 per cent, the same level as last year.
The company will benefit from the growth in the endogenous performance of the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shop, the increase in the Maori rate and the exemption from the city's in-country exemption 4. The Hong Kong Travel In-depth Report - Tax-Free Dragons rise to power, the location of the tax-free shop: 1) The performance of the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shop: Sanya tourism market is driven by environmental advantages
In addition, high-end hotels and entertainment facilities in the Bay area will be concentrated in 2017-2019, and improvements in recreational facilities in the Bay area will increase the number of duty-free shops. 2) Increase in the Māori rate: companies have won competitions at various airports (capital airport, Hong Kong aircraft).
The tax-free market's business rights have been raised to raise the Māori rate. At the same time, the participation in stock market days has improved the company's procurement channels and is influenced by differences in the Māori grade, which is expected to rise from 45 per cent to 55 per cent over the next three years.
Five municipal tax-exempt shops with licence plates in Beijing, Shanghai, Dalian, Qingdao and Xiamen, with intra-city tax-exempt (8621) 60230244 weili1@gjzq.com.cn
The business is expected to continue with the Sanya tax-free shop. With the airport’s business model, the airport has the right bargaining power, opening an intra-city tax-free shop can become a new growth point, while at the same time capturing the outside world.
(8621), 60933978 tourists, as well as tourists from the Mainland, are in line with domestic consumption-promoting policy trends.
Without taking into account the increased performance of the tax-exempt shops at Guangzhou and Hong Kong airports, it is currently calculated that the high rate of airport upgrades has led to a decline in net interest rates;
Māori rate does not rise as expected Analysis of the relevant Report Rating Ratios in the market and then averaged the final rating as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.