The capital airport is expected to enter the winning bid period, and the city store is expected to bid duty-free at the capital airport at yjs_zhangy@dwzq.com.cn. 30 June 2017 for procurement and recruitment.
The network publishes "Advanced Candidates for the Exempted Operations in the International Zone of the Capital Airport " , and the fully-owned subsidiary of the company is the first successful candidate for the tax-exempt operations in the International Zone of the Capital Airport.
The first winning candidate. The new round of business is eight years.
(The realization of this transaction is dependent on Japan winning the second target of the capital airport, namely the t3 terminal's tax-free zone of international exit and the international entry zone.
After the results of the invitation to tender at the capital airport are published, the original operator's transition period is six months, before a new deduction can be introduced after the official handover, and if there are exceptional circumstances, the transition period can be repeated.
In a new tender contract, the “Japan China” and the chart will have a positive impact on the company's performance in 2017, with an expected increase in net profits of around $100 million. Intra-city tax-free shops are expected to begin.
Inner shop operations (Beijing, Shanghai, Qingjia, Dalian, Xiamen), where Beijing and Shanghai shops are closed for lack of exit points. In the new tender at the capital airport, an agreement was made to reserve points for the winning party (i.e., the two winning parties to each other).
So if the winning bid is avoided, then it means that the city store in Beijing is in a position to reopen, and now the company has set up a preparatory unit for the city store. However, at the moment, the market is limited to expatriates and Hong Kong's compatriots.
In the future, companies will actively pursue their own shopping policies, which are expected to be an important growth point in their tax-exempt business. Tax-exempt policies are expected to ease further, high-end consumption returns, and domestic duty-free markets grow.
China’s consumer consumption of luxury goods was $116.8 billion worldwide a year, and Chinese buy 46% of the luxury goods globally, nearly 80% of which were consumed abroad. In Seoul, 2.2017.4.13 The scale-up Māori rises.
Tax-free shops, for example, for the third consecutive year of 2014-2016, sold more than 4 trillion won (approximately significantly increased performance, t3 contributed 24 billion yuan won to profits), 70 per cent of which came from Chinese tourists, far higher than Koreans and Koreans.
There is still a possibility of reversal. Japanese consumption. We believe that, against the backdrop of the country’s encouragement of the return of overseas consumption, the country’s policy of duty-free entry stores, in-country shops, off-island taxes is expected to go further.
Focusing on overseas M&As and domestic resource integration
4.206.4.24 Accelerating “Go Out” to foster new environmental risks; market risks; and operating risks