The Chinese brigade (60188.sh) reported a significant increase in tax-exempt income from Japan and China. In the semi-annual report of 2017, the Chinese brigade reported an increase of 12.568 billion yuan, or 22.46 per cent, compared to the previous year.
The net profits of the shareholders of the municipal company were 1.300 billion yuan, an increase of 17.47% over the same period. Of this amount, the revenues from the acquisition of China's tax-free business increased by 1,362 million yuan, contributing 13.27 percentage points. Revenue from tourism services remained essentially stable after the deduction of China's gross revenues after China's entry into the market.
The company’s tax-exempt business expansion has made significant progress. The company’s licence to operate alcohol and tobacco products at Hong Kong Airport has been granted free of charge.
The company and its Japanese counterpart have been granted tax-free business rights at the capital’s airport t2 and t3 and have succeeded in bidding for the 11 airports that have entered the country. The company’s management thinking and operating logic will be adjusted by adding to the state’s reforms and taking over the company’s new leadership.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 1) The international political security situation affects travel in and out of the country; 2) extreme weather, accident and disaster impacts; 3)
In the semi-annual report of 2017, the Chinese brigade reported an increase of $12.568 billion, or 22.46 per cent, in operating income, attributable to the net profits of shareholders in listed companies, or 17.47 per cent.
Revenue from tax-exempt operations amounted to 1,362 million yuan, contributing 13.27 percentage points. Gross operating income after China became 19.41 per cent of company profits during the reporting period, a significant increase over the previous period. The Māori rate for company-owned operations was 28.73 per cent, an increase of 1.67 percentage points over the same period last year.
The company’s Māori rate for duty-free operations has remained at about 45%, while China’s Māori rate is about 60% in Japan. The company will benefit from Japan’s access to China on the day of its acquisition, expanding its sources, enriching its product categories, reducing the cost of logistics storage, etc.; and, on the other hand, increasing the size of the company will enhance its ability to keep the company away from upstream suppliers.
In particular, income from tourism services has remained generally stable, with fare agents showing more prominent performance in the first half of the year showing an explosive growth of $478 million in operating income, an increase of 286.75 per cent over the same period.
Travel income declined slightly during the period, and merchandise trade contributed to the main growth point in the company ' s principal income, with the company ' s higher Māori ratio in its merchandise trade business, which increased from 48.34 per cent in the same period last year to 56.25 per cent in the current year.
Revenues of $6.604 billion increased by 44.25% from the same year. Of this amount, tax-free merchandise sales at the Sanya Sea Bay Free Shopping Centre generated income of $3.134 billion, accounting for half of the company's tax-free commodity revenues; Japan, which joined the list in April, contributed income of $1,362 million from China.
14.50%. Taxed commodity operations also changed their decline over the same period last year, with an increase of 18.76%. Significant progress was made in the expansion of tax-exempt operations during the reporting period.
At the same time, at 11 airports in the country, the company won the bid for Kunming, Guangzhou, Qingdao, Nanking, Chengdu, Urumqi 6 companies.
There is no doubt about the monopoly of companies on tax-exempt operations in the country after obtaining the above-mentioned tax-exempt business rights. Companies can expand their tax-exempt sales revenue through more flexible pricing mechanisms.
The expansion of the range of applications to railway passengers off the island, matching system adjustments, etc., has been completed, and business income from duty-free shopping in Sea Bay is expected to increase significantly. Meanwhile, China’s overseas travel as a state enterprise, as a result of the country’s aggressive high-end consumption return and upgrading of consumption, is expected to increase significantly.
Unable to take on the burden of promoting consumption. The combination of state reforms, new corporate leadership, corporate management thinking, business logic, future dividends release, and company performance are expected. 1) The international political security situation affects travel in and out of the country.
2) Extreme weather, unexpected disaster effects 3) Tria Sea Bay passenger flow growth is not as good as expected 4) Capital Airport and Hong Kong Airport duty-free operations are progressing below expectations
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed, nor is there any change in the information and the recommendations contained therein. We have sought to be objective and impartial in the content of the report, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference purposes only, and the information or observations in the report are not made.
Securities issued and traded by visiting companies may also provide or seek to provide investment banking services or other clothing for these companies