The tax-exempt business has grown significantly.
Tourism services are stable. Companies are actively changing the mode of managing travel agency operations, conducting master plans at the country ' s kiosks and exploring direct shop mechanisms, while at the same time strengthening centralized procurement and expanding product innovation. During the reporting period, tourism services received $5.408 billion, an increase of 3.88 per cent over the same period.
In the reporting period, tax-free sales of goods by companies increased by $6,604 million, or 44.25 per cent, of which: 1 and 1 per cent were tax-free.
(a) In April, the net return on revenue and repatriation was 1.362 billion yuan and $52 million yuan, respectively;
In addition, China Free Company Holdings won Hong Kong Airport ' s license plate for tobacco and alcohol products in April, and in mid-June they were granted duty-free operations in the international isolation zone of the airport 't2 ' and t3 ' s terminals, respectively, and duty-free access to 11 airports.
The company's successful bid for Kunming, Guangzhou, Qingdao, Nanjing, Chengdu, Urumqi, and the company's index for the past year have been consistent with the trend in the airport entry tax-free shop, further enhancing the impact of corporate tax-exempt operations at the national and international levels.
Competitiveness has strengthened the company ' s position in the duty-free market and has benefited from policy dividends, and tax-free operations are expected to continue to grow faster in the coming years.
The interest rate was 28.73 per cent, an increase of 1.67 percentage points over the same period last year. The cost rate rose by 1.98 percentage points to 13.81 per cent during the period, owing to an increase in the cost of sales due to the tax-free company on the day of the acquisition, and an increase of 2.79 percentage points in the cost of sales.
The tourism industry chain has become more complete and operational synergies more evident after the strategic re-organization of the Group and the Group, while the tax-free industry, as a sector with high policy barriers and large market capacity, continues to have a policy dividend that supports corporate performance, coupled with the firm ' s steady expansion abroad, and power-market platforms.
Company “buy-in” ratings, recommending continued attention to the company’s tax-exempt business operations.