It's not like I'm going to be in a movie.
I'm sorry, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Allhannelsin1h17-buy
I don't know if it's true, but it's not true.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's very important to be able to find out what you're talking about.
It's 44% top-linegrovethfreebusiness, theyaindriver.inaddition, the corporatesoconsolidadeddoutfreebromsunrise
In 1h17thrb1.36billionrevenuecontrol.
Tomb 6.6bnin1h17 From rmb 4.6bnin1h16.haitangbay, revenuegrewby 21.3% tomb3.1bnin1h17from
Airports/portsdutyfreestores, revenuegrewby 74% yoytormb 3.4bn in 1h17romrmb 2.0bnin116. inventorneedtonoticethatsunrise wasconsolateddinthissuementin1h17.dutyfreesfromsunrise1h17.
Ifweexcludethat, analikeforlibasis, cits airport/portsdutyfreegrovethisc.6% yoy. newairdssecuredin1h17.besiadescuredtheairportdutyfree
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
Tourismbusiness (yoygrovethof 9.1%) andtickagency (morethan dubledyoy) offsetbydecreasinginboundandoutboundtourism business (yoydropof 5.7% and 6.7%).
I mean, we believecits' valuationisveryactiveat 22x/19xonour 2017/18earnings forecast, asduty-freeisapolicy-protetedandhigh-barrier-to-entrybusinchina.cits' valuationislowerthanaverageretail/travelpeersinashares.we
Deveourmb 37tpfromadcf-basevaluation (8.1% wcc, 9% Costof equity, Betaof0.9and 3.0% tgr, unchanged). Keydownsiderisesinclude 1) unfavorable government policy, 2) e-commercecompetitation, 3)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Seemportantdisclosturesrequiredbyton-usregularosandexplanatorynotes. Fordisclospeltainingcommitteesorestancesmadeneonsecuritiesother than theprimariysubjectofthisresearch, pleaseethemostrecentlypublished companyreportorvisitourlobaldiscreelook-uppageonourwebsite
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got the information, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but you're going to be able to do it, and you're not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, hold failed suspending
Deutschebank hold, targetpricechangecny60, 00talanzhou 05/26/2017
We're going to have to do it again. We're going to do it again.
07/12/2016 buy, targetpricechhangecny57, 00talanzhou buy, 3700tallanzhou
Quintyratingkey equityratratingdispersionandbankingrelationships present: basedonnacurrent12-monthviewoftoralshare-holder
Return (tr=percentagechangeinshareprircorent pricetoprojecedtargetpriceplus pro-jeceddividendyeld), shell: basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftalshare-hold
I'm sorry, werecommendtainvestorssellstock.hold:wetakeanutralviewstock12-montthsoutand, badthistemehrizon, donottrecommendeotherabuy
Newlymissedresearchrecommendationsandtargetprices supersededively publicizedresearch.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
"Deutschebank") ...though theinformationhereisbelievedtobereliableandsbeenobtainedbrompublicsours believedtobereliable, deutschebankmakesnorepreformatsacuracyorcompletences.hyperlinkstothird-partywebsitesinthisreportoredforderconvenionly.deutschebankneotherothersethershecontentnor
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschenconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofcustytisdiscussedinthis report, orisincludedortiscuscussedinothercommunition(oralorritten)fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, but we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The frequenyofchangesinmarketconditionsansandinbothgeneraland companypanyspecificconomic prospecetsmakeit difficulttoupdateresearchtechdefinedintervals.updatesalesedhesolediscriptionofthecoverageanalyconcernedorof thereseanchdepartmentmentmentmentandassuchthemajorityofreportsarepublishedairguardintervals.thisreport
I don't know, it's providedforformationforpurposonlyanddoesnottookintoacaccounttheparticularinvesmentofmentobjectives, financial situations, orneedsofindividualcolients.itisnotanofforacitationofanoffertobuyorsellanyfinancialinstruments orparticipateinanyparticulartringstratey.targetpricesareinotherlyimpresociendaprodactoftheanalyst’s
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know if you're the one who's been there.
Instrumentationistinacurrencementor'Scurrence, acheenexchangamentsmayadversely affecttheinvestment.pastpermanceisnotcerissariindidicativeboutureresources.unlessotherwiseindicated, préces
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm talking about, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it.
♪ Toourresearchchisavailableonourwebsiteunderdisclaimerfoundonthelegaltab. ♪
I'd like to thank you for your help, macroeconomic development softenasormostophostosociated with exposurestoinstrumentsthatpromise topayfixedorvariableinterestrates.foraninvestor whohoislongfixedratestratures (thatreceiving thesecashlows), incorporatedinterestratesnaturallyft thediscountfundfundorsapplied to theextecuted cashflowsandtuscausealos.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(including changesinstalenttypesovenvestors), changesintaxpolicies, currenceconvertivity (whochmayconstraincurencyconversion, repatriationofprofetsand/ortheliquidationofpositions)
Tomacroeconomicshocksmaybemitigationby indexing thecontracted cashflowation, to specied interestrates–thesearecommoniumglingmarkets.itismportanttonotehattheindexingsmayy by consultation - lagormis-measuretheactualmoveintheunderingvariablestheyareintendtedttrack.thechoiceofthe
I.e., couponsindexed to atypicallyshort-dated interestraterferenceindex)reexchedforfixedcoupons.itissoimportanttoacknolleddge thatfindinacurrencertiffersfromthecurrenceinwhochcouponsarenamedalisfrisk.naturally,
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it.
Including theirtaxposition, theirregulatoryenvironmentandthetureofthetropotherassetsandliabilities, andassuch, investors shouldtakeexperteglegalandfinciandracidvicevesforesteringintoanytransactionssimilartoorororinpiledby the contentsofthispublication.thesislosinfuturestradatingoptions,forignordommestic,canbesubstantial.asa
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it.
Nomerousmarketfactors, includingworldandnationalconomic, politicalandregulatoryevents, eventsquityand debtmarketsandchangesininterestrates; and (ii)currencesmaybesubjecttovalactionorizationimposed exchangeconstrolswhochcoulldaffect the Valueoftheturrence.investsinsecuriuschasads, WHOvaluesareresa
Affectioned by thecurrenceofanunderingsecurity, emergencyassemmecurrencerisk. unlessoverlaw providesotherwise, alltransactions shouldbeexecuted through thedeutschebankencyintheinvestor's'somejurisdiction.
I don't know, gm.db.com/equitiesunder the "discussionslookup" and "legal" tabs. investorsareslonglyensourcedviewviewthis information information. deutschebankag, itsbranchesandafiliatedcompanies)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Whorecapableofevaluatingvendmentrisskinsindipendently, bothingenalandwithregardtoparticularizations and investmentstrades, andwhounderstandthatdeutschebankhasfinaninterestsintheofferofionofofictsproductshotels/leise/gaming/gaming
Ifyoureithnotthecase, orifyouareaniorotherretailinvestorreddingdirectfromus, weask thatyouinformusimmediately.
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's in the middle of it, but you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's the one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Asstockbroker.researchchanalysedirection numberisishin0001741.deiplamayhavevevedmedministrativewarnings Fromthesebiforbreachesofindianregulations.japan:approvedand/anistedbydeutschecritiesinc.(dsi).registrynumer-registerasafincial.
Instrumentsdealerbytheheadoftekanantolofintainmentbureau (kinsho)no.117.memberofassociations: jsda, type iifinncialinstrumentsFIrsassociationthefinanfuturesassassociationofjapan.commissionsandrissksinvolved instocktransactions-forstocktransactions, wechargescommmissionsandconsumptionsbymultiprintingthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Productsandservations.productsandservicescarrythesoriskostrosestoprincipal and otherlossasaresultofchangesinmarketketand/oreconomictrends, and/orflacturingsinmarketvalue.before decidingonthepurchaseoffinancianproductsand/orservices, customssould carefulreadshelevantdisclostures,
"Molody's", "standard&poor's", and "fitch"mentiedimenthisportarenot registeredtratingagencesinjapanlesjapanor" nippon"iscipicaldesignativedinthenameoftheity.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.

Singapore: bydeutschebankag, singaporebrandeurdeutsegritiesasacialimited, singaporebranch (oneruffles quay#18-00southtowersingapore048583, +65642380001) whichmaybecondicatedrespectofanymattersarirising from, orinconneactionwith, thisreport.whoheethisportissuissoorpro Mulgaedinsingaporeapersonwhoisnostan
Accrectediteinvestor, expertinentvestorinstitutioninvestor (asdefinedtheaplicablesingaprelawsandregulations), legalresponsiabilitytosuchpersonsforitscontents.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
qatar: deutschebankagin theqatarfininancióncentre (registeredno.00032)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
kingdomofsaudiarabia: deutschececurisaudialarbialcompany, (registeredno.07073-37)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, dubaifinaservicesauthority.australia: retailclientsssoouldobtaipyofaproductdiscoverstatestatement(pds)reatingtoanyfincialprodactreferredtointhishisreportandconsidertheepdsbeforemakinganydecisionabouthetheothertoacquiretheprodact.ples
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Globallheadof headofema headofapac ♪
♪ Globalheadof debtresearch equityresearch ♪
I've got a lot of work to do. I've got a lot of work to do.
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's not true.
I'm sorry, and qisresearch internationalations deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Deutschebankplace filehongkong 2-11-1 nagatacho
International Commercecentre, sannoparktower 60329 frankfurtammamain
1austinroadwest, kowloon, germany
Longkong japan australia
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
60wallstreet londonec2n2eq uniteddom
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.