The semi-annual review of China Travel (601888), 2017, showed a lot of insight into the rapid growth of tax-exempt operations.
In the first half of the year, the company grew 22.46 per cent, mainly from tax-free operations.
Lulitine, the share of revenue from the sale of goods with higher interest rates increased from 48.34% in the same period last year to this year’s point. Overall, the total cost of a company’s operations rose slightly from 0.27 percentage points to 0.27 percentage points in the same year.
85.59 per cent, so the net profit on the company's return to the mother is growing at a slower rate than the growth rate on the crop. On a quarterly basis, the company's second quarter is growing by 34.85 per cent on a quarterly basis and by 24.32 percentage points on a quarterly basis; the net profit on the sale of free goods is $6.604 billion, or 44.25 per cent on a quarterly basis, with three of them increasing by 44.25 per cent.
In the case of travel agency operations, the public sector, the public sector, for example, has increased tax-exempt income.
Intra-firm growth is expected to remain strong and will benefit mainly from tax-exempt operations in Sanya Hainan. First, Sanya Airport will be expanded in October 2016, and the airport will be squeezing as a result of the expansion.
This increase of 25% to 50% provides the basis for further growth of Sanya tourists. Indeed, the rapid growth of the tax-exempt operations in the first half of Hainan Island has already reflected the high profile of the Hainan tourism market.
It covers a variety of factors, including eating, living, walking, swimming, recreation, purchasing, and only 2.5 km from Sanya tax-free city, which is beneficial to the people of Wang tax-free city. Finally, the company hires coo with dfs to manage mr.lee ' s appointment for many years, and will significantly increase the price of visitors and their unit prices in the future.
The firm’s competitive advantages are clear, and the expansion is expected. In the case of exit duty-free operations, the company’s successive bid for tax-free rights at Hong Kong Airport and Capital Airport since this year will have a significant scale effect.
In addition, the tax-free rights at Shanghai Pundong Airport will expire in 2018, and companies will have a strong competitive advantage. If the company works with Japan (Shanghai), following the example of the Beijing-based airport bid, the likelihood that the company will obtain the right to operate at a reasonable rate of withholding will be much higher.
The Māori rate has not risen as expected, with force majeure events such as natural and man-made disasters occurring.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.