Li Xiaojun's tax-exempt map continues to expand, and the Chinese exemption company under the banner of msci is the leader of the domestic tax-exempt industry, thanks to the policy that has been in the country since this year.
Eight tax-free shops were opened and seven tax-free shops were awarded, while stock-free days were held, and competitions for tax-free stores at Beijing’s top airport were well under way. In addition, a share was successfully placed in the msci, 222 shares a, and China’s travel was the only company to be included in the msci mark.
The price-free shop in Beijing airport has made progress: eight years of free shops in Beijing's capital airport, t2 and t3 were opened in February 2017, and the final bid results are not yet known.
It's a “financial tender” and is temporarily ahead of the t2 score, with 830 million yuan minimum rent and 47.5 per cent raise; the Joohai tax-free shop is temporarily ahead of t3 with 2,495 million minimum rent, bringing it to 47 per cent, while the Japanese tax-exempt line (China) (51 per cent of China) is ranked first in the bid for t3
II. The final right to tax-free operations will also be derived in conjunction with the “professional target”. Because of the clear advantages of neutrality and China in terms of size, operational experience and purchasing capacity, there is no need to be pessimistic about the outcome of the bid for point t3.
The capital airport’s tax-free shop is about RMB 5.1 billion, estimated at a net profit rate of 16%, the first of which realizes a net profit of RMB 800 million. Based on the size of the net profit of the Chinese government travel of RMB 1.5 billion in 2015, the profit contribution has been significant, with an increase of 58%.
The tax-free shop map continues to expand: since the second half of 2016, exemption companies have added eight additional duty-free duty stations and won seven airport-free shops: the mainland airport has ranked three, four, and five in the product mix.
The Guangzhou White Cloud, Chengdu Double Stream and Kunming Water Airport, as well as the 12th, 16th and 17th Nanjing Lokguchi Airport, Urumqi and Qingji Island Airport Entry Tax Free Shop, plus the Hong Kong Airport Tax Tax Free Shop, contributed a net profit of RMB 160 million, a total increase of RMB 400 million in 2018.
In July 2016, the State Council approved the implementation of the Hong Kong China Travel Group and the Hong Kong Tourism Group, which were renamed China Tourism Group, and China’s Tourism Company, which became a fully-funded subsidiary. As a result of the tourism industry of Hong Kong’s Hong Kong China Travel Group (0308.hk) and China’s two listed companies,
It is reasonable to assume that these two operations will be the main element of the integration, since Hong Kong's Central Bank has a license plate for the city-wide tax-free shop. The Deputy Director of the State Finance Committee of the State Council, Zhang Xingwu, stated at a media briefing on state-owned finance reform on 9 December that 2015 will be the country.
The year of entrepreneurship reform policy development, 2016, will be the year of policy implementation, and 2017 will be the year of reform. We believe that China’s tourism companies, as leaders in this round of corporate reform, will be a year of synergy that is to be expected.
Profit forecasting: not taking into account the contribution of the tax-free shop in the capital airport, expected company 2017,