National gold foliage urities Chinese travels (60188.sh)
It will take some time for the Māori rate to rise and improve its internal operations.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Total lubricant: 1.930 billion yuan, an increase of 19.98 per cent over the same period, net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies achieved tax-free lines on a daily basis (China) completed and scheduled in April and contributed about 160 million yuan for the year as a whole: company in 2017
By April of that year, 51% of the share acquisition in the Japanese tax-free shop (China) was completed. By buying the tax-free market on the day of the purchase (China), the company’s net profits in the first half of the year were increased by 1,362 million yuan and 52 million yuan, respectively.
In 2017, the tax-free company (China) was able to contribute about $156 million. With the exception of the tax-free shop in Japan and the balance sheet, the company’s revenue and net profits grew by 9.2 per cent/12.8 per cent, respectively, at a rate that was largely in line with expectations.
1. "The China Travel Company Review-Teaming-Teaming-Teaming-Teaming-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology"
The rate of tax-exempt operations has declined, net interest rates have risen, and internal operations have been managed.
Improved: 1) Māori: The company achieved revenue from the sale of tax-free goods 66.04/+44.25%, of which Tria Sea Bay received 31.34/+24.22% and the daily tax-free industry (China) contributed 1,362 million yuan. The overall Māori rate for the company was 29.5%, up 1.7 pct.
4. " China Travel Company Review - winning Hong Kong Airport Smoking and Wine section, a milestone in the expansion of globalization " , 2017.4.7. " China Travel Insight Report - Tax Free Dragons " .
The decline in the Māori rate of operations is mainly due to preferential promotion at the Sanya Free Shop. 2) Net interest rate and cost ratio: total cost of the company was 13.8 per cent, up 1.9 pc, net interest rate was 10.3 pc, 21.69 per cent/+0.15 pct; net profit at the Sanya Sea Bay Free Shop was 466 million yuan/+12.38 per cent, net interest rate
Weili1@gjzq.com.cn Building has experienced a certain decline, including in the context of the appreciation of the national currency, and a positive increase in net interest rates is sufficient evidence of this.
Improved internal management. We believe that the company's procurement is relatively cyclical, that day-to-day procurement channels, that the merger will take some time to digest, and that the net interest rate will go with the increase in the Maori rate and the internal experience.
In the future, the company will continue to operate several tax-free shops (exit: Capital Airport, Hong Kong Airport and White Cloud Airport; entry stores: Kunming, Guangzhou, Qingdao, Nanjing, Chengdu, Uru Muki), and an increase in the size of the procurement will also lead to an increase in the company ' s Māori ratio.
The company will benefit from the growth in the endogenous performance of the Tria Sea Bay tax-free shop, the increase in the Maori rate, and the arrival of the tax-free shop in the city: 1) The performance of the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shop will improve: the Sanya tourism market will continue to improve as a result of environmental advantages and market consolidation.
The facility will be concentrated in 2017-2019, and the improvement of recreational facilities in the Bay area will increase the number of duty-free shops. (2) Increase in the Maori rate: the company has won competitions at various airports (the Capital Airport, Hong Kong Airport, White Cloud Airport, etc.) and in-country shops (Kun Ming, Guangzhou, Qingjia, Nanjing, Chengdu, Urumqi).
The increase in the Māori rate is achieved through the right to operate tax-free shops and the increase in the size of purchases.
The opening of five municipal tax-free shops in China, Dalian, Qingdao and Xiaomeng is expected to continue the three-year tax-free shop business model. Given the absolute bargaining power of the airport under the airport’s business model, the opening of an intra-city tax-free shop can become a new performance growth point, while at the same time capturing tourists from abroad and the interior.
Tourist arrivals are in line with domestic consumption-promoting policy trends.  Without taking into account the increased performance of the tax-exempt shops at Guangzhou and Hong Kong airports, it is currently calculated that the high rate of airport upgrades has led to a fall in net interest rates;
▪ The policy landscape is not conducive to corporate development:  The increase in the Māori rate is not as high as expected
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.