Wei Hongmei is looking forward to the arrival of the tax-exempt store, which will focus on China’s travel in September.
On 4 September, the value of the company ' s shares rose by 8.71%, and by 4 September, the company ' s accumulated profitability was almost equal and its performance was impressive in the second quarter. In the first half of the year, the company registered a rapid increase of 22.46%, mainly due to the contribution of tax-free operations.
The growth rate of 34.85 per cent over the same period was 24.32 percentage points higher than in the first quarter; the increase of 41.93 per cent over the same period was 41.93 per cent, an increase of 38.85 percentage points faster than in the first quarter.
During the first half of the year, the company achieved tax-free commodity sales revenue of $6.604 billion, an increase of 44.25 per cent over the same period, of which the tax-free shopping centre in Sanya earned income of $3.34 billion, an increase of $1,362 million in tax-free business income after the acquisition day (China) Limited.
In terms of the company’s operations, the company’s head office has achieved operating revenues of $5.441 billion, which is expected to continue to grow strongly within the company, largely benefiting from the increase in tax-exempt operations in Sanya Hainan. First, since 2016, many of the chaos in the Sanya tourist market has been dealt with, and Sanya has been able to do so since 2016.
The image of tourism cities has improved considerably. In fact, the rapid growth of Roe (ttm) in the first six months of the Hainan Ex-Island tax-free business has already reflected the high profile of the Hainan Tourism Market (Hannan Ex-Island in the first half of this year).
The number of duty-free purchases grew by 32% over the year, and sales by 26% over the same year. Second, the influence of the Sade system in Korea led to a significant drop in tourist arrivals to South Korea, with Sanya having two main themes: sea travel and duty-free shopping, which is expected to play an alternative role to South Korean tourism.
The expansion was completed in October of that year, with an increase of 25-50 per cent in airport throughput, providing the basic conditions for further growth of Sanya tourists. In addition, the ATRANTIS project, which will open in October 2017, covers a variety of factors such as eating, living, walking, swimming, recreation, buying, etc.
It is only 2.5 km from Sanya tax-free city, which is good for the people of Wang tax-free city; finally, the public sector hires and dismisses mr.lee, who has had dfs management experience for many years, and in the future will raise the issue of high rates of tourist purchase and unit prices in order to improve corporate elasticity in management.
The company’s competitive advantage is clear, and the expansion is expected. In the case of exit duty-free operations, companies have won tax-free rights to Hong Kong Airport and Capital Airport since this year, the scale effect of the operation will be greatly enhanced, benefiting the increase in the Mäori rate. In addition, tax-free access to Shanghai Pyodong Airport will be increased by 2018.
If the company works with Japan (Shanghai), following the example of the Beijing-based airport, the company’s chances of obtaining business rights at a reasonable rate of withholding are much higher. The “market index” reference point for this rating system is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.