The tax-exempt business boom, with an over-predicted performance growth of 17% over the medium term yjs_zhangy@dwzq.com.cn’s rise in corporate revenue was largely due to tax exemption.
During the reporting period, tax-free sales of goods by companies achieved operating income of $6.604 billion, or 44.25 per cent, or 52.55 per cent of total operating income.
In addition to the Japanese influence, the company's original business generated 1,120.6 million yuan, an increase of 9.19 per cent in the same year and 14.51 per cent in the same year. In the first half of 2017, Sanya received 8,738 thousand overnight tourists, an increase of 11.78 per cent in the same year. Sanya tax-free shops received 3,228 million yuan, an increase of 24.95 per cent in the same year;
The net profit was $466 million, an increase of 23.82 per cent over the same period. ▪ Adjustment of the marketing structure to raise the overall Māori rate and a slight decline in the Māori rate for duty-free operations. The Māori ratio for the public sector ' s main business during the reporting period was 28.73 per cent, an increase of 1.67 pct over the same period last year, mainly attributable to public funds
The share of revenue from sales operations with a high Māori ratio increased from 48.34 per cent in the same period last year, as a result of the increase in the cost of sales from tax-free businesses on the date of acquisition to date; the administrative cost rate of 3.14 per cent, a decrease of 0.62 pct from the same year; and the financial cost of 0.22 per cent, a decrease of 0.20 pc from the same year, a significant increase in exchange rate gains.
During the reporting period, the company made every effort to acquire the qualifications to operate the entry duty-free shop, and in the bidding process for 11 airport entry duty-free shops, the company successfully won the bid for Kunming, Guangzhou, 1.2017.8.6 " Days and Tables + Sanya Tax Exemptions " .
Qingdao, Nanjing, Chengdu and Urumqi have six airport entry duty-free shops, which have further consolidated the corporate business landscape and reported growth in performance in the domestic duty-free market.
▪ Tourism investment is well under way. The Sanya Bay Rivermin Island project began early this year with construction, heading 2.2017.7.2 " Capital Airport Access Awarding " , which is proceeding according to plan, and has completed work on the soil, ramps, precipitation and pillar infrastructure, projected for the year.
It is planned to open the fair at the end of July.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company’s medium-term performance is higher than expected, and we adjust the profit forecast upwards.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board