Wei Hongmei oversaw the first half of the year's net profit growth of 18.26 per cent.
In the first half of the year, the share of operating income and net profit for the period increased by tax-exempt (China) Ltd. on the day of purchase was 1.362 billion yuan and $52 million yuan respectively. After the graduation, the company realized its business income.
Lulitien, 112.2 million yuan, an increase of 9.22 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to the mother, 1.257 billion yuan, a rapid increase in the same year, mainly as a result of the fast growth in the performance of the tax-free shopping mall in Sanya.
With $5,428 million in revenue, an increase of 7.8% over the same period; 539 million in net return profits, a rapid increase over the same year, the growth momentum within the company is expected to continue strong and will benefit mainly from the growth of tax-free operations in Sanya Hainan. First, since 2016, many of the chaos in Sanya's tourism market has been dealt with, and Sanya has done so.
Second, the influence of the Sade system in Korea has led to a significant drop in visitors to South Korea, with Sanya with two main themes: seaboard and tax-free shopping, and is expected to play an alternative role to South Korean tourism. In addition, Sanya Airport was expanded in October 2016.
Roe (ttm) The expansion of the airport will increase by 25-50%, providing a base for further growth of Sanya tourists. Indeed, the rapid growth of the tax-exempt operation in Hainan Island in the first half of the year has already reflected the sea.
The South Tourism Market is high. In addition, the Atlantis project of the Retrostar Group, which will open in October 2017, covers a variety of factors, including eating, living, walking, swimming, recreation and buying, and is only 2.5 km from Sanya tax-free city, which is beneficial to the people of Wang tax-free city; and, lastly, corporate hiring.
By allowing dfs to be appointed and removed from office, mr.lee will significantly increase the rate of passenger purchase and billing and managerial elasticity of the company’s performance. The competitive edge of the company is clear, and the expansion is expected. 19 entry points for duty-free operations.
The company’s traditional tax-exempt performance is expected to benefit from the opening of six of the successful duty-free shops. In the case of exit duty-free operations, the company has won a number of awards for Hong Kong airports and airports since the beginning of the year.
In addition, the Shanghai Podong Airport exemption will expire in 2018, and the company’s competitive advantage will be evident. If the company works with Japan (Shanghai) in the same way as the Beijing Capital Airport bid, it will be reasonable for the company to do so.
Keeping a prudentially recommended rating is likely to increase. Sanya tax-free shopping malls perform well, upgrading companies 2017-2018, and are expected to have a negative impact on tourism markets from force majeure events such as natural and man-made disasters.
The rating system for securities investment: The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been independently and objectively present in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.