China Travel (601888) Leisure services tourism complex will not be the biggest winner of the tax-free bidding at the capital airport.
Incidents: (a) Exempted companies from acquiring 51% of China ' s shares on RMB 38.82 million. (b) Exempted companies from acquiring 51% of China ' s shares on RMB 38.82 million. (c) Exempted companies from bidding for tax-free operations in the international zone of the capital airport as the first winning candidate for the first line of the tax-free bidding project, and tax-exempt actions in the capital airport.
The capital airport bid is closed, and the benefits are maximized. In this bid, the buoys of the terminal, though broken, eventually lead the way through many years of business management experience, winning the first winning candidate through technical counter-opposition.
At 51% of the stock holding day, the capital airport tax-free business was probably the biggest winner in the bidding process. The first airport duty-free shop in Japan has been operated for years, free of national travel, and with national resources, and together they will have more mutually beneficial cooperation in terms of resources and channels, as well as next year.
The Shanghai Airport tax-free shop tender for total equity/flow (million shares) provides a model.
A significant increase in sales has led to a stronger bargaining power. Currently, the exemption from duty-free operations is 12 months of maximum/minimum ($) coverage of Tria Sea Bay, Capital Airport, Hong Kong Airport, White Cloud Airport, etc.
There will be a significant increase in the overall volume of domestic sales, with several tax-free stores ranked in the front line.
There are clear advantages to winning the Hong Kong airport cigarette and wine band tax exemption, improved bargaining power for duty-free items, and a greater degree of product-richness - 2017/04/05.
"Intra-tax business plus extra-growth space, the operation of the tax-free shop is at a loss, but taking into account the Māori rate resulting from the increase in bargaining power, the Hong Kong Travel (601888) evaluation report:
In addition, given that the company’s original tax-exempt business volume is now tax-free on the main day, the giants won the bid, which is close to 10 billion dollars, and the increase in the Māori rate will bring substantial benefits to the company’s existing tax-exempt business.
Bigger - 2017/03/22 Profit Forecasts: We expect the capital airport contract to be formally signed in July, with t2 operating rights changed from day to day, and new contracts are expected to start in 2018, and t3 operating parties remain unchanged.
The new contract is expected to start in August, and the company's tax-exempt business rate is expected to rise to the top of the capital airport tax-free bidding.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.