Sanya Warming + Day, which is driving up performance, the longer the tax-free dragons are strong, the more powerful the Chinese travels.
The semi-annual review of the China Tour (601888), 2017, was driven by domestic growth driven by the return of tourism, and increased performance on a daily basis.
During the first half of the year, the performance of the company was slightly higher than expected, with net returns and returns increasing by 22.46 per cent and 17.47 per cent, respectively, to China's General Hotel and net returns by 9.19 per cent and 12.74 per cent respectively.2 During the reporting period, Sanya Inner House companies achieved revenues of 3.228 billion yuan (+24.92 per cent) and maternal net gains of 466 million yuan (+23.94 per cent).
During the low-base period, there has been a significant increase in the number of buyers, revenues, and performance in Sea Bay. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom has been largely attributable to the acquisition of Japan (China); the financial costs have been reduced from $1.75 million to -2.74 million, mainly due to a significant increase in exchange rate earnings.
\triangleright 1 exempts management from March acquisition day (China), mid-April - Lagdell won the Hong Kong airport cigarette and liquor section, July and Japan (China) respectively
The winning capital airport t2 and t3 enter and exit duty-free shops, and an increase in the size of the goods is expected to result in a stronger bargaining power and a higher rate of Maori (about 60%) per day, with room for improvement. Following the opening of the invitation to bid for the airport in February, 216, the winning posts for Kunming, Guangzhou, Qingjia, Nanjing, Chengdu, Urumqi airport will be exempted from entering and consolidating the status of dragons, with attention to the follow-up Shanghai Podong (the tax-free agreement expired in March 18)
At the beginning of April, the management changed, the tax-exempt plate (especially Sanya Bay) introduced a number of internationalized talent, and the dividends of the upgrade are expected to be realized.
The company is the only tax-exempt leader in the country and the only tax-exempt target for a share, benefiting from a large return in overseas consumption, and is expected to take more airports in the future. For the target duffry, there is much room for raising the Māori rate, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to improve.
Master of Accounting in Eastern Finance and Surgery, in 2008 in the capital of the country of accession for research in agriculture and food and beverages, in 2011 in the Anshin securities for food and beverages.
Studies in the food and beverages industry, in 2013, and nine years of experience in the food and beverages industry, in the area of drinking tourism.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.