▪ The Chinese People's Guarantee issued an advance forecast of performance in the first quarter of 2025: The Mothers' Net Profit Forecasts report that the main reasons for the increase in performance were: (a) the continuous optimization of the business structure and improvement of the quality of the business by the insured and faster growth of the insured. (b) The investment end implements the medium- and long-term financial entry requirements and continues to be excellent.
The industry’s configuration structure has led to a significant improvement in investment performance. At the insurance level, we expect a significant improvement in the overall cost of the company, mainly due to: 1 external environment: q1 in 2025, less profitable companies with lower payouts.
The Chinese guarantee a combined cost rate of 2024q1 increased by 2.2 pct to 97.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while according to the Ministry of National Emergency Management, in the first quarter of 2025, there was a significant reduction in the cost of major natural disasters in the country, which we believe will reduce the cost of paying for the good-for-money companies.2 Internal drivers: sustained optimization.
Business structure, which continues to drive risk reduction and efficiency gains. In recent years, companies have continued to optimize their business portfolio, significantly expanding the market share of home-owned vehicles, accelerating the deployment of individual non-car operations, and improving corporate business structures.
They're looking to keep the company at a better level of long-term insurance than the industry. For the last three years, the company's average combined cost is only 97.6%, and we think that the company, as the leader of the domestic industry, has a better overall business quality, has a strong cost management capacity, and it's a good idea that the company will continue to maintain the premium in the leading industry in the future.
The 25q1 insurance coverage has improved significantly, looking at the company’s long-style structural behavior or helping to raise corporate fund revenue.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: we appreciate the branding effect of the company as a leader in the industry of finance.
Nbv/ev high growth has worked. We maintain the previous profit projections, with the company ' s net return profit forecast for 2025-2027 being that of Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.