Quarterly Prospective: a significant improvement in the 25q1 coverage is expected, as the company's short-term performance growth and long-term development advantages are expected to result in the release of China's 2025q1 performance, and we expect the company's production insurance coverage.
The end is expected to improve significantly, with the growth and investment performance of personal risk operations remaining positive, as well as the release of short-term corporate performance and long-term growth dynamics.
According to the Ministry of National Emergency Management, in the first two months of 2025, natural disasters of various kinds in the country accumulated 20,690 million yuan in direct economic damage. In particular, the low-temperature, freezing and freezing effects in the mid-eastern region in February 2024 were greater, resulting in direct economic losses of 12.61 billion yuan.
As a result of these factors, the combined cost rate of 2024q1 was raised by 2.2 pct to 97.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In recent years, the company has continued to optimize its business structure, expand its market share of new vehicles, speed up the deployment of individual non-car operations and improve corporate business structures. At the same time, the “5+5” full-scale reduction efficiency mechanism has been put in place, and the combined cost rate in 2024 has been equal to that of--
At the 2024 performance launch, the Managing Director of the Human Insurance Initiative presented the combined cost of the vehicle insurance at about 93% and the combined cost of the full insurance at less than 94%. We expect that, on the basis of a smooth business operation in March, the combined cost rate of the company's 2025q1 will be the same.
Chinese Protection (601319): The 2024 Annual Report is a significant improvement, and the insured profits are expected to increase significantly. 4) The average combined cost of the company over the last three years.
Just 97.6%, we believe that the company, as the leader of the domestic venture industry, is of good overall quality, that cost management capacity is prominent, and that the company will continue to maintain the profitability of the leading industry in the future. nbv/ev High Growth.
▪ Personal risk: The expected increase in value rates will remain the main driver of the growth of nbv. We expect that the increase in the premium for the new policy for the public life insurance operation will be short-term or stressful, but the increase in the value rate resulting from the lower scheduled interest rates and the improved business structure will still be favourable to the growth of nbv, while the company ' s health insurance operations are expected to grow.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We appreciate the branding effect and cost-control advantages of the company as the leader of the venture, and are expected to continue to optimize the business structure and drive down the benefits under fine management. We maintain the previous profit projections, with the expectation that the company ' s net return to the mother in 2025-2027 will be the net profit for the company in the year 2025-2027.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.