On 24 August 2018, the company released its semi-annual report for 2018, which enabled the company to operate during the reporting period.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved a revenue of $3.07 billion, resulting in a net profit of $437 million for its mother, which was the same year as the robust growth in sales by its clients, which led to high growth in corporate revenues, and strong profits in its core clients.
In the first half of the year, the rate of increase in sales was 44% and 10%, respectively; (2) the acquisition of Fordonna in Zhejiang was completed by the end of 2017, and the company’s performance was enhanced through integration and synergy in the first half of the year. The main reason for the increase in net profits was lower than the rate of growth in the first half of the year’s raw materials prices.
In terms of income categories, the seismometer achieved income of $1.17 billion, maintaining a steady growth rate of 15.65 per cent _aaa_Top Group (601689) a quarterly report director reflecting the company's nvh head advantage; the interior device achieved $1.20 billion, an increase of 1.04 per cent.
There was a marked slowdown over the previous year; the chassis system benefited from the Fordona matrix, which achieved $590 million, with a significant increase of 277.7 per cent in the tabloid assessment report _aaa_Top (601689); the electronic vacuum pump was well expanded, with capacity growing at a rate of 31 per cent over the previous year.
The vehicle chassis consists of four parts of the drive, the drive, the switch and the brakes, which account for about 25% of the cost of manufacturing the car, with a higher value. The company chassis system consists of a side rack, the control arm, the control arm.
In addition, the vehicle chassis and car are the most important areas for light vehicle use today, and the company has a light-quan 5 process, which is expected to result in the acquisition of Jianjian Fortuna.
In lightly quantified areas such as high-strength steel, aluminium alloy light-quantified chassis options and extension of product lines to new energy source car battery bags, auto body structures, and light-quantity systems plus chassis systems in the medium to long term are expected to achieve the goal of 5 billion yuan in size.
Taking into account the firm growth in corporate nvh’s business, the energy release of electronic vacuum pumps, and the vast space for long-term growth in the chassis and light-weighted systems, the “buy-in” rating was given. The volume of vehicle sales has fallen sharply, and the price of raw materials has increased the Maori rate by a significant margin.
Low-level quantitative business expansion of the chassis was not as high as expected