This is an increase of 31.61 per cent over the same period in the previous year, resulting in a return to the mother of $437 million, an increase of 12.86 per cent and an increase of 0.6 per cent over the same period in the previous year, a steady growth in business and a high quality of customer resources.
Industry leaders, high-quality customer resources, including U.S., F.P.C. clients, Gilly, high-quality auto brands, and Tesla electric cars.
The revenue from the interior parts was $1.17 billion (+15.6 per cent) and $1.20 billion (+11.0 per cent), the largest share of which was generated by Gilly, which sold 767,000 vehicles in the first half of the year, a year-on-year increase. The merger and purchase of the Fordonna chassis was completed by the end of the year and was successfully consolidated during the first half of this year.
Certification companies are continuously competitive in their products. Multi-products such as stand-alone electronic vacuum pumps, electronic water pumps, etc. are developed and validated and are in bulk. Sales of electronic vacuum pumps increased faster in the first half of the year.
In terms of production capacity, the company has set up a national production base, and the Hangzhou Bay and Wuhan projects have been largely completed in the first half of the year and are in the pilot phase.
To extend light-quantified chassis, aluminium alloy control arm operations, and increase the value of bicycle support.
One. The company sets a medium-term strategy target of $5 billion for light-quantitative projects, consisting mainly of light-quantified control arms, light-quantified plots, etc. By the end of 2017, the company completed the M & A purchase of Fordonna and coordinated the light-quantified chassis operations of the "high-intensity steel plus aluminium alloys" of cars, followed by ample orders.
In the harvest period, there is a clear competitive advantage. Car intelligence is another strategic direction for the company, in response to the need for safety and stability. Multi-products such as stand-alone electric vacuum pumps, electronic water pumps, etc. have been developed and are entering the production phase. Smart brake system ibs is progressing well.
Xue Rain and Ice, a trend towards automobile development that provides new dynamic energy for corporate development, is influenced by multiple factors such as the international situation, macroeconomics, the consumer environment and industrial policies.
Anhui International Finance Centre, No. 18 Maysan Road, Hefu City, Anhui Province, China