Topper Group (601689.sh)
The Tupoo Group published its semi-annual 2018 report, the Automobile and Spare Parts Industry Research Group, which is performing as expected, and the Maori rate of short-term pressure.
As a result of rising prices of raw materials such as plastics, aluminium, and lower prices for products, the Māori rate is short-term pressure, with the Māori rate for the company ' s primary business for the first half of the year being 27.99 per cent, a decrease of 1.92 per cent compared to the same period last year.
Net operating interest rates are gradually recovering, and companies are expected to increase their profitability. Substream clients are well-resourced, companies are growing steadily, and the share of guilled contributions is already close to 40%, and the second half of the year guilty 5 new car companies are co-located.
Growth is sustainable, with the first half of the year’s positive and up-scaling boosted corporate revenue growth. The company’s business grew steadily in the first half of the year, with 1.17 billion yuan in seismograph revenue, an increase of 15.6 per cent compared to the same year, and the internal rx5 boosted the company’s revenue growth of more than 30 per cent, with the Maori downturn largely driven by corporate initiatives.
Prices, reduced price differentials with mechanical pumps, increased penetration rates. New products continue to upgrade, future growth points are clear.
By the end of 2019, the company is expected to move gradually, given the recent increase in the company’s costs and the increasing investment, the operations are being depreciated amortized and gradually reflected in the entry statements, and the company’s R & D inputs and capital expenditures are expected to be gradually harvested and profitable in the coming years.
Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the Chinese People’s University and currently the Executive Director of the Institute of Associated Securities.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and is distributed among the users.
The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party ' s approval or approval.