The interior pressure is released, the chassis lightly quantifies product lines are joined up, and the Topper Group (601689) reports some comments.
The company's stock of orders is adequate, with a large number of vehicle models \triangleright for common, gypsy, and upper-air vehicles. The hybrid, multiple-strikers will continue to reduce market capacity. The company's general Gem platform is expected to be available for the second half of the year.
\triangleright Aluminium alloy chassis structures will be up in the second half of the year. \Aluminium alloys are expected to grow by 33% lightly throughout the year.
Driven by the problem of continued shipping, the demand for light quantitative parts of the company's aluminium alloys is mainly of spring quality, with light quantifiable returns 5-15 times the quality of the spring (body, power, etc.) and will be used as a priority for the entire factory. A strong view of the company's operations began in 2019.
\triangleright gold chassis and shock-relief products combine. The net profit on this business is 10.3%, and it is in the upper center of the steel chassis.
Electronic vacuum pumps: Increase of 31% in the year-on-year rate, taking into account year-on-year drop, actual output is estimated to have increased by more than 35%. We assess its market share from 2017 \triangleright interior parts (sound insulation): increase of 11% in the year-on-year rate, which is still significantly slower, but still higher than the 8% we anticipated earlier.
Against the backdrop of a marked slowdown in the growth rate of \triangleright, the growth rate of cars in the interior has slowed this year, and the company’s ability to grow has remained stable relative to the industry. We assess the annual decline in unit prices from 2 to 3%, under the pressure of the full cost of a car factory, and we note the emergence of a revolving cycle for the collection of accounts.
Figure 1: Topu Group product line harvests and forecasts The East’s financial and intellectual booming business of aluminum alloys, high-intensity steel chassis lightly quantified parts and components for shock relief is still growing rapidly and the market capacity is growing
The company’s main customers are the front line, and its share in the main customers has stabilized as downstream market concentration increases. The company’s light and quantitative parts will benefit significantly from the “double points” and new energy-driven depths, which will break out in 2019.
In 58% of the scope for the increase, a “highly recommended” rating is maintained. The overall volume of sales falls short of expectations; changes in the rules for the implementation of the “double points” policy; and the spread of new types of energy vehicles falls short of expectations.
He's a leader of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, and he's good at keeping track of the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies