The Topper Group has performed as expected, the chassis is lightly quantified and the electronic outlook for cars is good. The company issued a mid-year report in 2018, which achieved a total operating income of $3.07 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 31.6 per cent over the same period;
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 12.9 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the company was deducted from the net profit of the parent; Donner and the shock-reducing, interior business steadily increased, resulting in high income growth. The net profit growth was lower than the income growth rate, as a result of factors such as the price of the product ' s Māori ratio. The company ' s leading position in areas such as rubber tremors was high.
The outlook for the multiple layouts is promising, given the slight decline in the Māori rate and the increase in the q2 performance ring. The first half of the year was a shock, interiors, chassis, smart brakes, smart brakes, etc.
The overall Māori rate fell by 2.6 percentage points in the first half of the year, as a result of factors such as the increase in the cost of raw materials and the fall in the price of products. The income scale grew rapidly, the marketing and management rates fell by 0.3 percentage points in the same year, and the financial cost rates remained almost the same. q2 earned 1.58 billion yuan.
34.9% over the same period; 20.6% over the same year, excluding the non-repatriated net profit of 200 million yuan; income and profits upped by more than q1. Acquisition of the Fudonaga consolidated investment, and rapid growth of the chassis and light-quantified business.
Completing the M & A of the Fordonna chassis, which is now well integrated, followed by sufficient orders. The chassis products include sub-cars, control arms, pull-sticks, etc., with a one-car package amounting to approximately $1,500; the light-quantified products include the control arm, battery bags and large body parts, turn-over sections, light-quantified chassis, etc.
Car packages are worth about $4,000. The chassis and lightly quantified product bicycles are of high value, capacity such as Hangzhou Bay is being built well, and subsequent production is expected to contribute more to performance growth. Automobile electronics are growing rapidly, smart brakes and the outlook for moving to the system are promising.
A 31.1% increase in income from air pump products and a higher rate of output from follow-up generic projects are expected to keep up. In addition, systems such as company deployment of smart brakes, intelligent transitions, etc., have a single-car value of up to $2,000-4,000 and $1,500, respectively, and are expected to produce in 2019, with promising prospects for development.
1) The downside of the macroeconomics, the drop in car sales; 2) the fall in product prices and the rise in raw materials prices; The Top Group - the performance is slightly lower than expected, with multiple layout prospects 3) the chassis is lightly quantified and motor electronic business is not growing as expected.
Given the slower pace of growth in the automobile industry, we have slightly reduced the profit forecast, and we expect the company Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. to qualify for securities investment consultancy.