M&As are driving the rapid growth of wind power plants, and stock subsidy problems are expected.
The company published its semi-annual report in 2022, which generated business income of $21,672 million in the first half of the year, and M&As, which boosted the rapid growth of wind and power installed machines. The resulting weakness affected short-term performance.
In the first half of the year, the company generated 36.305 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity (+9.7% of the year).
Other renewable sources, such as photovoltaics, 818 million kWh (+86.0% year-on-year). The increase in wind power generation is mainly due to a combination of the same-year growth in installed capacity, management quality improvements, and a decline in wind resources.
Using 1173 hours, a 9.6 per cent decrease over the same period, mainly due to good wind speed, cost-control capacity and return of renewable energy subsidies to improve cash flow 37.44 per cent less than 7.44 per cent in the first half of 2022.
Good controls; 8.31 per cent of the financial costs, a decrease of 1.87 percentage points from the same year, mainly due to lower charges for securitization of assets in the first half of the year; net operating cash flow of $16.047 billion, an increase of 88.3 per cent, mainly due to the return of 1,439 million in the first half of the year from subsidies for renewable energy
The amount of new energy subsidies due, and the establishment of the clearing company, which is expected to accelerate the delivery of subsidies, is expected to accelerate, the relative depth of 300 per cent, the amount of new energy subsidies due as of the first half of the year as wind power leads.
At the end of the year, receivables financing amounted to $29.3 billion (the vast majority is expected to be subsidies receivable). This represents 36.5 per cent of net assets. On 11 August, Southern Power Network issued a communication on the integrated approach to renewable energy generation under the Beijing, Guangzhou Renewable Energy Development and Settlement Service Limited.
The response to this request calls for the establishment of the Guangzhou Renewable Energy Development Settlement Services Ltd., which will be responsible for the management of renewable energy subsidy funds. We believe that the establishment of the Settlement Corporation is expected to increase the delivery of renewable energy subsidies, improve cash flow in the green power industry and promote wind and light installation.
New development agreement 16.5gw was signed in the first half of the year, seeking to develop an adequate project reserve of an indicator capacity of 4gw, which provides extensive space for corporate development.
The company is the National Energy Group ' s wind and power integration platform. According to the National Energy Group ' s letter of commitment to avoid competition among peers, the National Energy Group will absorb flat energy trading.
The company has 25,71gw wind and power units. It is expected that the follow-up injection will significantly increase the size of the company and strengthen the company’s flagship position.
It is clear that the growth in installed machines is more certain, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Wind-fired voltage machines are smaller than expected; renewable energy subsidies are less rapid to pay back than expected: electricity prices on the Internet are lower: prices for new projects are rising, etc.
Tao Maw, graduated from China’s University of Mines (Beijing) and has had more than 10 years of experience in industrial research, and has long been working on environmental public and industrial chains. He worked on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined the Chinese Galaxy securities in January 2022.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.