GREE ELECTRIC [000651.CH]
Gree is benefitting from recent strong domestic demand for air conditioning,
and we expect the Company to report a strong performance for 2018H1.
Recent RMB weakness also benefits Gree. We remain cautious on Gree,
however, due low visibility on AC sales in 2018H2, its single-product, single-
Home Appliances Sector
market focus, the lack of new discernible earnings drivers, and an
inconsistent growth strategy.
Investment Highlights
HOLD
Anticipating strong 2018H1 performance. Due to hot weather, lean
inventory levels, and a resilient property market, all AC manufacturers in
China are seeing strong sales growth. Gree is guiding revenue of RMB
Close: RMB 44.22 (July 30, 2018)
200bn in 2018 versus consensus estimates of ~RMB 177bn. We expect
Gree to achieve sales of ~RMB95bn in 2018H1, or 34% YoY growth.
Target Price: RMB 48 (+8.5%)
Trade war concerns overblown. We estimate that 20% of Gree's exports,
or ~RMB3bn in 2017, were exported to the United States. This is equivalent
Price Performance
to ~2% of Gree's total sales in 2017.
USD holdings to result in currency gains. As of Dec. 2017, Gree held
~US$6.5bn in cash, against ~US$1.5bn in debt. We estimate that 5% RMB
depreciation since Dec. 2017 will result in a translation gain of ~RMB1.8bn
before tax, or a 6% increase in Gree's 2018E PBT. However, this is a one-
off gain which should not result in a re-rating of the stock.
Gree's exports will benefit from USD strength. While the 2018H1 results
should have been negatively affected by the relatively strong RMB in most of
2018H1, recent RMB exchange rate fluctuations should have an impact in
2018H2. We estimate that 5% RMB depreciation will increase Gree's
Market Cap
US$39Bn
2018H2 PBT by ~RMB200m, or ~0.7% of 2018E's PBT. The impact should
Shares Outstanding
6,016m
be greater in 2019.
Free Float
56%
Fair Valuation. Gree is on track for solid revenue growth in 2018H1, and its
52W High
low valuation, coupled with an interim dividend announcement, may result in
52W Low
near-term outperformance. Although the Company may benefit from RMB
weakness, the impact is not sufficiently large to justify a re-rating. In spite of
3M Avg Daily T/O:
US$ 430m
a strong 2018H1 top line, we remain cautious about 2018H2 in light of low
Gree Group (18.2%)
Major Shareholders:
visibility on AC sales, the lack of new discernible long-term growth drivers,
Sources: Company, Bloomberg
and an inconsistent corporate strategy. We believe Gree warrants a discount
Jeff Dorr – Analyst
earnings, implying a 12-month target price of RMB48, or ~8.5% upside.
An Zhang – Analyst
Johnson Cheung – Research Director
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Impact of Gree's USD Holdings
As of Dec. 2017, Gree held ~US$46.5bn in cash against ~US$1.5bn in debt. The net USD position was
reported as the equivalent of RMB35.4bn. Changes in the USD/RMB exchange rate will create
translation gains/losses that will accrue to net profit. We estimate that 5% RMB depreciation since Dec.
2017 will result in a translation gain of ~RMB1.8bn before tax, or a 6% increase in Gree's 2018E PBT
(Figure 1).
Source: Company Reports, CGIS Research
Note: Ignores hedging effects
Exports to Benefit from RMB Depreciation
In 2017, Gree booked RMB18.4bn out of RMB150bn in sales to international markets. We
understand that Gree currently operates one manufacturing plant outside of China. On this basis, we
estimate the majority of Gree's total international sales are exports originating from mainland China.
Theoretically, the appreciation of the USD for exports may result in higher revenues while overall
RMB-based costs remain stable.
The benefits accruing to Gree from export revenue will be adjusted since (i) only ~20% of Gree's
exports are to the U.S. market. So while the majority of Gree's exports are priced in USD, local
currency depreciation in end markets may limit Gree's ability to hold fixed prices in USD, and (ii)
currency fluctuation in the past two months will mainly affect sales in 2018H2 and 2019.
We sought to ascertain Gree's higher profitability from RMB depreciation. Based on our estimates,
we see RMB depreciation of 5% from Dec. 2017 levels benefiting Gree's PBT by ~RMB 200m in
2018H2, or ~0.7% of 2018E's PBT. The impact on 2019 will be greater due to the full-year impact.
Source: Company Reports, CGIS Research
Note: Ignores hedging effects
FINANCIAL MODEL
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Note:
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International
Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such
jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made
as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance.
The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited and any of its
subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this report, and
such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of, any
or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is,
or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal
in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-
listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
BUY
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
HOLD
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.