Propaganda software (600845.sh) Policy aids, robotics and automated operations are expected to accelerate development.
The three-year Shanghai Action Plan for the Promotion of Quality in Manufacturing (2023-2025), North China.
First-line cities have specific requirements and higher targets for robotic applications. The steel industry, represented by the Treasure Group, has set out a target of 10,000 robots to be placed on the job, and Bo-Sin software is intended to provide robotic solutions for the Boo-Wo Group and is expected to benefit fully.
There is still much room to increase the density of the robotics in our country, and there is an urgent need for the steel industry to deal with robotics that are highly labour-intensive, dangerous, ringable.
Substitution of the worst types of work. 2) The BMW Group's goal was to achieve a steady growth in corporate income by 2026, with its software covering eight areas ranging from smelting, steel to heat, rolling, cold swings, automated processes, providing various types of industrial robotic equipment, solutions, life-cycle transport, all-round transportation, and the SBW-owned model, which is fast-tracked. 3) The Big Plc is a steady growth in corporate income.
A major breakthrough in software, with excellent plc performance indicators, and many applications. The Treasure has released a new generation of multi-nuclear plc-controlled products, gradually covering key sectors such as electricity, energy, equipment manufacturing, etc., and plc will become a new growth point for companies. 4) The company publishes the industrial Internet platform, “Board 4.0”, and five components are further upgraded, with continuous strengthening in the ai, low code area. 5) Policy driven by our policy.
As the population ageing trend continues in the country, it is becoming more difficult to recruit first-line workers; and the upgrading of the manufacturing industry, which has placed higher demands on technological sophistication, industrial software, intelligence, and the growth of the robotic industry at both the supply and demand levels.
In January 23, the “Robots+” application implementation programme was launched, calling for a doubling of the density of manufacturing robotics compared to 2020, and for a better coverage and breakthrough of the typical scenario. In June 23, the Shanghai City Three-Year Action Plan for Quality Manufacturing Development (2023-2025), the Beijing City Action Plan for Innovative Development of Robotic Industries (2023-2025) were launched, and the first-line urban manufacturing sector applied one robot to robots.
Step-by-step: Shanghai explicitly proposed that the density of industrial robots should reach 360 in 2025, and Beijing called for a world leader in the possession of a million robots, with more than $30 billion in revenue from the city’s core robot industry. Policies have also proposed a better layout and breakthrough for “human robots” and a future shift in robotics from the industrial level to the consumer level, with a sustained opening of industrial space.
Our robot market continues to grow, and the density is expected to accelerate. In 2023, our industrial robot holdings will reach 1.5 million and are expected to grow steadily over the next three years. We are now one of the largest industrial robot markets in the world, and the rapid growth of our robotics market will be boosted by the introduction of robot-related policies in 2023.
Tens of thousands of people, up to 246 per 10,000; but, compared to 932 in Korea, 605 in Singapore, and 3.9 in Japan, robotic applications in the steel industry are expected to accelerate. The digitalization of the steel industry has continued to rise in recent years, led by the BMW Group and the BMW software, but the resource consumption and energy consumption in steel production continues to be excessive, and technological and equipment innovation problems remain.
In this context, the Bounty Group has proposed the "Multiple Possibilities" as a key measure for upgrading the steel industry.
Table 2: Value of industrial robot applications in the steel industry, the main advantages of robots.
Robots can significantly reduce the intensity of workers and avoid the harm caused by their work. For example, cars, pick-ups, porters, etc. Robots can protect workers from toxic and harmful gases and dangerous high temperatures, while improving operating standards and efficiency.
For a number of dusty and hostile operations, robots are used to protect workers from manual work.
For standard operations such as quality testing, temperature measurement, sample testing, robotic operations can avoid human error leading to error, error, inaccuracy of measurements, etc., in order to enhance the accuracy of the various types of tests.
Robots digitize, inform, and “don't land” their traditional processes, and significantly improve the timeliness and accuracy of the flow of production-line information.
Products and solutions to help manufacturing enterprises advance in humanization and dehumanization, optimize production and logistics efficiency, including smart production lines, smart logistics, smart detection, and intelligent quality. The smart production lines are built around robotics, covering eight areas ranging from smelting, steel extraction to heat bumps, cold swings, automated processes, and companies provide various types of industrial robotic equipment, solutions, full life cycle wiring, and reduce production lines throughout the steel industry.
Table 3: Bosin robotics product lines, Bosin multiplicity of robots are already in production. Robots automatically label the system: it includes six-axis robots, tags, electrics.
Modules such as air control systems, on-site handling cabinets and hmi monitoring; which can mitigate frequent manual work on production lines and heavy load problems and can effectively address the occurrence of off-the-shelf product situations; and which can be used for tagging operations for various types of chilled products, such as medium plate, steel rolls, etc.
Modules such as field handling cabinets and hmi system monitoring; applicable to fast-paced production lines in lieu of manual heavy duplicate operations; usable in the system for the removal and labelling of steel roll samples of all kinds.
In the steel production stages, the manufacturing process has been replaced by robotics, such as the use of temperature-sampling robots, automatic slag protection robots, etc.
Slag robots, etc.; cold-rolled whole-line robots can reduce and eliminate 3d (dangerous, dusty, difficult) jobs by 6-12% and increase robotic efficiency by 5-15%. In the pre-alert intelligentization, in addition to sampling robots, there are smart things, agv transfer robots, automatic needle exchange machines, etc.; this programme can achieve long-range control and waste reduction.
In 2026, the Bolowe will serve on the 10,000 Bolo robotics to promote the rapid growth of the Boisin robotics business. In June 2022, the Bolowe Group convened the Mobilization Conference for the 10,000 Bolo, and the Poloun Platform and the Polo House were officially launched. As our manufacturing industry developed, robots replaced them.
Work is on the move, with more than 10,000 “Bolo” sets of robots now on board, completing the requirements of the manufacturing units. Treasure software continues to invest in robotics, targeting “extreme efficiency, high cost, standard delivery” and leading by point. All of them will access the company-made “Bolo” cloud platform and meet the four “Universal standards, uniform branding, unified access, unified services.”
The company actively explores the service model of Raas (robotasaservice) and in August 2022, the first 40 Polo employees were officially placed. The business is based on the Boshin Clouds platform, using the b00 business model, platform operation, and Raas service to move the Bolo robots fast.
The b00 model helps companies achieve long-term, stable and sustained income as a result of a wide range of customer stickers. Figure 7: Treasure bottling eco-economy breakthroughs, and national substitution is expected to accelerate.
Treasure letter big plc breakthroughs. Treasure letter software has been developed for 10 years and released on July 26, 2021, for large plc products designed for metal high-end equipment needs. In the large plc market, foreign investors monopolize about 99% of the market; Treasure platinum big plc is breaking the situation, and the product has been continuously validated since 2016, and is now in place in the top control requirement of the metallurgical industry for multi-plane bumpers and high-speed processing liners.
There are many applications. The P.I.P.P.P.P. is already comparable to the U.S. and U.S. high-end products, for example, high-speed control requirements for crash machines, and the system supports parallel calculations of up to six processing units, with single orders implemented for less than one nanosecond, with the fastest possible cleanup.
The period is as low as 200 microseconds: with broad support for the mainstream industrial field bus and the industry real-time e-net agreement, as well as the depth of the next generation's standard connection, the portopc-ua is more compatible and expandable than the foreign manufacturer. The large-scale plc for the steel industry, combined with the core process algorithms of the metallurgical industry, has been successfully validated in multiple production lines, such as steel rolling, such as the maximum control requirements of the metallurgical industry.
And as the Bo-Sin breaks out in the big plc area, the future products will not only be replaced by national production within the BMW system, but will also be gradually expanded in other sectors.
Figure 9: Poshinplc application. Bosinplc is a national alternative to key products and is a new growth point for companies. Domestic data predicts that China ' s market size in plc in 2020 will be about 11.2 billion yuan, projected to reach 16 billion yuan by 2023, with a combined annual growth rate of 12.6%.
Large plc areas are almost monopolized by foreign manufacturers, with the largest share of manufacturers such as Siemens and Mitsubishi, so that large plc areas are the most needed locations in the country. At present, the Treasure has released a new generation of multi-nuclear plc masters, focusing further on the development and innovation of core industrial and regulatory software.
A model multi-industry application programme; full-scale and industrialization of autonomous plc products, from the metallurgical sector to key sectors such as electricity, energy, and equipment manufacturing, would make plc a new growth point for companies.
In June 23, the company released the company's industrial Internet platform, the brand name of the company, "Bosunnet", which was re-elected to the 2022 national platform, to maintain the country's first-tier level; the Sino-Sedium Association's science and technology outcomes were determined to be internationally leading. In June 23, the company released its "Bossunden 4.0" and launched five major packages:
1. Industrial eco-eplat package 4.0: The package has entered a critical phase of scale-up, requiring the integration of the platform with the depth of the business to quickly meet user needs and enhance user viscosity. 2) Industrial Iiplat package 4.0: The package has developed an object networking component based on the "Boloyan" project and launched a high performance of the industrial interconnection package
Version, which has been implemented on a scale in a number of industries, mainly to address the need for national production substitution of industrial and regulatory software, and safe and fast access for 10,000 “Bolo” applications. 3) Data Eco-58 package 4.0: This package provides one-stop data collection of eco-research and development (ERD) design tools based on user roles to continuously upgrade the use of data for all categories of business users.
4) Artificial intelligence xai package 4.0: The package is structured around four core components of intelligence perception, smart decision-making, smart control, model waterlines, and is efficiently built and managed through xai, as well as the core industrial intelligence algorithm database. 5) Applied development package xdev package 4.0: The package is primarily designed to facilitate the UPF platform ' s own delivery as well as the customer ' s business value delivery, with low code at the same time
By applying visualization, page view visualization, data visualization, process visualization, automated action, system rights autonomy, six major capabilities, and lowering the development threshold, for example, by using low-code platforms, the company can quickly build applications with only five steps.
For end-of-life needs not covered by industry systems, such as group contingency reports, ready-to-use through low-code components, resulting in the rapid completion of contingency data filings and aggregations for over 100 molecular companies, process-line upgrades, configurations, etc. Investment proposals: continuous good corporate industrial software, plc, robotic developments, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings.
(a) The slow spread of robotic applications;
Treasurestone Software (600845.sh)—Quarterly steady growth, sustained integration of the steel-information industry - 2022-04-29 Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future