The Sini Mountain Convergence Network (300628.sz) has improved performance, and cloud office terminals are growing well.
Dollars, +459%; net return returns of $1,958 million, ~5.16%; changes in United States tariff policies that slow down short-term exits, such as desktop communication terminals, and companies are in a new, old energy conversion period. In the first three quarters, corporate performance was largely “ring-up, orderly growth”
The three-quarter round-to-the-season return of revenues and profits reflects firm market competitiveness in core business areas and good downstream market demand. The first half of the telephone (desktop communications terminal) business experienced a 13.63 per cent drop in the same year, with orders placed during the transition period for overseas capacity-building, mainly in response to the changing international trade environment.
The size of the foreign market is still wide, and companies will continue to optimize their products. Basic data: 30 September 2025. Structured, increased high-end market openings (e.g. t7, t8 series) and deeper exploration of market opportunities.
At the same time, in the first half of 2025, the share of new lines of business other than the company phone was more than 50%, and both the conference products and the business earphones had a “low share, high potential” breakthrough. The company launched the ai hearing aid product Yayasound in July, marking the market's expansion from b to c.
The conference’s q3 growth momentum has been restored, and cloud office terminals have demonstrated the potential for sustainable growth.
2025h1, the company’s conference product generated $1,076 million, compared to +13.17%, and in the short term, despite the fact that the collection rate fell short of the firm’s expectations, horizontal comparison of industry firms remained outstanding. At the same time, meeting product, which reached 66.41% in the first half of the year, remained at the same level as telephonic products, effectively contributing to higher performance.
Zhao Tianyu's new engine. The company has launched a smart video one machine, meetingbara 40/a50, dante tops, microphone cm50, smart tracking camera smartvision80, video host mcore4, etc.
Many new items, q4, will also continue to launch the Meetingbara25 large smart office model as one. We believe that the conference room scene is one of the most important scenes on the horizon, with a strong client base and channel base, an advantage in R & D costs compared to overseas brands, and a strategy for i-vision, Microsoft, etc.
Cloud Office Terminal 2025h1 generated $262 million, or +30.55 per cent. The company continued to improve the layout of the business ear and ear series, which continued to enrich the product matrix with the introduction of the cable ear and uh4x series in the course of the year.
The commercial eels market has a large stock of space, the company’s share still has a high growth space, and is expected to continue its rapid growth momentum as the product matrix becomes richer, the channels are expanding faster, and the ai capabilities are imported. The overseas capacity transfer project has been launched, and progress has been made in building capacity abroad, and it is now overseas.
The company expects that future tariff fluctuations in Central America and the United States will not affect the overseas capacity program arrangements, and that the target of 70% of the demand for US business in the second half of the year will be met. The company also plans to combine domestic and foreign production capacity, with flexibility to adjust to the order situation, as it closes down.
Tax policies have become clear, overseas capacity-building has progressed in an orderly manner, orders have been delivered back to normal, and while the Maori and cost rates have been stressed, we believe that the tariff effect will be gradually reduced, and that it is expected that companies will continue to expand market shares and maintain an “enhanced-b” rating in order to consolidate the import of existing ai capacity.
The share runs the risk of a decline in the Māori rate through an active marketing policy; the American market accounts for a relatively high share of income in Europe, and so forth. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, position or beliefs in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.