Today's Shen Fei of Loma's Shen Fly tomorrow, Shen Fly of China, Shen Fly of China 600,760.
Lockheed Martin is an industry dominated by aerospace, missile, and equipment systems. Currently, the company is s1480178001 Lightning Fighters, f-22 Raptor Fighters, Black Hawk Helicopters, c-130 Hercules Transports.
In 2017, 69 per cent of the company ' s revenue came from the United States Government, 30 per cent from international military clients and 1 per cent from the United States Government ' s defence budget and annual contracts with the Department of Defense.
Business and others. Corporate operating income in 2017 was $51 billion and net profit was $3.8 billion, and the two strategic decisions of Loma, respectively, could be of value to Shen Fei. First, focusing on the main business, strengthening core business through merger restructuring. At the same time, the full R & D system plus sufficient R & D costs to help L.L.M. lead.
Second, internationalization has helped Loma grow, and export operations have grown significantly in recent years. On one side, Shen Fei can strengthen cooperation with governments abroad, through strategic relationships or cooperation agreements, circulation b/h units (millions of shares)
Shen Fei, on the other hand, has the flexibility to use capital markets for rapid access to technology and markets through mergers and acquisitions. Shen will enter the best stage of development in the next two years.
With a return to production, the delivery of the company’s latest mainframe models 15 and 16, or having entered the stage of the formalization of the price implementation, usually the audited price is higher than the provisional price, and subsequent price differential compensation is expected to accelerate the release of performance. And, as the construction of 31 projects progresses, the development process is expected to accelerate.
At the same time, the introduction of the Equity Incentives program shows that the company has sufficient confidence in its future medium- and long-term development.
The Department's current exclusive position on the defence platform, which is now valued at $60.5 billion, maintains its “strength,” “Silver Year Report: Keeping performance up fast.”
East's source of wealth and wisdom, Chinese Shen Fei (600,760): Today's Shen Fei of Loma is tomorrow.
1.1 Focusing on the main business to strengthen the core business through merger restructuring, 1.1.1 Loma was founded as a civilian aircraft company, but was involved in the development and production of military aircraft as soon as World War II broke out.
Through self-researched p-38 blitz fighter jets, the then-United States Government’s large arms purchase orders were rapidly becoming a leader in the United States military industry. After the war, Loma tried to open up two lines of military and civilian development, for example, in the 1960’s, Loma started to develop I-1011-star-wide civil aviation passenger aircraft, because of its engines.
The rb211 engine, developed by Rollsles, was used, but the bankruptcy of the engine’s high R & D costs forced the l-1011 rollout, which directly caused l-1011 to fail in a competition with a similar performance of dc-10, with very few sales. After that, Lockheed abandoned the passenger aircraft market and fought for it.
1.1.2 In the 1990s, when the United States won the Cold War, the United States Government began to cut its defence spending sharply, while the expenditures of Nasa and civil aviation on new aircraft purchases also fell dramatically, which had a devastating impact on arms dealers.
It is estimated that only one-quarter of the 120,000 arms businesses at the time survived, while others stopped trading in arms or merged with other companies. At the same time, the US government began to take the lead in the military industry’s no-power operations by introducing measures to promote the merger of the military industry and to increase its concentration.
In response to the dramatic changes in the industry at the time, Loma had almost changed and reorganized itself:
(1) In order to strengthen its core business, Lockheed acquired the General Power Fighter business in March 1993, taking the F-16 model, which was the best sold at the time, and becoming the most powerful company in the field of American fighter aircraft at the time. Meanwhile, Martin Marietta acquired General Electric in 1992 and 1993, respectively.
Space operations and common power space systems have further expanded their leadership in rocket, satellite, and space shuttle domains. After these acquisitions, Martin and Lockheed jumped to America’s second-largest aerospace company in 1994.
(2) In order to further enhance the ability to compete for government space contracts, reduce costs and, in 1995, Lockheed and Martin announced their merger and determined that aviation, space, global communications, system integration, technical services were to be used as nuclear business, and the aircraft engine for general electrical was purchased in October 1995 and purchased in January 1996.
They bought the company, developed their own defense electronics and systems integration operations, during which time Loma absorbed or merged a total of 17 arms businesses or related businesses. Through these mergers, Loma became the leading supplier of arms to the United States Department of Defense, the Department of Energy, and Nasa, and became the world’s leading fighter, satellite, and spaceship manufacturers.
1.1.3 The merged non-core business is continuously separated or integrated. The merged company Loma demarcates the non-core business, sold the former company Martin's combat vehicle and artillery business and the materials sector in 1996 and its measurement and control system branch after the acquisition of the company.
In this development, Loma has sold its own electronic aviation system operations, satellite communications operations, information systems, and global solutions operations, etc., and has also provided sufficient cash flows to Loma as it integrates its operations. At the same time, Loma has consistently consolidated and developed its competitive advantages in the core military areas of aviation, space, and missiles.
Leigh was purchased year after year, with its main business being fighter jets, drones, and missiles. In 2015, Loma acquired Sicowski for $9 billion, bringing under the flag its world-famous series of Black Hawk helicopters. In the following years, Black Hawk helicopters provided a huge growth space for Loma, and made it possible for Lo.
Ma also has a strong competitive advantage in the helicopter sector, forming a fully fledged competitive advantage in the military field. Eastern financial and intellectual sources 1.2 Complete R & D systems with adequate R & D costs to help L. Loma lead the technological innovation frontier
1.2.1 Multi-level R & D systems collaborate on innovation to lead future scientific and technological development. Innovation is the core strategy of Loma, a strategy led by long-term R & D and innovation in the areas of aircraft, radar, missiles, satellites, rockets and information technology, always leading the industry forward.
In support of the company's development strategy, Loma established a conventional mechanism for technological innovation, ranging from its headquarters-level innovation centre to the design of products such as skunk factories, advanced technology laboratories and technology pre-research institutions, which have created systems, coordinated and innovative systems, encompassing the future of the United States of America's combat concept, equipment design research, and maintaining current relations with the United States military.
At the same time, Loma has placed great emphasis on working with its “peer.” For too long, Loma has established various forms of cooperation with the US government, the military, universities, and domestic and foreign firms, including joint ventures, collaborative teams, alliances, etc.
The research and development system within Loma can be divided into two levels. The Innovation Center is the centre of strategic innovation in research in Loma, serving all the business sectors of the company. Its core function is to pre-examine the concept of the future of the United States and to provide a viable new model of warfare to help the United States Department of Defense decide the way forward.
The main resource for experimental design and concept of operations analysis could be an organic integration of resources across the company’s business areas, creating a hybrid capability, developing specific programmes to address joint combat needs. The Innovation Centre ensured that Loma would be strategically aligned with the military in future equipment development, leading to forward-looking and advanced equipment design concepts.
Table 2: The internal R & D system of Loma, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Shen Fei in China (600,760): The tomorrow of today's Shen Fei in Loma.
In addition to the headquarters-level R&D institutions, Loma has a large number of technological innovation platforms that are important in the industry — skunk factories, advanced technology centres, Sandia National Laboratory, etc. — for example, the Skunk factory, established in 1943, is a relatively independent innovation R&D design sector within Loma.
It's also the core business of Loma – the foundation on which military aircraft are designed to survive and develop. The skunk factory has a highly autonomous management model, usually able to break through technical constraints and develop the most advanced aerial weapons products, with limited time and resources. The skunk factory has developed many of the world's famous military equipment.
For example, the C-130 transports, which were launched in 1953, are still being used on a large scale. The American military's main anti-submarine helicopters, F-117, F-16, F-22, F-35, p-3 are all from a skunk factory in Loma.
Long-term exploratory, forward-looking research in the field of technology has been recognized as one of the most respected names in the field of design and research in the aviation industry.
From its inception, Loma developed a philosophy of R & D and investment at all costs. The financing of the R & D and innovation activities of Loma comes mainly from the government, other users, and the companies themselves.
Since the merger of Lockheed and Martin, Loma has maintained a high level of self-financing for research and development.
Corporate R & D spending accounts for about 3% of revenue. In 2015-2017, Loma invested 817 million, 988 million, $1.2 billion, and Cagr 13.67% in self-financing R & D spending, and sufficient R & D spending guaranteed its technological leadership.
Figure 3: The ratio of self-financed R&D expenditure to revenue collected by Loma, 1993-2017, is higher for technological innovation from the United States Government and the military, in addition to research and development investment by the company. The United States equipment procurement contracts are priced on a cost-plus basis, i.e., advanced technology pre-research, risk reduction, design manufacturing, flight.
East's source of wealth and wisdom, Chinese Shen Fei (600,760): Today's Shen Fei tomorrow in Loma, the cost of research and development such as testing and modeling is borne by the company, until the equipment is in bulk procurement phase, government contracts are in place.
The only way to add previous R&D costs to production costs is to add a certain unit-product profit to the purchase price. For example, the f-35 Joint Attack Fighter Project has generated more than $40 billion in R&D costs since its conceptual validation was launched in 1995, and Loma, as the main contractor, has access to substantial R&D funding.
In terms of support for innovative platforms, for example, for skunk plants, Loma allows skunk plants to fast-track the project to the prototype phase, free of the company's entire logistics support system, and allocates an “unusual” budget. Each year, $900 million is earmarked for research and development for skunk plants, of which 15% is spent on basic research to ensure their technological leadership.
1.3 Shen Fei's core business and research and development China has been creating China's first and largest modern striker design and manufacturing base since 1957.
Since its inception, we have been carrying out research, development, and production of our strikers and defence equipment, and have developed and produced more than 20 types of thousands of aircraft, which have evolved into a complete and mature business system. From the successful experience of Loma, which focuses on its main business, it is important to learn from the strategy of developing core business and moving away from unconnected business.
The first major products include air defence equipment and civil aviation products, the production of which is the production of our successive strikers, including dynasty-5, dynasty-11, dynamite-15, deuterium-16, deuterium-31, as their core business.
Manufacturing, including components of civil aircraft, both domestic and foreign, including c919 and a320, which account for only about 5% of the revenue from China’s Shenzhen Flying. As can be seen, China’s Shenzhen Flying has also always focused on the main business in its development, and has become more competitive in its own nuclear operations, allowing it to continue winning the design and manufacture of every generation of strikers in the country.
In terms of technology development, Shen-Shen has been leading digital manufacturing applications, composite materials applications, aircraft design techniques, aerotechnical equipment engineering, titanium alloy processing, damage-free testing, metrology testing, reliability testing, intensity testing, etc.
The field has developed a strong R & D capability, and Shen Fei specifically raised 1,668 million dollars in 2017 in asset restructuring for the production of new machines. However, there is still a large gap between the technological reserves of our aviation defense equipment industry and the leading defense champions in countries such as Loma, where equipment such as motors, precision naval appliances, etc. still needs to be removed from the country.
From Loma's successful experience, Shen Fei can further increase its investment in research and development, with one side intervening in the most sophisticated combat aircraft and defence technology, such as plasma invisibility, unmanned, informatization, laser weapons. On the other hand, work is under way to improve the performance of the core components of the fighter aircraft, such as engines, radar systems, etc.
The U.S., A.S., etc., allows the Shen-flying fighter model to gain a real advantage in domestic and foreign defence competition contracts, leading to changes in the air defence platform.
Figure 5: The share of Shen Fei ' s R & D expenditure in 2016 - 2018 compared to the source of wealth and wisdom in the East 2. Internationalization strategy to provide Loma with more room for growth
2.1 Internationalization has contributed to the growth of Loma, which in recent years has seen impressive growth in export operations The global build-up of fighter jets, which have experienced a significant decline or even negative growth in recent years due to the lack of successful development of five generation aircraft and weak domestic procurement requirements, among other factors.
The giants have looked to the global markets for military exports, such as the Russian company uac United Air Manufacturing, which is committed to making Su-57 an export of ultra-high value for money, setting up four generations of dual-use fighters, and setting up “24 Typhoons, which occupied the global market in 2025”.
Figure 6: The world's military giants have seen a steady decline in warplane operations/air sector revenues in recent years.
The U.S. government tends to account for a large share of US military-industrial revenue. First, the United States is the world’s largest military spending country, with a US military budget of $69.51 billion in 2018, accounting for about 35% of the world’s military budget, and the root cause of the success of many of America’s military-industrial giants is rooted in the global context.
For example, after the United States Congress passed the Budget Control Act in 2011, the United States military budget fell by 19 per cent for four consecutive years, and Lomma’s revenues were also shown in figure 7: United States military expenditures and Loma’s revenues in 1999-2017.
Since Loma is a dedicated defense contractor for military workers, commercial operations have accounted for less than 1% of its revenues in recent years. And the United States government, with its relatively stable procurement of its products, depending on the military budget of the year, has expanded its military operations in the international market, increasing export revenues being the main business thinking and corporate strategy of the company for nearly two decades.
I. Since 2001, Loma’s international revenues have been on a volatile upward trend, with a moderate increase in the share of corporate revenues. From 2015 to 2017, with the export of F-35 fighter jets, Black Hawk helicopters, and the UK’s awe project, Loma’s international revenues and share have increased significantly, contributing up to 61 per cent of the growth in corporate incomes.
The international market has provided tremendous space for the future development of Loma. Figure 8: Internationalization revenues of Loma as a percentage of Eastern financial and intellectual booms, 2001-2017
2.2 Internationalization of Loma is a review of the extremely strategic analysis, and the process of internationalization of Loma has been broadly divided into three steps since the merger of Lockheed and Martin.
In 1995, when Lockheed and Martin merged, internationalized operations accounted for only 15% of Loma’s revenues. In 1996, Loma expanded its share of international business through strategic alliances and signed a cooperation agreement with Italy.
In 1997, Loma formed a Russian satellite communications system agency to provide global telecommunications services. In 1998, the Polish, Hungarian and Czech air sovereignty control centres of Loma became operational. In 2000, Loma and Secro Ltd., British Atomic Energy Co. established joint ventures.
The Department, in the same year, sold non-core control operations to the British company Bae. Phase II (2005-2012): During this period, Loma undertook large mergers and acquisitions abroad through capital markets, enabling firms to gain rapid access to technology and markets, thereby increasing international competitiveness and occupying overseas markets.
Lomma acquired the British-based Stasya, the main network communication and cross-fertilization defence business, and Lomma, a diversified supplier of defence communications systems, weapons systems and services. In 2006, Lomma sold shares in two international joint ventures — lkei and ls. In 2007, Loma invested more.
Efforts to expand operations through cooperation with foreign governments have targeted air, electricity systems, information systems, and the global market for services, increasing penetration of underdeveloped countries through acquisitions to the African Pae Group. In 2009, Lomán set a more active internationalization target, hoping to increase the share of internationalized income from 14% in the coming years.
Increases to 20%. In 2009 - 2011, the proportion of international aviation and electronics operations continued to increase, while in 2011 international operations accounted for 25% and in electronics 26%.
Phase III (2013-2017): During this period, Loma has strategically increased its focus on overseas markets, further accelerating its internationalization process, including through the establishment of international companies and the consolidation of operations, and gaining the potential of Eastern financial resources.
In 2013, for the first time, Loma International (lmi) was established to strengthen international customer relations and industrial partnerships, and to expand the global operations of Loma, which acquired the United Kingdom ' s amor Group in the same year to strengthen its operational capacity in energy, transport and public services. In 2014, Loma ' s international operations generated total sales.
At the same time, Loma has further strengthened the localization of international operations by setting up new innovative workshops in the United Arab Emirates, establishing subsidiaries in Israel, opening new offices in the Bersheba region, and planning the establishment of space technology offices in the United Kingdom to strengthen the presence of universities and scientific institutions.
In 2015, Loma acquired Sikorski Aircraft at a price of about US$ 9 billion, bringing the Sikorski branded Black Eagle helicopter under its flag, greatly enhancing the advantages of the Loma Department and other competitors in the field of military aviation and enabling it to pass through the two majors, F-35 and Black Hawk.
Table 3: The internationalization process of Loma to date in 1995 reviews how Shen Flying, drawing on Loma, offers great prospects for the future internationalization of Shen Flying.
We have always attached great importance to the development of the warplane market, from the very first successful foreign trade, to the first foreign trade model, the fc-20, which we have been trying to launch a cheap foreign trade aircraft for Latin America, Africa and China.
Developing countries such as East and South-East Asia are looking for orders. Because of the historical differences in the distribution of the two scavenging machine development plants in our country, it is primarily responsible for autonomous research and development of the core technology of each generation of fighter aircraft, while Shen Fei is responsible for research and development and nationalization on the basis of the Su-27 aircraft that were introduced in the early stages of technology.
In recent years, with the success of the Shen Fei autonomously developed titanium-31, and the opening of the Pearl Sea, the super-high value ratio of titanium-31 has been made possible by the international market, and if you have obtained an export licence, it would be very useful to meet the needs of many developing countries.
Building on the successful experience of the internationalization of Loma, the strategy and specific measures taken in the process of internationalization are worthy of consideration by China.
In the early stages of internationalization, Loma has also taken the initiative.
The subsequent establishment of Loma International also focused on strengthening international customer relations and partnerships to provide a good basis for the company to develop its global business. Our country has previously worked with strategic partners through attempts by dragons.
Together with Pakistan’s co-development, it has been successful in exporting and authorizing off-shore production of the machine’s wholesome technology, and has enabled the aircraft to load the Pakistan Air Force in bulk. Therefore, Shen Fei will continue to build on this development experience and expand the possibilities for flexible capital markets to quickly acquire technology and markets through mergers and acquisitions.
As a result of a series of actions, Loma has rapidly expanded international markets in the fields of aviation, electricity systems, information systems, and globalized services, thereby increasing its market share in the less developed countries. Drawing on Loma’s experience, Shen can fly across the country.
Targeted acquisitions or participation in internationalization of overseas firms directly linked to their own main business, seeking partners on a global scale, can leverage capital markets to further enhance their competitiveness in international markets.
In 2017, after a major asset restructuring, Shen Fei injected 100 per cent of the Shen Fei Group ' s equity, while at the same time displacing all assets and liabilities other than 66.61 per cent of the AAT stock, the main business was transformed into the production of strikers and defence equipment and became the first in the country with the core assets of fighter aircraft.
The company's production models consist mainly of Xi-16 and Xi-11, and the future looks good with Xi-31. The Chinese striker's cradle, Shen Shen Shen Sheng, is known as the “China striker's cradle” and assumes the task of developing and producing our strikers and defense equipment. The company's main machines are Xi-15 and Xi-11, and they are now in bulk for three-and-a-half generations.
It's a powerful ground-to-sea high-performance bomber that can crush three generations of mechanism space in our country, 20 generations of power has entered the age of military service.
The first stock incentive plan and the announcement of the 10-year long-term equity incentive plan. The first issue is for performance growth.
The main conditions for unlocking are that the fiscal year prior to the release date of each of the three instalments will have to meet the period of compound growth in net profit after deduction. We believe that this break-off in performance predicts an accelerated growth in the company’s business performance over the next five years, and that the commitment of management to its own business development is well demonstrated by the restriction of the top 25 per cent of the target firm.
The core military assembly company, which has a clear role to play in the model poles in the military industry, is also bound to raise the company’s water management revenues and speed (in billions of dollars) of the air force’s equipment at a slower rate than expected: the market for civilian goods is less developed than expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
China Air Shen Fei (600,760): Today's Shen Fei tomorrow in Loma, Master of Arts at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, four years of experience in securities, formerly employed in China Air Securities, Great Wall Securities, and joined the East Hing Securities Corps in 2017.
Zhang Cheuki is concerned with the new three-board, military and industrial fields.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.