30 April 2025 China ' s chemistry (601117.sh) billion yuan, or 4.14 per cent more; net profit for mothers, 5.688 billion yuan, or 4.82 per cent more; net profit for non-retroactive mothers
Dragon Skylight is $113.313 billion, an increase of 12.63 per cent, or 30.88 per cent.
There has been an increase in profitability and a pressure on cash flows in the first quarter. The company ' s Māori rate in 2024 was 10.11%, which is 2.1 pct, chemical engineering/infrastructure/environmental governance/business and the Māori rate of new materials/modern services.
By the end of 2024, 300,000 tonnes/year coal ethanol project, 30,000 tonnes/year variable storage project in Sai Din, enabling materials project successfully completed production, producing qualified products and achieving production targets, and new business start-up project became a new efficiency point for corporate business.
“Galactic Construction” reports that China’s chemical performance has improved steadily, and that it has been able to achieve a positive growth in the country’s market performance in the past few years, with more than 70% of the total number of contracts in the top 10 countries, while successfully entering four new national markets – Hungary, Bolivia, Morocco, Kyrgyzstan, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.