One-stop platform expansion of the light module oms, benefiting from changes in supply chain patterns in the PV era Investment rating: buying (for the first time) the Xianfu communication focus high-end optical device solution, which is very productive in manufacturing casts.
The company is one of the world ' s largest providers of light communicationless device solutions, expanding over the years to cover all categories of products upstream of the light module, and forming a high-speed light device solution, orem/odm, with 13 product lines and eight solutions.
More than 50%, representing high-end product positioning and high-quality customer quality. Corporate cost control, which has remained stable for 10 years. Markets often match companies with Fabrinet (fn.n.). We believe that companies are similar to Fabrinet's strategy, but Skybil owns no-source devices.
A stronger market position, and a more upstream positioning of the foil, with high-end, passive + characteristic and source-based workers, is more in line with the reality of the domestic light and communications industry. Corporate prices compare to the trend of 300 deep.
• The unsourced goods market is rising with light module water, the foil is expanding the product line and continuously upgrading it. In the wake of the large model training and reasoning infrastructure needs, the global light module industry has developed rapidly, with a large variety of non-source devices and a conservative global market estimated at $2.2 billion in 2022.
Multi-species suppliers incur time costs for client certification integration, and the trend in the future is towards a concentration of shares and modular procurement. Tianfu starts with ceramic tubes, three traditional products are successfully extended to multiple customers, and through endogenous development + precision M& As, it has developed sophisticated ceramics, engineering plastics, etc.
A complete solution for composite metals, optical glass, both horizontally expanding and increasing the tam, and also increasing the value and viscousness of individual customers. Quick development of silicon light routes, which require light engine sealing to improve product interoperability and good practices, companies
Source covers require different process platforms and objectively generate outsourcing needs. Silicon light routes are rapidly developing, and silicon light modules need to address three main problems: photo-source coupling, fibre-optic coupling, and photo-electric mixing.
With the ability of light engines to encapsulate, and in order to improve the generality of the chip and its probabilities, there is an objective need for light-induced lockdown and outsourcing. Moreover, with the development of cpo, opticalio, the light communication industry chain will be reshaped, the light module will shift from plug-in to a combination module form, and the voice may focus more on the chip.
The company, and the light engine, is more customized. In partnership with the silicon light, ayarlabs, the silicon chip and engine are being developed, and Nvlink is expected to switch from 6.0 to 7.0 to the ptialio form.
More customized development. Looking forward to the development of a cluster ofai communications, and positioning it in the upper-middle- and upper-level workforce, would be more conducive to taking the lead in obtaining orders from the chip's giant light engine.
The growth of the ball gpu may lead to a decline in the market for light modules, less progress in overseas production capacity than is expected to affect large clients, and structural growth in active business leads to a single day of communication: a focus on the high end of the optical device as a whole solution.
Vendors, profit-making techniques. Wirtschaftsprüfer is one of the world's largest providers of photocommunicationless device solutions, expanding over the years to cover all product groups upstream of the light module, and creating a high-speed light package-oem/odm solution.
In 2016, it invested tsuoismold in Japanese tsuoismold with precision optical lens technology at the nano level: the plc product line acquired aidi in 2018 with the complete solution awgmux/demux; and the Arctic light power acquired in 2020.
As of July 24, the founding team of the Tianfu team held 38.13% of Tianfu and 38.13% of the first largest share, and the co-founder of Chu, 8.92% of the shares.
Five directors, Chu, Wang Chi Hong, Pan Ji-feng, Yong-fu, and O-Yo. The company’s executive team has many years of work experience in the company, and the company also has 240 core technical (operational) staff through equity incentives. The governance structure is stable. As at q2, the fund held 28.7 per cent of the shares, the coupons were 0.2 per cent, insurance was 0.6 per cent, the land shares were 2.4 per cent and the fund was growing by a warehouse ring.
From a source of activity, the company’s 13 main product lines & 8 programmes cover all light module applications. The company adheres to the strategic orientation of expansion without competition with the module’s customers, based on super-precision and zero components, vertically integrates multiple product lines, and provides the customer with a multi-tech platform and multi-application optical device solution. The company owns the mux/demux package.
Co-coupled manufacturing technology, Fa fibre array design manufacturing technology, box containment manufacturing technology, parallel optical design manufacturing technology, optical component plating technology, nanoscale precision modeling design manufacturing technology, micro-scale manufacturing technology for metal materials, eight major technological platforms for ceramic materials incinerated through endogenous R & D + extended M & A (mainly plastic lenses, awg, awg, etc.)
Depending on the source-of-source device, the company has developed various active components of the OSa, box, cob, aoc, silicon, etc. & engine odm/oem. The company maintains a high-end product orientation based on the quality approach of "Multiple Integrity, 120 Quality, Crafts and Wirtschaftsprudence"
Chart 1 Fertilde communications form eight high-speed light device wrapping programmes based on the 13 major product lines of the Sourceless Devices Reuse process platforms and production capabilities to actively expand laser radar and medical detection applications. As a high-level autopilot of non-or non-existent sensors, laser radar pre-load penetration continues to increase, and yole predicts a global adaslidar in 2030.
The filiation team has built up its expertise in a number of fields, such as basic materials and components, optical devices, integrated envelopes, and has expanded its laser radar clients to provide the basic components such as prism, lenses, mirrors, filters, semi-cluster mirrors, fau, etc., and a combination of 1550 light sources.
With high-precision optical technology at the industrial level, 15.5 billion dollars in 2022 of precision optics at the global industrial level, the company acquired Arctic optics with high-end, high-precision filters, lenses, prisms, etc., with the ability to process platinum plating with high-end, high-precision filters, lenses, prisms, etc., and is currently actively expanding medical testing Chart 3 The global market for precision optics at the industrial level is over 100 billion
Figure 2 Recapitulation of global laser radar output and market forecasts for historical periods of income growth in the foil. 1) Since its inception in 2005, the company has cultivated ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, and receeptacle components
The “old three” business, which continues to expand, especially with the light-to-day interface component, which combines company products such as precision metal processing, lenses, tails, jumpers, sequesters, etc., after 2016, has seen a rapid increase in revenue, making it the most representative supplier in the country. The country’s 3g, 4g base stations and broadband infrastructure has generated a large demand for telecommunications light modules, using osa encapsulations.
The Division’s “old three” business benefited as a result.) After 2018, the global cloud computing investment surged, and the data centre became the fastest growing market for light modules, and after a few years, it reached the telecommunications market.
During the year, the company identified strategic positioning of its oms (optical and electronic manufacturing services) and increased its active business expansion, especially through the development of a large number of clients, while reducing low-mori telecommunications products such as osa in due course.4 By the end of 2020, the company completed a targeted increase in research and development inputs for the high-speed light engine project for large data centres, particularly silicon light technology
We believe that companies will continue to benefit from 400g/800g silicon light penetration. High Māori rates represent high-end product positioning and high-quality customer quality, and high net interest rates reflect excellent cost-control capabilities.
The Division ' s profitability in the light communication industry is well above that of its peers, and the combined Māori rate has remained at over 50 per cent since 2013, owing to the unsourced nature of the product, low unit prices, high quality requirements, high customization and profit-based attributes, and the average Māori rate of more than 40 per cent for the Carva Chee (Swiss of Light Bank Technology) as the Marker Division: the company insists on crafting.
Development, high-end positioning, good quality of clients, especially overseas clients, continues to rise; third, the advantage of size, raw materials are not the main in the cost structure of unsourced light, direct labour and manufacturing costs usually account for more than half of the cost, and company line management, worker training and quality control are all industry leaders.
Corporate cost control is excellent, and in terms of costs over time, a stable level of cost has been maintained for 10 years, and sales, management costs and scale effects have been reflected in consistent R & D inputs, while good cash flows have contributed to financial costs on a regular basis.
Founded in 2000, the main plant is located in Thailand and is positioned to provide a one-stop shop service for global optical and industrial lasers, auto electrons, optical sensors. The company’s proxy product lines include optical modules, roadm, silicon light, wiring cards, fibre-optic lasers, laser radars, 3d sensors, etc., and is designed to create customized optically passive components.
Major clients include Cisco, Lumentum, British Weida, infinera, etc. 1) Tianfu and Fabrinet have similar strategic orientations, both of which offer surrogate services instead of presenting their own cards, and Tianfu has the potential to grow into an annual income of $2.6 billion against the label Fabrinet.
2) The early entry of Fabrinet into non-communication areas such as lasers, laser radars, consumer electronics, with a 23 per cent share of the revenue of f4q23, while the filiation has made staged progress in laser radar. 3) For its clients, Fabrinet is more in favour of large North American plants, especially related modules and components, of high value in recent years.
Both companies have a strong interest in silicon light (f4q23 in optical communication plates, 38%) and filiation is more than ever available in passive devices. Fabrinetf4q23 earns 13.6% of silicon light, and the filicon light engine continues to grow.
5) The most important thing is that the Tianfu is more upstream in the industrial chain than the fabrinet, for example, in the silicon module for industrial production, where the Tianfu provides non-sourceless devices and part of the light engine for work, and the Fabrinet for the full light module for work. This is far higher than the Fabrinet, although it looks at the short-term falcon can reach a smaller market.
Tianfu is a good balance between income size and profitability, and maintains that high-end, non-source + characteristic, source-based workers are more in line with the country’s internal light and communication industry.2 Unsourced one-stop solutions expand horizontally, with a variety of sources of deep-deeping.
The platform light engine odm light module industry is growing rapidly, and the unsourced device market is rising. According to Lightcounting, the global light module market is estimated to be $14 billion in 2022 and is expected to grow from 7.8% cagr to 20 billion by 2028
Data centres, cwdm/dwdm are the two main markets that drive the growth of the light module, which will accelerate significantly in the context of large model training and the outbreak of intellectual infrastructure needs. Lightcounting predicts that the global market will reach more than $6 billion in 2024, and around $202.3 billion in growth, mainly in the one.
Cluster drivers. Taking into account the increase in light modules in Canada ' s infiniband and nvlink, we predicted in the Lightning Forecasting of a wave of demand for ai cluster light module, the country ' s first cpo standard-setting accelerated production development, that the world ' s market conservatively would reach over $9 billion in 2024.
The light module has a wide variety of sourceless devices, which are classified by function primarily into optical categories (reciprocals, prisms, mirrors, filters, tff, zblock), fibre-optic coupling (fiberarray, paraffin fa), silicon light (silicon lenses, model converters, awg), functional structure (receptacle, mpo connectors) and so on, as the market size of the light module increases.
It is difficult to calculate the value of the sourceless device in the light module in a uniform manner, depending on the quantity of the sourceless device. According to the disassembly report, in the 100gcwdm4 and 400gqsfp-ddr4 light modules, the cost of the sourceless device is 34% and 17%, respectively, requiring a photom of the combined wave function.
In addition, the telecommunication-grade light module has a relatively high value of non-sourced devices due to the introduction of air-clant envelopes and the need for bidi, symmetrical waves, parabolic beams/beams, paranoia, etc. We conservatively use the global light module market of $14 billion in 2022, with an average of 20% Maori, an estimated 20% of non-sourced devices, and no Skyfoil communications.
Source can reach market size of $2.2 billion. Figure 10 Unsourced devices cost ratio in light module bom (in 100g unsourced devices cost ratio in light module bom) (in 400g cwdm4)
As a result of the above analysis, we see that there are a large number of different types of non-sourced devices in the light module, and that there are dozens of different manufacturing processes for the light module manufacturer.
Integrator results in time costs. Because of the low value of non-source devices, light-module manufacturers want the share of suppliers to be stable, and it is desirable to supply multiple products at the same time, for example, the modules are typically part-fired by light-module manufacturers, receiving modules, muxdemux, fa, and mpo, respectively, to certify the components in the procurement.
The filiation continues to expand the sourceless product line and continuously improves the value of individual customers. The filiation is based on ceramic tubes, the ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters and the optical-receivable components are the most basic core non-sourcers in the light module osa envelopes, the public sector is aware of the need for the mobile Internet construction dividend for the telecommunication light module, and the three traditional products have been successfully expanded to multiple light modules.
Clients. Using endogenous development + precision mergers and acquisitions of tsuoismold, aidiplc product lines and Arctic photovoltaic extension of lens arrays, awg, optical cold-processing plating processes, the company has developed a complete solution covering a variety of basic material process platforms such as fine ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass, on one side horizontally.
Expanding the Tam and, on the other hand, increasing the value of individual customers and creating stickyness. Plastic/glass optical structures for co-coupling output light are widely used in osa, box, fibre-optic array lenses
Cob, aoc encapsulation for high density mpo/lc connectors inside the light module, in the cabinet and between the cabinets
Modular remobilization products, mainly structured with dry fibre optic adapters mt, mpo, lc connectors for cable connectors
Fibre-optic adaptor, filters, lenses, tff, wdm, prisms, etc.
Awgmux/demux devices used for silicon chip coupling, a related module fibre-optic coupling horizontally expands the laser radar market and has achieved stage results. Laser radar requires optical components to improve laser quality.
Resize the flares, alter the energy distribution of the field, achieve complex optical pathways, and the optical metascopes, rotors, prisms, etc. used in laser radars. According to industry studies, Fareoscala is used as an example in mass-producing laser radars, and the cost of the cell bom is 13% compared to 54% of the livox lens model using the prism scan.
Laser radar manufacturers seek to quantify products lightly, low-costly, and to simplify the bom list, and the integration of optical system designs has become a trend. Fibre communications re-use the PV platform to laser radars and rapidly generate volume capacity. Multi-dollar optical components are now entering the targeted laser radar, and product modelling will continue to be promoted in the future.
Laser radar light-source containment design is similar to the light module, and the foil has taken the lead in pushing products such as prism, beams, filters, fau, etc. into the mainstream 1550 laser radar supply chain.
The source covers require different process platforms and objectively generate outsourcing requirements. Different light modules require different packaging processes, such as OSa and ax gas sealing for forward transmission, pon, long-range light modules for wdm are more demanding for power, evasive heat, heat, and heat, often box wrapping, and a product life is used.
Short cycles, a good working environment, a good focus on the cost and efficiency of manufacturing, basically using coc lasers plus cobboards wrapping: silicon light processes have combined silicon chip and light sources on a cob basis, requiring additional light induction and encapsulation processes. Thus, in addition to large plants with large scale effects, small and medium-sized light-module manufacturers and overseas light-module manufacturers are usually involved.
Silicon light routes are rapidly developing, requiring different encapsulation processes. Silicon light modules are usually designed by silicon chip, cww
Large-power lasers, silicon-based detectors, and parts of ic need to solve three main problems of photo-source coupling, fibre-optic coupling, photo-electric mixing. In fibre-optic coupling, unlike eml, silicon light is modulated by silicon chip, and the signal needs to be "guide" out.
In addition to the silicon chip, there are two types of vertical coupling, the end coupling, the vertical coupling, the vertical coupling, the straight fixed coupling, the need for silicon chip customisation ssc or the coiling rink, the vertical free space coupling, the use of lenses and special structure designs, the parallel vertical coupling, the first of which is the fa-guiding coupling, etc.
In short, there are no standardized solutions for fibre-optic coupling, and for the same silicon chip, the module manufacturer may also develop different coupling methods.
Figure 15 Coupling of silicon chips with fibre optics
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
edge coupler (passively)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Freespace freespace coupler
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
On light sources, there are currently extra-lasers (first encapsulating laser coc, first using free optical or fa formulae silicon chip), mixed integration (often in reverse), hex integration (manufacturing silicon light and lasers respectively, then tying lasers to silicon light) and single integration (growing ii-v material directly outside silicon)
There are four ways in which a single aggregate product is not yet mature, and the mix is currently available only intel, korpios, and is poorly replicable; mixed integration, as a vertical coupling, requires 2.5d encapsulation, and the silicon chip parts are customised with fanars, with a relatively high threshold; and the outer laser is a more mature option for the current volume, as a horizontal coupling method.
There is also a need for precision wave-guiding targeting technology, which reaches 0.01um, and how it can be achieved at a high rate and becomes knowhow for each household. Photovoltaic integration is now largely cob-based, with future triver, tia trends of 2.5d envelopes to be put on silicone chips, and cpo trends of dsp (exchange chip or xpu ' s io part) to silicon light.
Silicon Fabless needs a light engine seal to improve the generality and efficiency of the product. The global silicon industry is divided into chip designs, panels, outer extensions, faundry, light modules, and systems equipment, with a few exceptions.
Unlike traditional schemes such as eml, dfb, where the silicon chip is stored between the foundry and the light module, in the light engine chain, due to light-source coupling, the non-standardization of fibre-optic coupling processes, and the ultimate probity and sexuality of the silicon light programme.
To increase the generality of chips and good rates, chip designers choose to provide them with light engine shapes to light-module manufacturers. With the exception of Idm-type chip manufacturers, the Fables chip manufacturers usually do not have light-guided encapsulation capabilities and objectively generate outsourcing requirements.
Chart 17 Global Silicon Light Industrial Chain The conventional light engine is a stand-alone photovoltaic transmission module with silicon chip, light source, detector, and triver, tia, which only needs to be placed on pcb to produce light modules quickly, such as sifotonics.
400gdr4+. And through our analysis above, optical engines in the optical sector are more technical barriers, sicoya and other silicon chip manufacturers provide, in addition to the nudity of die, well-enclosed light engine forms to customers, and intel and idm are also choosing to provide products in the light engine form to gradually transform into chip companies.
Chart 19scoya's 800g2*fr4 optical part engine
By increasing the single-channel port rate, using higher scales and using more parallel channels, the process of eml, the bandwidth of silicon light and the cost of lithium silicate became a challenge as the single-way port rate increased to over 100 gbaud, while the use of higher-level modems was actually at the expense of shorter distances and more power consumption, thus increasing the level of parity.
The number of rows becomes more realistic. Photovoltage seals can significantly reduce the distance between the anic and a light engine, significantly reduce the power of the serdes, and can increase integration and avoid a drop in the good rate of multiple channels that can be plugged into the light module. Photovoltage seals can occur either on the side of the switch (cpo) or on the end of the server or even on the pcie bus (opticario).
Lightning predicts that the cpo switch will be deployed on a scale of up to 200g when the server is upgraded, while the ptical iio will take the lead in following up with the next generation of chip requirements for a significant upgrading of communications performance. Lightning predicts that the cpo will be deployed to more than 2 million ports in 2028, while yole predicts the ai city in 2028.
The field's pticialio will reach $120 million in 2028. Cpo&opticalio will recreate the luminous communication industry chain, the light module will shift from a plug-in to a combinatorial model, the right of speech may be more focused on chip companies, and the light engine will be more definitive.
Chart 20cpo+lpo delivery will be over 6 million ports at 2028, ipowillbeusedwith100gserdes cpowillbemostlydepoyedwith200gserdes
At present, the major exchangers are in the layout of the cpo programme, while the main focus of planning for the pticialio programme is intel and British Weida. Intel argues that the next generation of cpo's product is an opticalio interface, customized around Xpu, with a total bandwidth of 4-64tbps, with a bandwidth density of 500-2000gbps/mm, which is currently available for puncturing modules.
50-100 times less energy-efficient than 3pj/bit, which is one of the tenths of a punctrable module. Intel designed an opticalio silicon chip, which combines lasers, soa, pd, micro-ringers, mode converters and v-groove, designed with 8 fibre-optics*8 wavelength*64gbpsnrz, with an overall bandwidth of 4tb/s; Intel also designed an interplugable light chain.
Connectors, using glass panels. Intel may be the first to apply the latest pticalio on a super-large fpga, but not on a high-performance gpu.
gpu and nvswitch's silicon chip and light engine. In the prototype design, British Welda's photo-coated gpu made it possible to use two light engines with a one-way bandwidth of 200gbs*24nvlinks=4.8tbps and 24 fibre-optics to transmit in parallel; and nvswitch had six light engines with a bandwidth of 25.6tbps. The photo-co-cam cover design will be polar.
Significant changes in the morphology of the ai server and switchboard, but both computational and communication density will improve significantly, while energy efficiency will increase. The overseas technology unicorns believe that nvlink is expected to switch to ptialio from 6.0 to 7.0, while other gpu manufacturers have not yet published similar layouts.
The giants have made the development of an otticalio, based on silicon light and photovoltaic combinations, a definitive direction for the development of one cluster communications, but moving to commercial deployment still depends on the maturity of the chip and encapsulation process and the refinement of interconnectivity standards (e.g. cxl3.0, nvlink6.0).
Chart 23, Vidal's photovoltaic dgx server assumes that chart 22 intel's vision of opticalio is ahead, with clear strategy. Silicon light, cpo, opticario, etc., external sources still need coc seals.
Compatibility with fibre optics brings with it the need for lenses, separators, fibres and custom-made fau, high-density mpo connectors, etc. Mobil will continue to expand the sourceless product lines on a digital platform, using more customizations. The global silicon chip layer is constantly emerging, mostly using the fables model, light engine encapsulating demand services or larger markets, and looking ahead to ai.
Cluster communications, cpo, opticalio, for orientation purposes, are more conducive to early access to customised proxy orders by factory agents located in the upper and upper middle stages than by light module companies.3 Profit forecasting and investment advice
1) In the case of non-source devices, the market has increased or remained stable because the number of units will be the main driver of the growth of light modules over the next 2-3 years, and silicon light seepage, as well as the increase in the short-range parallel light ratio or the reduction of the value of the non-sourced devices as a whole will still benefit from the rapid growth of 400g/800g shipments.
The light radar market is expected to maintain a high cagr, with a gradual increase in the revenue from the foil laserless device. We expect the foil to earn 920 million, 1.220 billion and 1.37 billion yuan, respectively.) On the source side, with the increased silicon light penetration and the continued expansion of the company ' s s silicon platform production capacity, the revenue will be collected.
The company will also benefit from the Māori ratio associated with the growth in global gpu output, which focuses on high-māori track and high-quality customers, adding to or maintaining more than 50 per cent of customized products; active business will increase and improve as high-end luminous engine projects produce, but client year-on-year
The demand is that the Māori rate will show a first-up/downside trend and be stabilized at a significant level. Taken together, as active companies maintain excellent cost-control capabilities, the cost rate will decline over the period with rapid income growth, compensating for the impact of the decline in Māori rates.
The high level of competition for unsourced products has led to a decline in the Māori rate, lower-than-anticipated orders from large-source clients, a slowdown in global gpu exports after an outbreak of growth, which could lead to a decline in the market for light modules, less than expected growth in overseas production capacity, and a rapid decline in the overall Māori rate as a result of structural growth in source businesses.
Data centre technology, communications chips, etc. The data and information used in this report, using legally compliant information, are produced independently and objectively, and are based on publicly available information on the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.