Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Innovative products are driven by a high rate of growth and equity incentives to show confidence in development.
Among them, products such as Rivirum, Dar Silly, Jingles, etc. have entered health care to achieve rapid release; Adberli singles have been included in the MDPP reimbursement catalogue to support the rapid growth of innovative products; and Haychopa has been recommended for clinical guidance and overall sales performance is relatively high.
At the same time, the company's innovative medicine went out to the sea and earned €160 million in foreign licensing payments during the reporting period.
The net and local collections of Acetic Acetylated Carpofine in Injection involve products such as iodized Buddhist fluids, the ingestion of heptafluoroalkyl and pipavine fluids, respectively, with sales reduced by $279 million and $276 million respectively, but the rapid release of innovative products by companies drives rapid overall performance growth.
The company has continued to increase its innovation efforts and maintain high levels of investment in research and development, amounting to billions of dollars over the reporting period. The company's clinical trials of innovation medicines have been well under way, and the company now has three innovations.
In addition, two listing applications were accepted for Nmpa (Vinach Pearl Fighter, Fluorine Palli Single or Joint Aparoni). Other innovations are progressing in the development of the project.
The company now has 10 clinical projects in progress to iii, 20 clinical projects to ii, and 19 clinical projects to i. Overall, the company's R & D pipelines are rich and the R & D is progressing well, and the future innovative product pipelines are expected to continue to be rich and consolidate their innovation poles.
The S.A.S.I.S.S.C.E.S.A. 2023, 2024q1, shows a steady growth in performance and a steady advance in R & D.
A new round of equity incentives has been launched to highlight development confidence. On August 21, the company issued a public announcement that it would implement a staff-equity plan.
Innovative drug-driven income growth, the internationalization strategy is advancing steadily
(a) A share, in which the directors of the company (excluding independent directors), supervisors and senior managers do not exceed 18 (excluding reserved shares).
Determines the number of stock interests that the holders of each unlocked batch will ultimately unlock. Among these, performance appraisal indicators at the corporate level include revenues from the sale of innovative medicines, the number of new molecular entities that have received approvals, the number of Nda applications that have been declared and accepted for innovation medicines (including new adaptive conditions), based on three.
The achievement of the target is set at 100%, 90%, and 0%. The company issues a new equity incentive scheme, which is expected to create a benefit-sharing mechanism for companies, shareholders, and employees, while mobilizing the motivation and creativity of the workforce to improve staff cohesion and company competitiveness.
The Division ' s current incentive plan is more comprehensive, has longer incentives, has higher conditions for unlocking, demonstrates its confidence in rapid and sustainable development, and locks companies in high-quality talent, further enhances the company ' s ability to become the leader of our innovative pharmaceutical industry, develop a rational and comprehensive design, and sustains the product pipeline.
The Chinese securities medicine team, which covers the entire medical plate, has developed, after many years of sedimentation, a better system of research and analysis, with a wide range of coverage, unique insights, etc., and is not relevant to many households and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.