q2 performance was bright, innovation & strong growth in authorized income reported performance rating mid-2024 Heung Swe medicine (stock code: 600276)
This represents an increase of 33.95 per cent; a net return of 2,063 million yuan, representing an increase of 92.94 per cent in the same year; a strong growth in income from innovative products, driving the overall rapid growth of q2 performance.
Innovative efforts to maintain high levels of R & D investment, with cumulative R & D investment of $3.860 billion in the first half of the year, at a cost of $3.038 billion.
To improve the patient's overall survival period, multi-land inclusive protection has been included in the special medication reimbursement list, and income has been contributed by: sunyivj@chinastock.com.cn, which has been expanded step by step; the Sea Cubepa has a brand position based on "fast ups, safe and efficient" and an advantage for oral delivery.
A number of clinical guidelines have been recommended for increasing product impact and steadily increasing sales earnings; early-listed innovations such as Kari Leather, Puerto and Apadeni have also contributed to an increase in sales in the first half of the year, as new adaptive disorders have been approved and research has accumulated on evidence-based medical evidence from post-market research.
In the first half of the year, i.e., a slight decline in revenues from generic pharmaceutical plates, the ninth national collection, which started in March 2024, involved net revenue from acetic acetic injection of products by $279 million on a year-on-year basis; the internationalization of locally collected products was steadily advanced, with innovation becoming the second engine of performance growth.
Glp-1 Innovative Drugs hrs-7535, hrs 9531, hrs-4729 with autonomous intellectual property rights granted to the United States on a global basis, except for the Greater China Region, for the payment of exclusive rights to develop, produce and commercialize.
Hercules. According to the terms of the agreement, Hercules in the United States would have to pay the company a total of $110 million in initial payments and recent milestones, with clinical development and regulatory milestones cumulatively not exceeding $200 million, sales milestones cumulatively not exceeding $5,725 million, and real annual net sales at a low number of places.
In addition, in the first half of the year, the company received Euro160 million in foreign advance payments, which were recognized as revenue, mainly related to a product of 1 new drug, hrs-1167 (parp suppressants).
And the shr-a1904 (cldn18.2adc) project, which further boosts the growth of business performance indicators and, if this authorized income is excluded, we still predict a double-digit increase in income in the second quarter. Investment proposal: take into account the abundance of corporate R & D pipelines and the larger volume of authorized income to recognize increased performance in contribution
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Sun Yi, Nanjing University Pharmaceutical Engineering/University of New South Wales, Double Master of Business Analysis, 2021, employed in the People’s Securities Institute, 2023, and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute, mainly to provide this report to its clients. Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure quality of service, control investment risk.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.