Half-yearly, in 2024, the Heung Swe Medicines (600276), which increased by 92.94 per cent over the same period, increased the net profit growth ring for the q2 battalion, mainly by recognizing the first payment of Euro160 million from the foreign licence during the reporting period.
21 August 2024. Corporate innovation drug business drives growth in performance. In the first half of 2024, corporate innovation drug business earned a rapid turnover of innovation, the demand for medicines was constantly released, and national policies were in line to support innovation drug development.
The pharmaceutical industry offers new opportunities for high-quality development. Companies insist on endogenous growth, innovative products continue to be marketed, and the trend towards sound growth is positive.
Value, accompanied by an increase in the number of hospital admissions and a rapid increase in income; Adberli singles, although not yet included in the national health-care catalogue, significantly improves the total patient survival period and provides better treatment for Chinese patients; multi-land inclusive social security is included in the special medicine reimbursement catalogue, and income contributions are further expanded
Large; with the advantage of a “fast-strength, safe and efficient” brand positioning and oral delivery, it has been recommended by many clinical guidelines, increasing the impact of its products and steadily increasing its sales revenues. Companies have stepped up their efforts to innovate in research and development.
During the reporting period, the company continued to refine the technological platforms that have established mature chemicals, including polytherium, protac, single/double antibodies, adc drugs, small nucleic acids, nucleics, multi-specific antibodies, dual-resistant adc platforms, and initially completed pdc, aoc, dac, etc.
With the support of new technology platforms and the efforts of research and development teams, companies are increasingly producing innovatively competitive products. During the reporting period, 13 of the company’s autonomous R & D innovators entered the clinical phase.
The types of drugs include small molecularized drugs, antibodies, adc, in the field of treatment of diseases such as tumours, self-protection, respiratory, metabolic, cardiovascular and image, and the company ' s research and development system continues to deepen the field of tumours while expanding the diversification of the pipeline coverage of slow-disease products and actively optimizing existing products.
Qualitative and iterative innovation provides a solid foundation for the sustainable development of the company. The company has become a market leader in the field of anti-cancer, pain-free anesthesia, and other pharmaceutical products in the country, steadily promoting science, technology, innovation, and internationalization strategies.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.