The company published its semi-annual report in 2024, which achieved an increase in operating income of 21.78 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and a positive increase in net profit on a year-on-year basis.
48.67% net profit from non-repatriation increases by 55.58% compared to the previous year, with revenue and profits rising at a sharper rate. Companies move forward with the expansion of R & D pipelines, covering a wide range of commercialization networks, increasing the impact of international markets, building technological platforms, and creating a number of high-speed corporate performances in the first half of 2024, and innovation gains are being realized.
The same increase of 33 per cent, the increase in the accessibility of products such as Rivirum, Dar Silly and Jungle and the increase in the number of admissions accompanied by increases in the number of admissions to the hospital: Adbele vs. the inclusion of MDS in the Special Drug Reimbursement Record and the further expansion of income contributions; and other products such as Haitapopa, Kareli Jolle vs. Cagliani and Apagoni.
Innovation has worked to speed up the transformation of sales and internationalization. The Merck product portfolio that company 2024h1 will receive from Hercules in the United States is expected to produce further performance gains.
Opportunities for collaboration among leading pharmaceutical companies to expand international markets and seek a rapid transformation of research and development outcomes. At the same time, a number of innovative drugs have acquired international clinical trial and fda fast-track qualifications. As of 2024h1, companies have applied for a cumulative total of 2,527 patents for inventions in the global context.
To improve the bio-information platform, innovative products are expected to generate additional performance. The company has established mature chemical, mono/bi-antibodies, adc, micro-nucleic acid, nuclear and multi-specific antibodies platforms, on the basis of which the new molecular model platforms pdc, aoc, dac, and mrna have been initially constructed to effectively expand the product line, with 13 of them already in place.
The major innovators have entered the clinical phase to achieve a diversified layout in the field of neoplasms and chronic diseases. The company's stock has optimized the existing products and promoted their iterative innovation. As of 2024h1, the company's adc platform has successfully developed 12 new and differentiated adc molecules, with three products entering the ii clinical phase, and we expect.
Companies will continue to produce innovatively competitive products, looking at future incremental space. As companies gain revenue from external authorization in the first half of the year, and as products that will be innovatively competitive in the future will be introduced, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Double, 33.8 times, the company's core product continues to be released, the innovation pipeline goes to the key, and we look forward to the company's long-term certification of portfolio investment consultancy business.
Innovative drug research and development do not meet the expected risks, industrial policy volatility risks, and market competition exacerbates risks.