Single-source certificate: August 25th, 2024.
Heung Swe Medicine - contribution to performance growth, rapid release of new drugs, and transformational results Corporate event: Heung Swe Medicine issued a mid-term performance announcement in 2024, and recognition of external authorized income led to a significant improvement in performance during the company's life.
Innovative drug revenues are growing rapidly into a new cycle of innovation-driven growth. The following are some of the key performance points reported by companies:
And 24q2 ring-to-24q1 income has been growing steadily, and while there are still intensive pressures on generic medicines, the innovation-driven effects have been significant. Innovative drug revenues have been growing rapidly and innovation has been rising steadily: 24h1 innovation income of $6,612 million (including taxes) and revenue of $4,962 million over the same period last year, representing a 33% increase.
The company is now on the market for 16 new medicines, of which the availability of products such as Riviroamine, Dar Silly and Jungle has increased significantly, with the increase in the number of hospital admissions and the rapid growth of income; the Adberli single-barrel drug (600276.sh):
Access to the National Health Insurance Directory, but with significant benefits and further increases in income contributions; the increasing brand power of the Sea Quappa, with steady income, a new round of cashing, and a steady increase in internationalization; and earlier innovations such as Kareli Pearls, Puerdeni and Apagoni, which have been approved as new adaptive conditions continue to grow.
Innovative pipelines are progressing and are expected to enter a new cycle of innovation: according to the company’s disclosure of pipeline progress, about 9 new lines are in the Nda phase, and about 19 innovations are in the iii phase, covering tumors, self-immunity, metabolism, big slowness, etc.
In many areas, large varieties such as il17a and jak are expected to be marketed this year. Her 2adc, il17, jak, glp1, \triangleright international clinical trials in which the “double AIDS” combination is used to treat first-line liver cancer at the bla stage.
In part, it has become the second engine of performance growth. 24h1 has recognized Euro160 million in initial payments as revenue, and has entered into overseas cooperation with Hercules of the United States on the glp1 portfolio, with $110 million in initial payments expected to be confirmed in the second half of 2024. Subsequent innovation products are expected to continue to make bd transactions, increase corporate profits, and open up valuation space.
The point of \triangleright is an accurate reflection of my personal opinion about the securities and issuers.