The two-wheel drive of innovation has increased its performance, and the pipeline has continued to grow in abundance on 22 August 2024. The value of the innovation results has been highlighted, and the two-wheel drive performance has increased significantly.
\triangleright semi-annual report, the company achieved business income of 13.601 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 21.78 per cent in the same year; net profit of 3.4332 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 48.67 per cent; net profit of $3.490 billion in the non-return to the mother, an increase in the same year
This represents an increase of 33 per cent over the same period, with Rivirum, Dar Silly and Gangley net access to the after-care system, the continued expansion of the contribution of the Adebéli mono-resistance, and steady growth of the sea traiphopa income; and (2) in receipt of external clearances, the first payment of Euro160 million received from Merckhealthcare was recognized as income, with a significant increase
Corporate performance; (3) imitation of pharmaceutical revenues affected by the collection, which is still a slight decline. \triangleright innovations were approved for listing, including Tygiri's approval for listing, ovarian cancer maintenance on the ovarian line in fluorothalconium Pali
Listed, Schingle net domain binoculars and Rigretine combined; two listing applications were accepted by nmpa, including Vunachi Zulmon for the treatment of strong straight ridges, her 2 negative breast cancer treated by the Apadaloni Union; 10 clinical advances to ii, including cldn18.2adc, trop2adc,
Wang Wieshaw glp-1/gip, insulin/glp-1 etc.; 20 clinical advances to ii including Krasg12d, her3adc, nectin-4adc, oral glp-1, hbvsirna etc.; 19 clinical advances to ii
Phase i, including tslp, oral glp-1/gip, etc.. The company ' s adc platform has 12 new and poorly alienated adc molecules that have been approved for clinical purposes and three products that have entered the iii clinical phase, of which Shr-a1811 have been added to the list of breakthrough treatment varieties by 6 pre-cde, and three adc products have been acquired in the United States.
Quarterly review of 24 years: strengthening early research and technology platform building, fda qualification for fast-tracking. Quality innovation results continued to be approved - 2024/04/18
During the reporting period, the company will have an autonomous knowledge of the glp-1 product.
Global exclusive rights to develop, produce, and commercialize are granted to Hercules in the United States. 3. Henry Medicine (600276.sh) reported a mid-point evaluation in 2023: US$ 200 million, cumulatively up to US$ 200 million for clinical development and regulatory milestones, and cumulatively up to no more than US$ 200 million for sales milestones.
4. Heung Swe (600276.sh) incident review: sales of over $5,725 million in tslp and up to the two-digit ratio of real annual net sales, authorized overseas to focus on the use of innovative drugs and long-term growth-20
As part of the external licensing exchange, the company will gain 19.9% of the American company Hercules. We expect that the initial transaction payment will recognize revenue in the second half of the year, further increasing the company’s performance.
Investment Recommendations: Taking into account the constant recognition of corporate revenue from external authorization, we have increased our 2024 profit projections, \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and are responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.