A steady growth in performance, with a sustained strengthening of the vanguard — three-quarter performance appraisals in 2025: company announcements, $21.63 billion in revenue in the first three quarters of 2025, compared to 6.0 per cent;
The seafood industry (stock code: 603288) has a strong resilience base, a dynamic new business, and a steady growth in revenue. Companies receive 25q3 in revenues +2.5% of the year, maintaining robust growth in an environment of weak end demand and increased market competition.
Liu Xinjiang The raw material dividend and profit management boosts the Māori rate, with a slight increase in the cost of the same investment. 25q3 net return. Short-term performance is expected to increase robustly, with medium- and long-term attention to product upgrading and channel change.
The income end is expected to maintain a steady growth trend, given the continuing effectiveness of change within the company, with an expected increase in the share of traditional and new products, and a steady increase in income. In the long run, the channel end, the company actively optimizes the client structure and drive the system to recover; and the product end, actively explores composite sauce, organic and low salt.
In general, multiple positive factors are expected to contribute to long-term growth.
Business heads are long-term competitive and maintain a “recommended” rating.
“Galactic Foods” is the company's review of the sea weather industry, which is growing faster, and its profitability continues to improve. [Galactic Catering] is the company's review of the sea weather industry, which continues to improve its operations.
I am committed to producing this report with diligence, independence and objectivity, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Liu Guangmi, who joined the Institute of Human Security in 2020, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, covering food and beverages, and was good at digging deep into the value of the industry’s investments through historical retraces as compared to overseas. This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.