On October 28, 2025, the Seafood Industries published a tri-quarter report on 2025. 2025q1-sunss@cfsc.com.cn
zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn
On the other hand, companies have continued to expand their overseas operations, resulting from increased market input in the previous period, with net interest rates increasing by 0.2 to 22.01 per cent, and profit-optimal.
At the end of the product, the 2025q3 soy sauce camp received $3.228 billion (5 per cent more), and the company continued to raise the unit price for customized business expansion and new product penetration; the 2025q3 argon increased by 2 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively, the base category continued to grow steadily, and the herbs increased at a rate of speed.
A total of 6726, representing a net increase of 19 from the beginning of the year, the company optimized its distribution team 1. Sea weather industry (603288): performance resilience, increased monomer volume, followed by a plan to target bc over community life
2. Seafood Industries (603288): Performance: Increased investment of resources in fresh shops and increased support from food dealers; 2025q3 Resilient and ongoing release of profitability
The company's strategy to optimize the channels has steadily improved its performance at a high base.
The company adapts further, optimizes the allocation of resources, and while the main product continues to grow steadily, the small group is fast-disbursing and has a strong lead. According to the 2025 macroeconomic downside risk, the consumption recovery is less than expected, industry competition is increasing, and output is increasing.
Sun Shan Mountain: Master of Economics, eight years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the beverage plate, study in depth the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, stock fundamentals, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, mastering short- and medium-term potential shares, and working hard to think about the white wine plate, with deep market thinking and insight into the Sou wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.