Utility shares (000938.sz) Computers + General Computer Equipment iii Market performance was smooth and international operations +ai became a new growth point
In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved a business income of $17.06 billion, a steady increase in revenue and a steady increase in research and development. As a leader in the construction of a global new generation of cloud computing infrastructure and industrial intelligence applications, the company provides intelligent networks, computing, storage, cloud computing, security and intelligence.
Purple shares grew by 439%, of which ict infrastructure and services generated revenues of 51.506 billion yuan, an increase of 427% in the same year, and net profits of 3.411 billion yuan. Companies continued to increase their efforts to develop products and solutions.
In 2023, the company launched the Aigc Open Strategy.
Li Hongtao, in the area of aigc, has published a wide-ranging model of the private domain of the Encyclopedia Linseer, a large model of the Encyclopedia Rhinoceros, and other products such as the Energy Platform, and the Encyclopedia Rhinoceros' assistant. The company has launched the global first single chip, 51.2t800g.
cpo silicon data centre switches, 800g standard switch, new generation smart ai core switch, etc., have multiple purple light shares: short-term performance pressure, "al+" open money exchange products, full realization of the three main demands for brain computing networks, low-time delay, and green energy efficiency.
The network 3.0 solution allows users to use a set of structures to address multiple needs. The company has rolled out cr 16005e-f purple shares: a matrix of arithmetic products, waiting for equity receipts and routers such as cr 16010e-f, which continue to break through the operator field, in China Telecom, China Mobile, China.
A wide range of important projects have been identified and pushed to the ground. Multiple gpu servers and corresponding liquid coolers, purple shares: a one-stop development platform for Xinhua three shares of h3uniserverrg6, a one-stop development platform for aigc scenes, a support company
Quest, Values for Enhanced Performance - Purple Shares Quick Report on Aigc Applications Landing. Launching a new generation of Oasis platform 3.0, forming product plus programme plus service integration capabilities, enabling continuous innovation in client operations. Launching a cloud-based full-chain observation platform to build the advantages of cloud-based applications
Capability. Security solutions such as a new generation of m9000-x flagship firewalls, the application of deliverable security gateway products, aigc large-model security solutions, data security solutions, car network security solutions, etc. are rolled out to provide a comprehensive range of security applications.
In 2023, in China, companies exchanged Ethernet, enterprise network, data centre, garden exchange, enterprise network router markets, X86 service providers, gpu servers, super-integrated markets in 32.9 per cent, 34.2 per cent, 28.4 per cent, 36.8 per cent, respectively.
30.9%, 15.8%, 19.7%, and 18.8% of the market share are the second highest; China ' s firm-level wlan market and blade server market are ranked first in 27.4% and 51.7% of the market share, respectively. Companies serve more than 10,000 businesses in digital transformation, including more than 300 of the world ' s top 500 enterprises and more than 400 of China ' s top 500 firms.
In 2023, Xinhua III continued to become a global player, accelerating the expansion of overseas markets, and launching a new overseas strategy. Cooperation with local governments, education, health, operators, businesses, etc. in the field of digital transformation was much broader and deeper.
To provide high-performance products and solutions for local operators in Thailand and Kazakhstan. Xinhua International has continued to grow in scale, generating business income of 2,202 million yuan, an increase of 19.70 per cent over the same period.
Keeping up high growth, but subject to external environmental impacts, we adjust corporate profitability, predicting corporate performance, and we believe that the company is in a state of underestimation, maintaining a “buy-b” rating.