Xinhua shares (000938.sz)
Ma Chenglong, Xinhua's 30% share transfer date is expected to be no later than 31 August 2024, with a grace period up to 21 October 2024, with a net return profit of $2,103 million and a net profit of Xinhua's subsidiary Xinhua 3,2023 at $3.411 billion. This acquisition of Xinhua's share is complete.
As a result, the share of the company in Xinhua San has increased from 51% to 81%. The net profit of the parent company's purple share is expected to increase significantly. 2) The firm's core competitiveness is expected to improve further, benefiting global development. Xinhua is a leader in the domestic ict field, providing technology-led networks, computing, storage, cloud computing, security, and smart terminals.
This year, the operators deployed more arithmetic servers, and the Internet vendor's capital expenditure increased over the same year and focused on the development of the ai, which, upon completion of the acquisitions, helped the parent company's purple-light shares to further strengthen the digital economy and the ii-based economy, creating synergies and enhancing core competitiveness. 3) The company's earnings per share will be further enhanced and shareholders' interests safeguarded. This acquisition will be paid in cash, and the pre-encumbrance increase programme will be terminated.
The number of shareholders in a company remains constant, and each share is expected to increase further when the company’s profits are expected to increase. Meanwhile, the company publishes its Shareholder Return Plan for the next three years (2024-2026), which plans to distribute profits in cash at no less than that year, keeping a “buy-in” rating of the company’s beneficiary-ai industry.
Xinhua’s 30% share acquisition (after adjustment) program is expected to result in a significant increase in the net profit from the return of the purple share to the mother.
In May 2015, the Uttar Pradesh subsidiary acquired 51% of the Sino-Chinese shares in the Uttar Pradesh Triad, and the Uttar Pradesh shares formally entered the basic equipment market. Xinhua grew robustly, receiving $368/443/49.8 billion in 2020-2022, compared to the January 5th, 2023 company announcement, where the Hpe entity sold 39% of the Senghua shares held by the Uttar Pradesh International.
The price of each share sale will be determined in cash by dividing Xinhua 3 100 per cent of Xinhua shares by the total number of Xinhua 3 shares on the date of the notice of entitlement by 15 times the Xinhua 3 tax profit after deduction of non-recurring gains and losses for the 12 months prior to 30 April 2022, as agreed in the Shareholder Agreement.
On 27 May 2023, the company announced that it was proposed to purchase from Hpe Cayman a three-eighth percent share in cash, and from izarholdingco a thirty-one percent share in cash, and to buy the sum of the Xinhua three yuan; at the same time, the company was planning to raise no more than RMB 12 billion from specific targets for the acquisition of Xinhua's thirty-nine percent share in cash.
On September 25, 2023, the company announced that, taking into account the fact that the transaction will be carried out after the issuance of shares to a particular target, taking into account the company ' s own capital situation and financing arrangements, in order to facilitate the implementation of the transaction and the issuance of shares to a particular target, the company decided to complete the issuance of shares to a particular target before proceeding with matters related to major asset restructuring.
The company announced on 24 May 2024 that it had adjusted the pre-acquisition of 49% of Xinhua Three Group Limited’s minority shareholders. (1) After the company’s current acquisition of Xinhua San, it is expected that the net return of the purple share to the mother will increase significantly.
According to the company finance report, in 2023 the company achieved a revenue of 77.31 billion yuan, representing an increase of 4.4 per cent in the same year and a net profit for mothers of 2.10 billion yuan, a decrease of 2.54 per cent in the same year;
Figure 2: Xinhua III net profit and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: UV share operating income and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: UV share net profit and increase (in billions, per cent)
Xinhua’s core competitiveness is expected to increase further, benefiting global development, with the acquisition of Xinhua’s 30% share. Xinhua’s share of domestic ict equipment was 32.9% in 2023, with China maintaining market share second; China’s share of network routers was 30.9% in 2023; China’s share of market share was sustained second; and China’s share of firm level wlan was 27.4% in 2023.
The market share was the first in 15 consecutive years; the market share in China was the second in 15.8 per cent for x86 servers; the market share in China was the second in 19.7 per cent for gpu servers; the market share in China was the second in 10.0 per cent for security hardware; the market share was the second in China; the market share in China ' s super-integration market was the second in 18.8 per cent; and the market share in China ' s integrated delivery software was the second in 11.8 per cent in the first half of 2023.
On February 19, 2024, the State Finance Committee of the State Council convened a conference on the theme of "ai-empowerment industries rejuvenation" to promote the development of artificial intelligence. The meeting concluded that the promotion of artificial intelligence should be accelerated.
At the end of January, the Secretary-General of the Council of State, the Press Secretary, indicated that the National Finance Committee would plan a number of major projects for the selection of “100 workers” in strategic and emerging industries.
In the last two years, the company, represented by its operator, has continuously increased its capacity to invest and deploy. Three major operators’ capital expenditures have shifted in favour of their capacity: China’s mobile company completed investment of $18.3 billion in 2023 (slightly below the previous guideline of $183.2 billion) and planned investment of $173 billion in 2024.
\triangleright. Of this amount, the 5g network investment plan is 69 billion yuan (21.6% compared to 21.6%) and the arithmetic plan is invested 47.5 billion yuan (21.5% compared to 21.5%). \triangleright
At the current turning point, the focus of investment has shifted from a well-established networked communications operation to a high-growth computing intelligence operation. In the first quarter of 2024, the capital expenditure of domestic cloud producers rose on a par with that of domestic cloud producers. On the basis of data from the three major cloud producers in Bat, total capital expenditure for 24q1bat amounted to 27,550 million yuan (year-on-year-year-over-235 per cent, ring-up-over-38 per cent).
24q1 billion yuan (+226%) of capital expenditure is 2.04 billion yuan (+57%) per cent of capital expenditure. Figure 5: Three major domestic cloud producers ' capital expenditure (millions) is expected to further improve their core competitiveness and benefit from global ai development. Xinhua is a leader in the country ' s ict field and provides a technical leader.
The government supports the development of arithmetic policies, increased deployment of arithmetic servers this year, increased capital spending by Internet manufacturers compared to the ring, and focused on the development of the ai, which, upon completion of the acquisitions, would further enhance the digital economy’s industrial layout and create synergies and enhance core competitiveness.
Each share of the company's earnings will be further increased, shareholders' interests safeguarded The acquisition will be paid in cash, the prior-period targeted increase programme will be terminated, the number of shareholders in the company will remain unchanged. At the same time, the company will publish the Shareholder Return Plan for the next three years (2024-2026), which will plan the annual distribution of profits in cash at no less than the same year of consolidation.
The Division has benefited from the development of the one-stop shop, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Transactions cannot be successfully completed, transactions are completed late, upstream clients invest less than expected, chips supply is limited, networks and integrated solutions are available Author ensures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and by reasoning judgment and drawing conclusions,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author