We're going to take advantage of the wind of wealth management, and we're going to get back on our feet.
▪ Marketized mechanisms + local resources, operational efficiency increases and operating efficiency: 1) Flexible mechanisms determined by the private context: Widely distributed stockless shareholders (16.43 per cent, 16.40 per cent, 9.01 per cent, and largely unchanged since 2012) (Gongdong, Liaoning, Hong Kong, Hong Kong and China, respectively) helped maintain marketized operating mechanisms and flexible operating models. 2) Guangdong ' s economic advantages enabled the wealth of the host population; the high level of wealth among the inhabitants of Guangdong province provided the basis for the development of company operations, the development policy of Hong Kong and Australasia, and the development of the modern financial services system in Guangzhou, which we anticipate.
The company's future business development will benefit fully from economic growth in the region. 3) Corporate performance was stable: in 2018-2021, net profits increased from $4.3 billion to $10.9 billion, with 36 per cent in cagr;
Considers that there is still a wide scope for the transfer of the assets of our residents to the equity market. 2) Corporate level: one-size-fits-all head fund-raising, fully benefiting from the great development of wealth management. Wide equity holders amount to 22,655,545.3% of the Open Development Fund. The dominance of head fund products has led to steady growth in aum, increased net profits on large securities, and 2022h1 combined contributed 937 million yuan in net profits to the spread of securities, with a combined profit contribution of 20.14%, and two head fund-raising will fully benefit from wealth in the future.
Major developments in the management sector, coupled with a greater competitive advantage of the leading companies, are expected to increase the market share and retention levels of the two companies. The long-term trend of capital entry and pattern optimization of head office raising has contributed to the volatility of stock ironing performance across the board.
▪ Full and thin business layout: 1) Investing in a business as a whole: after a positive change of history, the company has entered into a cold winter or is about to end (2022h1 wide distribution of securities bank business procedures with the same net income as +5.30 per cent). 2) There are significant advantages in investment capacity: the company has devoted itself to research and construction, and the research team has received several prizes over the years to actively invest in a wide range of securities.
(c) The scale of the credit business is stable: the firm ' s capital intermediation business has been steadily developing, with the year 2017 performance appraisals - investment performance as at 2022h1, with a financing voucher market of 5.2%.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the broad distribution of securities as the leader of the securities industry, and the outstanding wealth management business.
There are significant advantages in managing the business, and the company’s main business is growing robustly and will grow more in the future. According to the p/aum valuation, we believe that the Fédération, the Open Development Fund is helping to raise the company’s value.
“buy-in” rating. Market-based mechanisms + local resources, stable efficiency gains 1.1. Flexible mechanisms are determined by the private context
In December 1990, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange were established as the starting point for capital market development in China; in April 1991, the Department of Securities Operations of the Guangdong Development Bank (the predecessor of the Open Securities Bank, now known as the Open Bank Limited) was established; and in August 1999, the company was established by the Ministry of Securities.
In February 2010, the company was listed at the bottom of the border; in April 2015, the company was listed at the Hong Kong border, becoming the third local company in the interior, the a+h share. The company grew steadily and its capital capacity grew to a total equity of $7,621 million.
The company has a stable shareholder structure and a flexible business model. The company has no controlling shareholders and the actual controllers, Gilling, Liao Ning Dae and Nakayama are among the top three shareholders of the company since they were listed: Gilling Odong, Liao Ning Cheng, who is dominated by the pharmaceutical industry, while Nakayama uses environmental water as its core. As of September 2022, the three major shareholders had a share in the stock.
Not 16.43 per cent, 16.40 per cent, 9.01 per cent, and there has been little change since 2012 (a sharp reduction of more than 2 per cent in 2018 only). We believe that unmanageable and relatively fragmented equity institutions are conducive to long-term market-based mechanisms for companies, more flexible business models and solid governance structures.
In July 2021, the former Director-General of the Department, Sun Jin Ming, resigned as Chairman, Executive Director, and so forth for age reasons, and is now 57-year-old General Manager Lin.
He was elected as the new chairman of the board of directors. By combing the company’s core staff history, we found that the company’s board of directors and executives were mainly drawn from within, the management of the Open-Distribution Fund.
In November, five of the company’s eight executives were 70 years later, and management was 60, 70, 80 years old. We believe that the company’s management is now old and old, and that it is useful to build the company’s talent ladder and that most executives are promoted from within (only three non-executive directors are nominated by Liao Ningngng, Gilling Odong and Nakayama, respectively, by three shareholders) for the company and the long-term strategy.
In the capital of Guangdong Province, there is a strong regional advantage. The HDSU is located in Guangzhou, with its operational radioactivity in Guangdong, and in the country as a whole.
By 2020, the five eastern coastal cities of Guangdong, Shanghai, Beijing, Jiangsu, Zhejiang accounted for 44% of the country’s total net worth, and the number of investment assets greater than 10 million exceeded 100,000, with Guangdong Province being the largest. The high level of wealth among the inhabitants of Guangdong Province provided an important basis for the rapid development of the company’s operations.
As of 2022h1, the company’s Guangdong Regional Department of Operations stood at 128 (including Shenzhen), far higher than the rest of the region. The Guangdong Division’s operating income was 1,471 million yuan (11.58 per cent), with 47,66 per cent of its headquarters, 42,89 per cent of its domestic affiliates, respectively; the company’s headquarters and its domestic subsidiaries were located in Guangdong, but their operations were radioactive throughout the country, the Guangdong District.
Guangzhou is one of the four major cities to set up the Bay of Australasia in Hong Kong, where it will be able to take full advantage of the central city and the integrated portal city leadership role in the future.
International Centre for Business and Trade functions. According to the Development Plan for the Australasia Bay Region of Hong Kong, published in 2019, Guangzhou is continuously improving its modern financial services system, including the development of regional private equity markets, property rights, regional clearing houses for bulk commodities, and innovative futures exchanges. We believe that further growth in company operations will benefit fully from the future.
Since 2019, the net profits of companies have increased steadily, the poles have risen, the centre of the Roe have risen, and the corporate capital has been more efficient and stable.
Between 2018 and 2021, the centre of widely distributed securities continued to rise, with 2022q3 falling mainly as a result of large market fluctuations, affecting corporate investment returns and changes in fair value. We believe that the advantage of widely distributed securities in light assets will be deepened, and companies’ profitability is expected to continue to outperform higher-value-resort bond dealers.
Figure 6: Net profit and increase in the return of widely distributed securities to their mothers in 2012 - 2022q3
The management of wealth is growing rapidly and the ability to make a profit continues to be a leader in the management of wealth.
As of 2020, nearly 40 per cent of investors had financial assets of more than half a million and over 50 per cent of investors had invested in more than their annual household income. For the first time, residents ' assets were cut off and their financial assets increased.
Traditionally, the assets of our residents were relatively high in the real estate market and in bank management, but the financial assets became more attractive under the new regulations on housing and capital management. 1) The high growth in housing prices was discontinued after the proposal of the 2016 regulations on housing and housing management.
Inherent patterns in the industry, bank finances that had attracted a large number of investors with “interest preservation, “low threshold”, the share of financial assets rose from 45 per cent to 57 per cent. (2) In the second half of 2021, a number of real estate businesses were hit by thunder, and the State's policy of keeping houses intact, and the real estate market was closed.
In addition, new regulations have been put in place to ensure that bank property is not safeguarded, paid in hard currency, managed in net value, and that investors are self-inflicted, with higher volatility in their products.
1) The equity market is an important way for our residents to transfer their asset allocation. On the one hand, our capital markets have been developing at an overall late pace compared to developed countries such as the United Kingdom, the United States, Japan, etc., and the share of urban residents in financial assets has been consistently low. As of 2019, stocks, funds and other financial assets were less than 10% of the assets of our urban residents.
On the other hand, benefiting from the depth of our capital-market reforms, the capital markets themselves have been perfected and equity markets have grown, with the establishment of the North Passage and the rise in our direct financing ratio, which will further increase their attractiveness to the allocation of residential assets.
2) Non-monetary investors have increased significantly and equity assets have increased. In 12019, non-monetary public funds, bank accounts, fair accounting schemes and equity were the main investment products of our investors, with 23.5 per cent, 22.9 per cent, 16.5 per cent, and 14.8 per cent, respectively; the number of investors investing in non-monetary public funds has risen significantly compared to 2018.
The ratio rose by 11.5 per cent, and the number of investors who chose bank deposits and monetary funds as the main mode of investment decreased significantly, with significant changes. In the context of housing price adjustments and the fall in interest rates on bank deposits, the share of equity assets increased for residents to raise overall returns.
3) With regard to the U.S. Japanese and Japanese, we believe that the scope for moving the assets of our residents to the equity market is still wide. In 2019, our urban and urban residents made up 59 per cent of their assets and 24 per cent of their financial assets, compared to 70 per cent, 62 per cent and 54 per cent, respectively, of their financial assets for the same period.
At the corporate level: One-size-fits-all head, fully benefiting from the great development of wealth management. The two major public fund-raising leaders in the wide distribution of equity holdings - the Fédération and the Fédération des Monétaires - account for 22.65 per cent and 54.53 per cent of the shares, respectively. The Fédération and the Fédération are among the investment managers of the National Social Security Fund, the Basic Old-Age Insurance Fund, and also insurance companies, financial companies, and others.
His institutional investors and high net-value groups provide asset management services, and such clients will inject large and stable amounts of money into the company. We believe that the future of the two top-level public fund-raising will benefit fully from the significant development of the wealth management industry, while the competitive advantage of the top-level companies is much greater, and we expect that the market share and retention levels of the two companies will increase further.
The dominance of head fund products has contributed to aum’s steady growth and increased net profits on securities. “Admination fees” are a core component of public fund revenue, aum is an important factor affecting corporate income, and aum’s robust growth is due to its better performance.
Prominent Fund products have advantages: Alfonda, the Open Fund products have performed well, ranking in return for the last three years 138/152 of the top 50 per cent, with a return of up to 41 per cent/45 per cent and a product type 2. Fund size remains high on the market as of the third quarter of 2022.
The size is ranked first/third in the market, with an increase of 1/7 by the end of 2018. 1 Wide Fund Alfonda Fund size (millions of dollars) — same-time acceleration (right axis) 3) Net unit value of the Fund is robust: 2016-2022h1, Net unit value of the Efford Fund and the Open Development Fund is generally stable
From 2019 to 2020, 35 active equity funds managed by the Open Development Fund doubled their net value and the net value of three funds grew by more than 200 per cent, so that the net value of the Open Development Fund was stable and above the industry average; and the Alfonda Fund, due to the silence of the consumer sector, had a net value from 2021.
At the end of June 2022, the net product unit value of the Ifatar/ODF was $1.29/1.33 (the average industry value was $1.32 for the same period), the commission rate was higher than the industry and the fee income increased steadily.
As a result of the Golden War, the overall commission rate in the industry has been declining; the wide distribution of securities has been higher than the industry average due to the high number of under-line outlets (the regional advantage of Guangdong Province), with the commission rate consistently higher than the industry average: 0.0325 per cent for company commissions in 2022h1, higher than the industry commission rate of 0.0234 per cent.
On the one hand, the widely issued securities belong to the head of the old stockholders, who have accumulated customers over the years, who are relatively insensitive to commission rates and more sticky. On the other hand, the company’s early wealth management business has been in the forefront, with its investments in the first and most experienced business.
A team of investment advisers, with an average of more than eight years of experience in the financial services industry, is willing to accept differentiated services and pay higher commissions due to higher company costs. Financial product substitution has shown good performance. By the end of 2021, companies had earned $1,095 million in financial product sales.
Third in the securities department (767.97 billion yuan, or 1.34 per cent/1.17 per cent of cr.100, as of 2022q3 respectively).
Long; in trust, for example, 2022h1 achieved a replacement income of $18 million, or +39.29 per cent.3.1 The historical problems of the investment bank's business “Down to the Sun” have been actively modified and its operations may end in a cold winter.
To further strengthen the internal control mechanisms for corporate investment banking, to improve internal control mechanisms for a rational division of labour, clear lines of authority and accountability, checks and balances, effective oversight, to strengthen overall compliance management and overall risk management for investment banking operations, and to ensure that the regional advantages of the Guangdong region are consolidated, we believe that corporate investment operations will be “on-the-clock” and robustly developed.
Auto-research and develop the gfqg Quantified Strategy Platform for multi-scale self-employment. The gfqg is a platform for ultra-acute Quantities developed by the first voucher dealer using the newest version of the ami. In performance, the ami can slow down the point-to-point message to a single-digit microsecond, and gfqg designed and achieved a new interface to imitate futures counter ctp, easy to learn, and efficient.
High, and can cover industry-wide quantification platforms for deep exchanges, financial futures, commodity futures, inter-bank markets, and foreign derivatives investment. A comprehensive remodelling of the ami has made gfqg a new generation of “high performance, high capacity, high availability, and comprehensive business.”
As of 2022h1, the company ' s own investment income was $650 million, a decline of 86.90 per cent over the same period, owing to the low market volatility.c Items; companies are continuing to promote the internationalization of corporate research brands; based on the company ' s better ability to invest, companies are actively engaged in investment operations.a As of 2022h1, companies were investing.
Derivative-type investments are better able to capture the trading opportunities offered by market fluctuations, with better returns. Companies are active in alternative investment through fully-owned subsidiaries, with their own capital, and are now dominated by equity investments. 2022h1, wide drying and focus on advanced manufacturing, semiconductors, medical health, etc.
In some areas, such as new consumption, tmt, 18 new investment projects amounting to $960 million. Undesiredly, the company has been based on its business base, maintaining a “customer center-oriented” approach, a steady increase in the size of the finance voucher business and a stable market share. As of 2022h1, the balance of the company’s finance voucher business ended at $83.3 billion.
In February 2019, companies issued performance announcements, and in 2018, a thunderstorm affected the decline in stock prices. Between 2018 and 2019, the congenial medicine industry, which was closely linked to the spread of securities, was exposed to huge financial counterfeiting, with significant adverse effects on the spread of securities. In October 2018, it was exposed for the first time.
In 2022, the country experienced a multi-point outbreak, with a decline in market confidence, a sharp drop in stock lines, and an impact on stock prices, with a cumulative decline of 12.62% in April. Consider the benchmark level of average daily equity transactions in both markets and the volatility and uncertainty of short- and medium-term securities markets.
In this context, we expect a steady scale of equity and bond underwriting in 2022, with companies active in equity investment through corporate affiliates, focusing on advanced manufacturing, semiconductors, and health care.
The growth of investment returns is sustained in a number of major areas, such as Hong Kong, new consumption, and tmt. The capital market was optimized in 2021-2023, the balance was or will continue to be high, the company’s market share was stable, the size of corporate management was expected to grow rapidly since the new regulations were introduced, and we expect the asset management industry of 2022-2024.
The ratio of revenue to management continues to rise, resulting in significant improvements in corporate profitability. The domestic equity market has grown steadily, with wide distribution, and the share of securities in management continues to rise. Fund companies based on the size of asset management (aum), and the business model for charging management fees has significantly reduced uncertainty in the performance of bond dealers and, to some extent, improved their reliance on the market for their performance.
P/aum is a better measure of the value of the fund company. To benefit from the dividends of capital asset allocation to equity assets, reference is made to its p/aum valuations for equity head funders. As of 2022h1, broad-licensed voucher management revenue of $4.407 billion (34.69% of revenue), aum increases are determined by the Fund’s corporate income and profits.
The real drivers of the acceleration, p/aum, are more likely to measure the growth of corporate capital management operations. Effort, the Open Fund, helps raise the value of the company.
However, due to the lack of data on the early aum in the United States industry and financial management companies, we have selected the smaller values of the six major United States financial management companies 2007-2022q3aum to be analysed and given a more reasonable p/aum valuation: we anticipate that two fund companies will be given a p/aum valuation of 2023e-2025e0.043/0.044/0.045, corresponding to afonda/
Taking advantage of wealth management in East China, we believe that the vanguard status of Ifonda and IHF can further enhance the market value of the widely issued vouchers. We expect that in 2023-2025, Ifonda and IDF together can contribute to the market value of the wider securities, excluding the portion of the Fund ' s subsidiary contribution, and market value 1 being the total market value of the wider securities.
4.3.2. Valuation methodology II Wide distribution of securities as headbills, prominent wealth management operations, and significant capital management advantages, and we select four headbills of similar type, development advantage or market value as comparable companies, using comparable companies
The valuation method. The top-seller selected, with an average pb of 2023e, is 1.51 times the average, and the value of the wide distribution securities is lower than the value of the portfolio and will grow in the future. Therefore, we give the company a 1.51 times pb valuation in 2023, corresponding to the market value 2) regulation is increasingly constraining industrial innovation: the regulatory sector is actively developing and completing reforms in our capital markets.
Good industry regulation policies, and further tightening of future regulatory policies, may discourage companies from engaging in innovative business. 3) Competition risks for foreign financial institutions: The CSRC ' s lifting of the foreign equity restrictions on securities companies on 1 April 2020 will attract more offshore financial institutions that are interested in domestic capital market developments into domestic securities markets.
Institutions have a strong competitive advantage in terms of international networks, capital strength, etc., and are expected to enter the Chinese market primarily in high-end business areas such as cross-border operations, institutional transactions and derivatives, wealth management and investment management, and in-house securities companies 4) to manage risk: risk management and internal control risks, compliance risks, controlling subsidiaries and participating companies
Risk management, changes in corporate executives, etc. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee