Further acquisition of 26.34 per cent of Tianpu's shares, strengthening of industrial plates, Jodji, research assistant Xu Wangyang.
The share of the company will increase by 40.80% when the deal is completed.
The two core products are TianPloan and Kelekang, respectively. Tianp is also a field of intensive in vitro diagnostics in medical equipment innovation. Tianp's 100% equity price
With a value of $545 million (equivalent to 18.6 x), the drug will control the shareholding of Tianp 67.14 per cent, achieve control, deepen the product structure, improve the core competitiveness of the industry, and develop in conjunction with the company's industrial plate.
Protein drugs and severe stress treatments have expanded, product lines have been enriched, and TianPloan and Kelekon will enrich the company’s core competitiveness by selling billions of product lines. Companies will continue to enrich Tienp’s product lines by, for example, increasing R & D inputs, License-in.
Marketing and distribution channels work in tandem with each other, with a strong capacity to cope with price reductions and double-counting, while increasing the number of openings in targeted hospitals and increasing market penetration and share.
2.01 We believe that the company ' s pharmaceutical industry has maintained its rapid growth and sustained investment in research and development, which is reported in the first quarter of the year: the pharmaceutical industry is rapidly growing, the variety of research is expected to be thick and thin; the pharmaceutical industry is benefiting from an increased concentration of two votes and a sustained increase in profitability.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies.
After this transaction is completed, the share of the company will be increased from 40.80% to approximately 67.14%, achieving absolute control.
Core view: Strengthen the industrial plate layout, enrich product lines, strengthen the marketing network 2.1. SkyPharma - a global bioprotein-pharmaceutical pole, with a special focus on the field of critical and serious drugs, Tianpu was established in March 1993 in the High Tang Technology Park in Tianhai, Guangzhou City.
In the field of acute drugs, biopharmaceutical development, production, marketing of a global leader in the field of urinary protein biochemistry, with internationally advanced raw materials and product lines such as frozen dry powder needles, water needles, prefilled needles, all of which are constructed in accordance with European ema or United States fda standards, for the first Guangzhou family through a new version of gmp
The two main core products of the certified drug companies are the national type II new drug Tin Proan (Ustain injection: exclusive domestic varieties) and the global first drug, the new drug Kelekon (Yuriklin injection), which is mainly applied to acute chronic pancreas inflammation and acute circulatory failure (sickness) and is being strengthened with intensive care.
Houses (icu) are widely used. They cover 60% of the city ' s level-III and level-II hospitals, with a combined coverage of about billion yuan and 812 million yuan. The market share now stands at 14%, and clinical needs in hospitals will remain about 10% complex over the next five years.
In 2015, 2016, 2017, the product was sold in the amount of RMB 310 million, RMB 340 million and RMB 276 million.
Figure 3: Sales at Kelekon Sample Hospital, and Tianpu is also a field of intensive in vitro diagnosis in the field of medical equipment innovation. In 2016, Tianpu established a strategic partnership with Ben Fush and the PhotoPC, which introduced a fraction of the country ' s first tranche using micro-flow control techniques.
In May 2017, 28 specialists in the field of testing and 6 national experts in the clinical field, in cooperation with eight hospitals and the Shanghai Pre-Censorship Centre, were co-sponsored and supplemented by a national examination journal, The Forensic Medicine.
Afp-l3 China's Expert Consensus on Clinical Applications. 2.2. Further acquisition of Tian-Pu equity to deepen the industrial layout.
26.34 per cent of TPP shares, corresponding to an equity value of $144 million, equivalent to about 915 million yuan. This transaction corresponds to a p/e multiplier of the average net profit for the last three years (by dividing it by an average net profit for the last three years) of $1 million (equivalent to about 866 million yuan).
As a result of this acquisition, the drug will control 67.14 per cent of the shareholding in Tinp, achieve control and deepen the layout of the treatment of natural urinary proteins and the breakdown of critical conditions.
2.3. Optimizing the product structure and upgrading the core competitiveness of the industry, in collaboration with the industrial sector of the company; Expansion of the natural urinary protein drugs and the breakdown of critical conditions, and further enrichment of the product line.
Tian Ploan, Kelekon’s participation will fill the gap in Shanghai medicine’s products in the field of natural urinary protein drugs and the treatment of severe risk disorders, which currently earns more than 28 million products, and Tian Ploan and Kelekon will enrich the company’s marketing of hundreds of millions of lines of product to enhance the core competitiveness of the industry.
Future resource synergies are expected to contribute to sustainable development. Future companies will help them achieve long-term, organic, and sustainable growth through increased R & D inputs, and the continuous enrichment of Skyp’s product lines, such as through the introduction of products.
It has a vertically intensive national marketing network, an internationalized management team, and an industry-wide average. It helps to strengthen the professional marketing of medicine in Shanghai and to build a country’s first-class marketing system. The medicine itself has more than 8,000 people in the marketing team to do a “one-size-fits-all” job.
The strategy, with 60 priority varieties growing by 14.42 per cent in 2017 and a Māori rate of 71.28 per cent, has been developed in collaboration with the two partners and has resulted in a strong capacity to respond to health insurance rates and double-counting, while at the same time increasing the number of openings of targeted hospitals and increasing market penetration and share.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Inputs, promising large volumes of different varieties under study; increased concentration of two votes for the pharmaceutical industry, and growing profitability. We maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies.
Research, development and marketing of new items are lower than expected; prices for the sale and tender of medicines are lower than expected; and acquisitions are less consolidated.