Shanghai Medicines (601607.sh) The two-vote system accelerates the impact on business income and the industrial improvement trend continues Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
In the first quarter of 2018, the company achieved revenues of $36.386 billion, representing an increase of 9.83 per cent, of which commercial revenues of $31.423 billion, or 7.12 per cent, were increased by 7.12 per cent; industrial revenues of $4.963 billion, or 30.82 per cent, were increased by 30.82 per cent; and commercial plates, with net sales at the end of the income, increased by about 10 per cent, and Condélé, with a figure of about $3 billion, were allocated to a double vote.
The impact of the marketing reforms is beginning to be reflected in the industrial sector, where income growth has accelerated seasonally, cutting off the high-speed growth factor.
1. The Annual Report Review, where the growth rate of life in the main industry was in line with expectations, recorded a fall in profits from the combined, joint and associated enterprises during the same period last year, but amounted to 220 million of 1q18, compared to 2.
Four hundred and forty-six million dollars in 4q17, with a marked improvement in the ring ratio. Short-term operating capital pressure on the company is high. Financial costs are 3. Third Quarterly Review - Major Business meets expectations. Federation, Joint Venture 4. Shanghai Medicine - Central Review - Business is largely pre-arranged.
Based on the positive distribution profile of the drug in the distribution business and the trend in the two-vote industry, as well as the convergence of the cardinal domestic business, we believe that the distribution business is expected to grow at a combined rate of more than 15 per cent over the next three years: industry, by means of vitaco (short-term), marketing of core varieties (medium-term), universal drug benefits.
The distribution business was poorly expanded, the two-vote system advanced below expectations, improved marketing of core varieties was less predictable, financial costs were higher and non-recurrent gains were more volatile.
In the first quarter of 2018, the company achieved an income of 36,386 million, an increase of 9.83 per cent over the same period, of which 31,423 million were in business, an increase of 7.12 per cent over the same period; 4,963 million were in industry, an increase of 30.82 per cent over the same period; 422 million were in the pharmaceutical industry, an increase of 21.02 per cent over the same period; and the pharmaceutical business contributed a net profit.
456 million, an increase of 10.61 per cent over the same period; net profits contributed by participating enterprises of 220 million, a decrease in the same year; Business plates, net sales at the end of the income line increased by about 10 per cent; Condélé, on the other hand, showed about 3 billion; transfers, on the other hand, affected by the double vote system; rapid decline: profit ends, transfers have less impact on profits, and Condélé imports have begun to complete its operations.
Total, in addition to the Māori import rate, which is expected to contribute in the future to the net sale of Māori, commercial sales are currently slightly over 60 per cent, with a larger share of the total national distribution of imported drugs, with a net transfer of about 20 per cent.
Billion. The company consolidated Condélé, perfected its national network, acquired compost, Sichuan Kagi, Huezhou and Tai during the reporting period. After buying Condélé, the company became the largest pharmaceutical agent and distributor of imports in the country.
There are 223 regulations for imported medicines, which are expected to be more than 30 billion. Candler imported medicines, which were all transferred, with only Māori import rates, which is expected to increase in retail sections and decline, mainly because of the low Māori rate of dtp operations.
With the merger of Candler, dtp earned about a third of retail sales, and the ebitmargin fell 0.4% over the same period last year, a slight loss. The industrial plate, the success of marketing reforms, began to show that income growth accelerated seasonally, eliminating the high start-up factor.
Significant increases in both sales costs, elimination of high-level factors, 16 per cent revenue growth, ebit growth rate, 174 million R & D per quarter, 9.95 per cent increase over the same period, and progress made in the consistency evaluation phase of 97 batches, with 3 varieties declared cfda: public at the same time
The Department has accelerated its research and development of innovative medicines, and the United States’ research and development center in Santiago has started operating. The combined and associated companies contributed a fall in profits over the same period last year, but the $180 million compared to the $146 million in 4q17 is a significant improvement.
With $230 million in investment earnings in the first quarter, combined and associated companies contributed 220 million, and the core business bms is expected to recover this year with hepatitis C and oncology, while Rhodes' product prices fell in the second half of last year, sales began at an 18-year rate, with a two-vote system leading to stock adjustments, which is expected to occur in the first half of this year.
In terms of finance, there has been no further increase in long-term borrowing, but short-term borrowing has increased significantly and is guided by a slight increase in interest costs based on the amount of short-term loans and a trend at the income end: trends in industries based on the positive layout of the distribution of drugs and the double vote system; and
In the case of domestic operations in the cardinal, we believe that the combined growth of the distribution business over the next three years is expected to reach more than 15 per cent: the industrial plate is expected to return to steady growth with the adoption of vitaco cumulations (short-term), the marketing of core varieties (medium-term) and the elimination of fluctuations in the investment returns of joint ventures.
▪ Poor expansion of distribution operations, lower-than-expected two-vote push, lower-than-expected improvements in the marketing of core varieties, higher financial costs and higher fluctuations in non-recurring returns.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.