The pharmaceutical industry is growing rapidly and the pharmaceutical business is profitable.
9.83% longer. Realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies is RMB 1,020 million, an increase of 2.07% over the same period, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, net of non-recurrent gains and losses, is RMB 996 million, an increase equal to the increase.
1. Rapid growth of the pharmaceutical industry and sustained increases in R & D costs.2 Shanghai Medicine (601607.sh): Performance against expectations, business robustness, industry
The Māori rate is 59.44 per cent; the pharmaceutical industry’s main business contributes a net profit of $422 million, an increase of 21.02 per cent over the same period.
Growth is more than expected, business M&As continue to accelerate progress and collaboration on R&D innovation projects in North Sudan, total R&D costs in one quarter
In the area of innovative medicines, three clinical trial batches were obtained for the company ' s hydroxyl-rey-protocinol tablets (to be used for the treatment of chronic abnormal immune activations for AIDS), and for second-line treatment. The company has deepened its open cooperation in research and development, and the heart is already operational in the United States of America ' s Santiago research and development program.
The company continues to make every effort to promote the evaluation of the compatibility of the quality and efficacy of generic medicines, seeking to achieve a consistent evaluation of the pre-occupancy of the city, currently leading the country in terms of the number of products that the company has developed for the evaluation of the compatibility of the quality and efficacy of generic pharmaceuticals, and to complete the evaluation of the new hydrochloric dichloride and its declaration to the National Drug Supervisory Authority, with a cumulative of three varieties being declared nearer.
One-two products are in the clinical research phase. The company is committed to the integrated development of raw medicines and preparations, strengthening the extension of the industrial chain, promoting the extension of the sole-source drug, the silver acetone ester, to high-end preparations, the acquisition of the Zhejiang Xinxu Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd. at RMB 280 million, and the steady growth of the pharmaceutical business and further enhancement of its profitability.
201,801, the pharmaceutical business generated revenue of $31,423 million, an increase of 7.12%. The pharmaceutical business owner contributed $456 million in net profit, an increase of 10.61%. The operating profit rate, after deducting the two rates, was 2.71%, and the operating profit rate increased further.
The company acquired 51% of the shares of Anhui Fertilizer Medicine Ltd. and 10% of Sichuan Medicine and Technology Inc., which deepened the company’s coverage at the municipal level in the provinces of Sichuan, Anhui, Nimmon, Guangdong, etc.
At the same time, the company, as the country ' s largest importer and distributor of pharmaceutical products, is acting as agent for the importation of pharmaceutical products with 223 regulations, and in recent days it has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Shanghai Rhodes Pharmaceuticals Ltd., which will give priority to cooperation in areas such as the expansion of the market for new products and the provision of channel value-added services to the affected population.
3 dtp dispensaries drive retail block growth, and a new retail “Internet+” business platform is actively deployed. 2018q1, the company’s retail pharmaceutical business achieved sales revenue of $1,444 million, an increase of 12.78 per cent, the Māori rate of 15.95 per cent, and the operating profit after deducting both costs - 0.14 per cent.
With the company’s acquisition of Kandler’s Chinese business, the company’s integration with the Kandler Chinese dtp pharmacy was officially launched, and the company’s leadership of the new special drug dtp business in the country will be further established with the Kandler Chinese dtp market. We estimate that the dtp pharmacy is now earning more than $400 million, and that the rapid growth of the dtp pharmacy has led to faster retail growth.
At the same time, as a new retail “Internet+” business platform for the development of prescription drugs in the company, the company has signed a comprehensive strategic partnership agreement with the ANI, with the help of the CSA's multi-purpose resources in areas such as financial phasing, health insurance, big data wind control, and in-depth strategic collaboration with it in areas such as innovative payment models for medical finance and management of health.
Joint development of China ' s innovative model of medical finance.4 The turnover rate of receivables has decreased, but the sales rate of Māori and net interest rates have increased further. The turnover rate of corporate receivables has decreased as a result of the two-vote transfer operation to direct sales.
The turnover rate is 1.05%, a decrease of 0.09 pp over the same period. However, the company’s Māori sales rate and net interest rates have all increased further, offsetting one of the negative impacts.
iii. Profit forecasting and investment proposals; increasing concentration and increasing profitability of pharmaceutical business benefits. We maintain lower than expected research and development and listing of new products for companies; and lower than expected prices for the sale and bidding of medicines.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board