Newtimesecurities, ten years old, and then a first-time cover report for the shares of Tonway.
Low-cost advantages, thick and thin hairs, multi-crystal silicon operations will expand rapidly: strongly recommended (first rating) Sichuan Yongxiang is a multi-crystal silicon branch of Tonway shares.
The country is ranked third, with a domestic market share of 8.03%. The sales in the three quarters of 2017 amounted to 123,000 tons, an increase of 34.7% over the same period.
The average price of silicon material is expected to be 12-15 million yuan per ton next year, or 10-12 million yuan per ton in 19 years. The company has a multi-crystal silicon capacity of 20,000 tons, with a projected volume of 17 million tons this year, while in 2017 the company has already launched its first 25 million tons.
The future company will replace the 10gw capacity imported from abroad and the 60-80 million capacity that is lagging in the country with excellent quality and cost advantages, and the silicon industry will go through another shuffling, and the company will be in business.
With the continued expansion of photovoltaic batteries, it is likely that they will become global third-party suppliers: the battery industry as a whole is currently less competitive, lacking large lead firms, and thus subject to competition.
Downstream oligarchs are squeezed at around 10%. The company, with its technological and cost advantages of 3.8gw, has already launched an expansion scheme of 3.2gw and 2.3gw compost, which is expected to reach 10gw, which will further boost the cost of solar cell processing, its profitability and competition.
The competitive pattern of the battery is expected to improve significantly with the phasing out of production capacity, and the company’s Māori ratio is expected to remain around 20%. Agricultural and livestock operations are growing steadily, and the aquaculture feed industry has become more concentrated.
In 2016, as a result of the El Niño mega-events, aquaculture households lost a lot of money, and supply and demand were tightened. The country’s wholesale market for water products was generally smooth in the first half of 2017, with market transactions showing a pattern of price reductions, and the fishing industry’s “reduced harvests” began to show results.
The silicon and battery operations drive rapid growth in corporate performance, giving a “strongly recommended” rating: 1, feed, photovoltaic new energy operations developed in synergy, and two-sector leadership:
The shares of Tonway were established in December 1992 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 2 March 2004, and its parent company, the Tonway Group, has a 35-year history. In addition to its previous feed and industrial chain operations, the company, through M&As, has integrated the new photovoltaic energy plate into the main business system, resulting in the integration of two major industries: “Fisheries + Photovoltae.”
Co-development of business models for world-class multi-crystal silicon production enterprises and world-class clean energy companies.
The development of new platforms, the construction of nearly $20 million in companies, and the National Development and Reform Commission's National Joint Local Engineering Laboratory for Aquaculture Animal Disease Control and Prevention have been put into operation and have consolidated the position and advantages of “leaders” in the field of corporate aquaculture protection.
The company has developed functional products for various segments of the industrial chain, such as “shrimp livers”, “silfs”, “skins and intestines”, “Wang Chai Po” and “circumbicides”, and has obtained good market reputations and sales performance.
And one of the producing firms is also one of the few Silicon suppliers in the country that can meet the requirements of high-efficiency monocrysil silicon silicon, developed over the years, long-term shares that are more competitive in terms of technical quality, cost control, etc., cold hydrogenization, large-scale energy-saving distillation, efficient restoration, tail gas recovery, trichlorohydrosilica synthesis, anti-discrimination, etc.
According to the Chinese Association of Photovoltaic Industries ' Industrial Review 2016 and ihs ' Global Battery Energy Statistics, the global solar cell industry accounted for about 79% of the energy use in 2016, while the compost solar energy used continuous technology.
At the same time, the company has gradually replaced traditional manual production with a rising level of automated production, which has effectively increased labour productivity, increased quality stability and reduced labour costs. Due to these technological advantages and fine-tuning management, company solar energy, etc.
The cost of processing batteries is around 0.3 yuan/w, and the quality indicators such as company battery conversion efficiency, good product rates, ctm values are at a leading level in the industry. In the area of terminal photovoltaic power, “fishing light as one” is the company's unique core competitiveness, with photovoltaics being used to generate electricity.
Aquaculture resources are effectively integrated into horizontal industrial synergies to achieve sustainable water production of clean energy, water production of high-quality water products, harvests of “clean energy, modern fisheries, safe water products” and broad market space and development opportunities. Second, the farm household resources accumulated by companies through feed operations are also developed as “rural”
In 2016, the company completed its integration of the new photovoltaic energy industry, and the company's main business was singled out.
Material production, marketing and development into two major collaborative operators, feed collection and industrial chains and photovoltaic new energy sources, achieved business income of $20,088,404.9 million, representing an increase of 11.24 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies realized a high yield of 12.1 million tons of crystallized silicon, representing an increase of 15.24 per cent in the same year; and Māori ratios achieved a balance of production and sales.
41.03 per cent, or 8.23 percentage points more than in the previous year, continued to grow at a high rate, becoming a global leader in the agro-forestry fisheries and photovoltaic industries. 69.53 per cent of this total, as of the first half of 2017, benefited from the release of productive energy, with the share of the photo-voltaic block camp having reached a high level.
The company ' s annual multi-crystal silicon, battery and assembly capacity is released, while the aquaculture feed business benefits from the gradual warming of downstream aquaculture operations, and the company ' s performance is expected to increase significantly.2 The multi-crysil silicon cost advantages are clear, quality is secure and future expansion is clear:
2.1. The photovoltaic industry continues to outpace expectations and the future market space is huge. In the “13th Five” Plan for Renewable Energy Development, the target for 2020 is 105gw, but in the first half of 2017, 24.4gw for additional photovoltaics and all of 2016 for new photovoltaics.
The installed capacity has also reached 34.2gw, and it will take only two years to complete half of the target. China ' s Photovoltage Industry Development Road Map 2016 forecasts 30gw in 2017. In fact, the first three quarters of the year have reached 42gw, with 50gw expected throughout the year.
According to the National Solar Development 13th Five-Year Plan, our photovoltaic installed capacity will reach around 250gw by the end of 2020, while our installed photovoltaic capacity will reach 400gw by 2030 and 2050, respectively, according to the China Road Map for Renewable Energy Development 2050 (National Development Project).
1,000gw, by which time solar energy will transition from the current complementary sources to alternative sources of energy, and will gradually become one of the main sources of energy for our energy system. With the gradual release of demand from the photovoltaic market in the “one-way” region, emerging cities like India, Africa, and the Middle East will become the main sources of energy for our energy system.
The demand for photovoltaic products is increasing year by year. The photovoltaic industry in emerging markets such as India, Africa and the Middle East is still in its early stages of development, with no mature photovoltaic enterprises, and China has a pre-eminent advantage over emerging markets, not only in terms of technological sophistication but also in terms of cost control.
China will gradually change the pre-existing supply chain pattern of “demands out, upstream out, and midstream” to become an important export point for photovoltaic products in emerging regions. 2.2. Flags replaced by multi-crystal silicon national production with cost and quality advantages.
The domestic multi-crystal silicon industry has been relatively slow to grow and is still unable to meet domestic demand. In 2016, the country had 227,000 tons of silicon, or 42.50% of the world ' s total. But, compared to the downstream silicon chain, which accounts for more than 90% of the global light-voltage chain, the global share of silicon polycrysil is still low and still needs to be substantial.
Imports. According to customs data, the import of polycrystal silicon in September 2017 amounted to 17628 tons, an increase of 9.2 per cent in ring comparison, a further historic high. The cumulative import of 120,312 tons in January-September, a significant increase of 16.2 per cent in the same year, was also due to a gap between the quality of domestic multicrystal silicon and that of Wacker in Germany and Oci in South Korea.
According to our research, the production requirements for single-crystal silicon are not yet met in the country. Thus, the import of silicon links requires not only expansion of domestic firms’ capacity, but also, more importantly, improvement of quality.
A multi-crystal silicon development focus, based on chlor-alkali, involves new energy sources and traditional chlor-alkali industries, both of which have already achieved the model of a circular economic chain from silicon, pvc, multi-crystal silicon to cement. The business model is characterized by combining material cycles with cleaner production, maximizing the transformation of waste into resources, while at the same time working with the public.
The Division has invested heavily in the development of cold-hydrogen technologies, significantly increasing the combined use of resources and reducing production energy consumption and productivity. The company now has 20,000 tons of capacity, the third highest in the country, and a domestic market share of 8.03 per cent. 2017 The sales volume for the first three quarters of the year was 1230,000 tons, a 34.7 per cent increase in quality and low cost will be corporate performance.
Core competitiveness for rapid growth. 2.2.1, the strongest cost control in the industry, and greater competitive advantage. First, companies combine improvements in Siemens and Equivalence to form a unique technological route, and therefore in equipment.
There is a better financial advantage in the configuration and selection, with an investment of about 160 million yuan in 1,000 tons of existing capacity, an investment of 280 million yuan in Jiang, $240 million in new and renewable energy and $250 million in Xinjiang, well below industry levels; and an initial investment of 1.6 billion yuan per ton in new multi-crystal capacity in companies, with early investment in other competitors in the industry.
The initial cost of a company’s investment is significantly lower than that of its counterpart. Second, the company’s detailed management philosophy. The company continues to manage the agro-pastoral sector finely and has a better advantage in controlling the cost than the traditional luminous business model. Third, the company’s productivity and transformation efficiency are also at the forefront of the industry.
Corporate capacity utilization has remained at about 110-120 per cent, compared to the low rate of start-up in other enterprises, and the trend in corporate Māori rates has shown that companies have achieved significant results in recent years, that profitability is rising year by year, and we believe that the overall Māori rate will continue in the future as the cost and size advantages of the company increase further.
Figure 12: German mocker multi-crystal silicon cost structure Figure 11: Tung Yongxiang multi-crystal silicon cost structure. The multi-crystal silicon cost structure basically includes raw materials (industrial silicon, chlorine gas, silver slurry, etc.), labour costs,
Depreciation and energy (mainly electricity). The cost structure shows a large difference between domestic and overseas representation of German Wacker, the high share of labour costs in overseas enterprises, the highest share of energy costs in our enterprises, the second largest investment in equipment (depreciation) and the future relative to industrial power as new domestic capacity is built.
The cheap mid-western region, with the simultaneous introduction of home-grown equipment, can significantly reduce costs. For foreign firms, there is little room for falling costs in the future. This is a powerful guarantee that our silicon enterprises will be able to import alternatives in the future.
Efficiency and transformation efficiency, and the cost-control capabilities of the company ' s multi-crystal silicon materials are absolutely ahead of the industry. 2.2.2, the expansion plan is clear, the industry is beginning to emerge in March 2017, the company is cooperating with the single-crystal silicon leader, Lungi shares, and investing in annual production in Leysan.
The 50,000-ton high-purity multi-crystal silicon project (Engage account for 85 per cent of shares and Lungi shares 15 per cent), of which the 2.5-ton high-purity polycrysil silicon project is scheduled to commence construction by 30 June 2017, is expected to be completed by the end of 2018, and the two-phase project of 25,000 tons will be driven by market realities.
In August 2017, the company entered into an extension agreement with the people's government of the city head, Kundul district of the city head (the price of the agreement was 0.22 yuan/degree, less than the current price of 0.36/degree in Leisan) to invest in the district of Kundun in the city head, to build up 50,000 tons of high crystalline silicon capacity per year, to be implemented in two phases, with a first phase of 25,000 tons of high-purity silicon project at 2017.
The first phase of both plans will be completed in 2018, when the company’s multi-crystal silicon capacity will exceed 70,000 tons. Meanwhile, firms like the Polyclinic, the Xinjiang Revolution, the New Energy, and the East Hope plan will be able to expand their production.
In terms of total capacity, Paul and Tonway will be in the first row, but it is worth noting that the cost of the original 70,000 tonnes of capacity is approximately $70 per kilogram, well above the 57 kilogram per kilogram of Tonagae, and that the price of silicon material will decline significantly in the future as the cost of light voltage falls and the price of silicon will fall significantly, with 75,000 tons at that time.
With the advent of affordable Internet access, the decline in silicon prices is an inevitable trend, and as the total cost of a company is at the lowest level in the industry, the fall in prices will not have much to do with a company’s profitability.
Since new production will not be fully released next year, the supply of silicon as a whole will continue to fall short next year, and we expect that next year the average price of silicon will be $12-15 million per ton, and $10-12 million per ton in 19 years.
The competition patterns in the silicon industry as a whole will also improve.3 The continued expansion of photovoltaic batteries is expected to become global third-party suppliers in the future.
3.4gw Quality indicators such as solar battery production, battery conversion efficiency, good product rates, ctm values, etc. are at the forefront of the industry. According to Bloomberg ' s new energy finance, the company compost solar energy was ranked first in battery production in 2016.
Taiwan now has a 14-gw battery plate capacity. The battery industry as a whole is less competitive, lacks a large flagship, has more decentralized capacity.
There's still a gap. So they're squeezed up and down by an oligarchy, with an average Māori rate of about 10%. By technology and cost advantage, the company reported Māori battery ratio in mid-2017.
At the end of the reporting period, 53 patents were cumulatively applied and granted, including 7 patents, 46 practical new ones.
Quality indicators such as battery conversion efficiency, good product rates, ctm values, etc., are at the forefront of the industry. In November 2017, the company launched the compost 2.3gw, Chengdu 3.2gw high-efficiency battery production line, which is expected to be in place.
In the third quarter of 2018, two production lines could be put into operation, and the original capacity could reach 6gw, with a total battery capacity of 11.5gw. By that time, the cost of solar cell processing would be reduced by 10 per cent, and its profitability and competitive advantage would be further enhanced, with the prospect of becoming a global third-party supplier.
Agricultural and livestock operations have been steadily growing, and there has been an increase in the concentration of the aqueous feed industry: in 2016, as a result of the El Niño mega-event, aquaculture households lost more than they could, and the supply and demand were significantly tightened. Water products experienced a recovery in 2017, with market transactions showing a pattern of higher prices and a “reducing harvest” in the fishing industry.
According to the statistics on the wholesale market for the country's 80 water products, the combined average price of water products The company has increased the profitability of the feed business by increasing the proportion of the high-end products such as special feed in aqueous feed and expansion of feed.
In addition to the functional products that are targeted at the various segments of the industrial chain, such as Jian, Wang Chai Po, the diagnostic techniques, “light-for-fishing” efficient farming techniques, pond recycling, etc., a series of operations that contribute to corporate profitability, and silicon and battery film operations that drive rapid growth, giving “a strong push” to the company's performance.