Medium- and Far-Sea Energy (600026)
Incidents: Middle and Far Seas Energy published 2022 semi-annual reports. Companies achieved 89,148 million tons of transport (excluding lease) in the first half of the year, i.e. +9.7 per cent of the year; transport turnover (i.e., no lease), 266.05 billion nautical miles, i.e., global demand for oil consumption resumed the growth of oil shipments, with high fuel prices affecting profits.
The gradual easing of controls led to a recovery in demand for oil consumption, the realization of revenues from the 2022h1 company's oil transport operations, the Middle and Far Sea energy of $6.9 billion, or +25.6 per cent, of which $3.94 billion, or +45 per cent, was collected from oil transport camps for foreign trade.
With $2.95 billion, compared to +6.6 per cent, the company ' s first half-year tanker, eng-ships, had been operational and transport operations had reached a steady harvest. The company was steadily promoting the landing of the eng-carrying project through active participation in the bidding process by domestic shipowners, as well as the eng Hong Kong Shipping Line Security System.
Through abs on-site audit and successful doc interim certification, eng transport chain performance was enhanced, eng external trade lang transport operations of 2022h1 received $610 million, Māori $320 million was realized, oil transport distance from the conflict in the Russian Federation increased, vlcc excess capacity improved, and transport prices recovered to generate gains in Russia.
The conflict led to a significant increase in the distance from transport for oil trade by sea; on the other hand, 23 vessels were delivered in the first half of 2022 and 2 were dismantled. Since July of last year, there have been no new orders for Vlcc, there has been an increase in ageing, there has been further improvement in excess capacity, and the international crude oil transport market will enter the upper cycle in July.
A 21% rise in the same year, and a 55% rise in the ring. Profit predictions and investments suggest that: we look forward to a recovery in oil demand, a slowdown in power supply, an upturn in tanker markets, and companies, as global heads of oil and gas transport, benefit from oil from a sustained lead fleet.
Anticipated risks, higher fuel prices, etc..1 Focus on oil, gas transport, building up the world’s leading energy transport company, the global leading oil and gas transport company.
Reorganization by Shanghai Shipping Group, which was listed in Hong Kong in the same year; transfer of shares held by Shanghai Shipping Group to China Sea Group, renamed China Sea Development in 1997 and listed in 2002a; reorganization of China Sea Group with China Far Group in 2015-2016, changed the company ' s main business to oil and eng transport operations, renamed China Far Sea Energy in the following years
During the year, through the pooling of resources, such as new ships, fleet acquisitions and so forth, the company worked to become the solution to the full-scale energy transport programme, providing high-quality, all-seas, global and all-weather services to its clients.
The company operates and manages the fleet and maintains a leading capacity. The company ' s tanker fleet is the largest in the world. To date, it owns and controls a total of 161 tankers, with 23,650,000 heavy tons. In addition, the company is also the leader of the lang shipping operations in China, and to date it has been involved in the investment of 49 lang ships, of which lang is already in operation.
38 ships with 6.42 million cubic metres of transport; 11 lang ships under construction, with 1.91 million cubic metres of transport; company-focused tanker transport and lang transport, two core industries. Tanker transport operations, with companies taking advantage of the globalization of services hub advantage, have adopted different operational strategies for different types of ships, with 2022h1 accounting for 91.8 per cent and an increase of 1.6 pp by the end of 21;
Ing Transport Services, through China ' s only two large ng transport companies, Shanghai Maritime Liquefied Natural Gas Investment Ltd. and China Liquefied Natural Gas Transport (Clng) Limited (Clng), the company has become an important force in influencing the world ' s ng transport markets through the import of lng from Australia, Papua New Guinea and Russia.
As the most fully-fledged tanker owner, companies can fully exploit the advantages of the ship and route, for example through internal and foreign trade linkages. The overall level of revenue from the Ministry's in-shore oil and eng transport operations has been stable, providing a “security cushion” for the company's performance.
In addition, following the acquisition of the oil-finished tanker fleet, the company's position in the coastal oil-carrying market was further upgraded, with 2022h1 operations accounting for 39.3 per cent, while the company has developed a Chinese-based company based in Singapore, London, Houston and Hong Kong by continuously optimizing the route layout of the foreign trade fleet, enhancing the efficiency of fleet operations and providing cyclical elasticity to the company's performance.
For the global layout of offshore points, 2022h1 foreign operations accounted for 60.7% of the total. The shareholders in the company are the China Sea Group, which actually controls the National Treasury.
The company is also able to rely on the strong resource background and brand advantage of the China-China Maritime Group to implement a centralized procurement strategy for the efficient use of ship fuel: the National Finance Committee controls the company by holding 90 per cent of the shares of the China-Africa Maritime Group.2 With structural changes in the oil trade, the recovery of the tanker market has been strong.
Over the first half of the year, control of the epidemic has gradually been relaxed, leading to a recovery in demand for oil consumption. Control of the epidemic has been gradually relaxed in countries abroad, with a sharp rise in demand for travel, followed by a recovery in the transport sector, which has led to a rise in the demand for oil fuel, and, according to the latest monthly report, a sharp rise in the use of oil for power generation and gas for oil conversion, which has further boosted demand for oil.
World oil demand in 2022 was 99.7 million barrels per day, an increase of 3.3% in the same year, and 100 million barrels per day in 2023, while consumption demand for traditional seasons, crude oil, and finished oils will increase further in the second half of the year. “The Russian-Ukrain conflict” has brought structural changes to the oil trade, and the increase in transport distance has contributed to a recovery in oil transport demand.
In the wake of the “shocks” that triggered the imposition of a ban on Russian petroleum products by countries like Europe and the United States, the diversion of Russian oil supplies to regions such as Asia, and the lowering of the impact of sanctions, Europe's shift to imports of oil into regions such as the Middle East, India, etc., led to a significant increase in the distance of transport for the oil trade by sea, and a significant increase in the demand for oil transport in the further restructuring of the international tanker transport market, which is currently bcti/bdti in the form of bcti/bdti.
Volcc excess capacity gradually improves and returns revenue. In the first half of 2022, 23 vessels were delivered and 2 were dismantled, while since July of last year there have been no new Vlcc orders under multiple influences. Overcapacity will gradually improve in the coming years. Moreover, the global ageing of tankers and the introduction of environmental policies have resulted in an increase in the rate of clearance of older ships.
Quick, by the first half of the year, the number of Vlcc ships had exceeded 20%; demand had recovered steadily, excess supply had improved gradually, and the international crude oil transport market would move into the upward cycle, rising 21% in July and 55% in the ring.
In spite of the fact that this year there has been an increase in the rate of commencement of oil refineries in the United States, which was 93.5 per cent as of July 22, and 73.8 per cent in the French refinery, the combined effect has been a decline in oil production in the United States and Europe, which accounted for 17.5 per cent of the average daily capacity in the United States in 21 years.
Increased demand for the import of finished oils; however, the rate of increase in the capacity of the finished tankers has slowed and is currently only 5.7 per cent of the capacity of hand orders, 1.2 pp lower than in 21 years, and the supply slowdown has supported the climate.3 Intratrade operations have guaranteed operational efficiency and foreign trade oil transport has provided elastic performance.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved only $640 million, with high fuel prices, and a Māori rate of 8.1 per cent and a Māori rate of 6.9 per cent, of which the tanker fleet transports only $290 million and a Māori rate of 4.1 per cent; and the foreign trade industry 320 million.
The Māori rate was 52.7 per cent, while the company ' s four rates fell, but the operating costs still affected the company ' s net profits.
Effectively controlled, net profits continued to be affected by high fuel costs, with a decrease of 29.8 per cent to 160 million yuan, net interest rate of 2.1 per cent, 1) the gradual easing of control of the overseas epidemic, leading to a recovery in demand for oil consumption, combined with a slowdown in the supply of power, a favourable outlook for tanker markets in US$/day, while the vlcc market recovered, with an increase of 21 per cent in the vlcc-tce and 55 per cent in the ring as of July;
In addition, the company ' s tanker fleet, which covers the global mainstream tanker fleet, is able to take full advantage of both inland and foreign trade vessels for power distribution 2) Global lang transport has entered a rapid development and a stable income period, and now operates 38 lang ships and invests in the construction of 11 ships for a two-year construction cycle, and as lang ships become operational, the company lang transport regulations
The model will be gradually expanded; in addition, the company will have a stable rental price through long-term lease contracts. It is expected that, with the fleet expanding, there will be less volatility in the company's in-house oil operations and eng's Māori rate, a steady return for the company, and fluctuations in foreign trade oil prices at the profit-and-loss point.
As a result of the recovery in oil transport demand, the slowdown in the supply of the super-consolidated power, the upturn in the oil tanker market, the company, as a global headline oil and gas transport company, benefiting from the recovery of the oil and gas fleet through a sustained lead fleet, is expected to return to the company in 2022/23/24 with a focus on oil and gas transport, and the firm is selected for a comparison between the South oil and the Merchant Ship, compared to 23 years pb.
Risks of macroeconomic volatility, transport security risks, geopolitical risks, higher transport prices than expected, fuel prices are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for by specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
As far as the company and the author know, there are no laws or regulations with respect to securities evaluated or recommended in this report that require disclosure or restrictions or silence.
Read or focus on the content of this report as a client from the media. The company or associated institution may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek to provide investment banking or financial advisory services for these companies.
At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, observations, and assumptions contained in this report, and it does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.