Middle-Sea Energy (600026.sh) The global energy maritime leader is expected to benefit from a cyclical reversal of transport and shipping ports.
The company is the largest oil tanker owner in the world and the leader of the domestic lang transport business. On the oil side, the company has 168 tankers under its flag, covering the world’s mainstream tanker fleet, the world’s largest tanker fleet.
LNGI, and Clng, which holds a 50 per cent shareholding, are currently the only two large lng transport companies in China, S098052207001.
Framework for research in the oil transport sector: The oil transport industry is a typical strong-cycle, high-elastic industry, where fluctuations in prices are one of the main determinants of corporate performance, and in most cases the industry is more important than the company's alpha. To this end, we break down the impact of price fluctuations into crude oil supply, effective transport capacity, and distance.
Five of the 52-week maximum/minimum price multipliers, geopolitics and bunkers, the first three of which are the underlying determinants of industry fundamentals, corresponding to the long-term direction and continuity of prices, short-term elasticity of prices and sustainability of demand, respectively
Multiplier effects; geopolitics, while unpredictable, can always be used as a signal for the pre-positioning industry and as a test mechanism for short-term supply and demand in the industry; and fluorescent oil hoarding is an extension of the industry's climate, generating positive feedback on the height and length of current behavior.
The industry may have moved to the right, the cycle invertable period. According to our pricing analysis framework, the industry has gradually improved at the bottom. At the demand level, the global epidemic is now emerging, the consumption of crude oil has begun to rise, and the oil stocks in the major economies at the end of the stockpile are at a lower level, replenishing stocks or one.
Touch-on, and U.S. crude oil still has more than 7.5 million barrels/day of expanded production space. The effective transport layer has seen the industry's transport speed increase probably weak since 23 years, the implementation of environmental standards may accelerate the dismantling of old capacity and limit the speed of existing capacity. At the distance, the current conflict in Russia and Ukraine may drive the world.
The pattern of oil transport has changed, the average distance has increased, and the increase in oil exports will increase the average distance. There are indications that, while the rhythm of the cycle inverts is difficult to determine, the industry has moved to the right, improving the time frame.
Conservatively, tce earns about $1 billion in incremental profits per $10,000/day on top of the profit/loss balance point. According to our calculations, the company's vlcc fleet's tc/day is about $240 million, combined with the company's own size of 48 and the rental of 12 vlcc.
Companies with up to $1.24 billion in incremental performance per $10,000, but given the company ' s long-term collaboration with clients, the carrier price may be slightly less volatile than the industry ' s, we measure it at 80%, and $10,000 still corresponds to the company ' s performance elasticity of about $1 billion.
Intra-trade oil transport and eng transport are the company’s performance of ballast and lng transport. Historically, the business of internal commerce and lng has been stable, with the Māori rate for oil transport for 18 years remaining at between 25 per cent and 27 per cent of Māori. In addition, the company is currently operating 38 lang ships and is building nine lang ships.
Investment proposal: The fundamentals of the oil transport industry have gradually moved to the right, the industry is expected to turn to the upper rows of the cycle, the sea is expected to be fully released as the world’s largest oil tanker owner, and the elasticity of profits is expected to be fully released under the neutral scenario.
We expect the company to realize net profits of $11.19, 38.78, 2,586 million in 22-24 years (which may vary considerably due to the elasticity of freight prices), the pb of the current share price counterpart company a ' s share, which is expected to continue to expand, and we believe that as the company ' s performance materializes, the premium rate is expected to run.
Step recovery, suggesting simultaneous attention to investment opportunities for the relatively low valuation of mid- and long-range sea energy (h). In 2016, the company de-carried from China Sea Development Co. Ltd. and sold 100% of the shares of China Sea Bulk Transport Co. Ltd. in the middle and China Sea Group ' s significant assets reorganization process to the middle- and long-range bulk cargo transport (group) Ltd., and
After the completion of this heavy group, the company’s main business will be changed to oil transport and lang transport, and the name of the company will be changed from China Sea Development Co. Ltd. to Middle and Far Maritime Energy Transport Co. Ltd.
By the end of the 21st year, the company was the largest oil tanker owner in the world, with a total of 168 tankers owned and controlled under its flag, with a capacity of 2,561,000 heavy tons, of which 156 were owned and 12 rented. And the company ' s capacity covered the world ' s mainstream tanker fleet, which is the world ' s largest tanker fleet.
The company is the leader of the lang transport business in China and is an important participant in the world lang transport market. The company ' s fully funded Shanghai Maritime Liquefied Natural Gas Investment Company Ltd. and China Liquefied Air Transport (Colng) Ltd., which holds a 50% shareholding, are the only two large lang transport companies in China today.
Projects that mainly serve China’s imports of lang from Australia, Papua New Guinea and Russia have become important forces in influencing the world’s lang transport markets.
Acquisition of China Sea Group liquid from the China Sea Group and purchase of 42 dry-dispersed natural gas investment companies from the China Sea Group, 100 per cent
Ship, become oil, coal, and successively, large shipping companies that are both oil- and-carrying.
The petrochemicals formed three joint ventures, and China China transferred 16 mega-mines by agreement.
Implementation of a major asset reorganization to transport cargo to and from the Middle and Middle East, to receive sea ships from Shanghai by sea, sand ships, to march into iron ore.
The sale of 100 per cent of China-China diaspora shares and the acquisition of 1.4 billion State-owned corporate shares in Dalian Ocean Transport Ltd.
100% equity, formally established in the Middle and Far Seas, Figure 2: Medium and Far Sea energy equity structure
The company’s focus on the two core industries of tanker and eng transport has already created economies of scale in these two areas. Through the scientific development of power planning, rational selection of the type, number and timing of new ships, the fleet’s fleet pattern and age structure have been optimized, the fleet’s competitiveness has continued to increase, and the market share has continued to rise.
It is possible to achieve the full range of logistics solutions such as “intra-trade linkages”, “large and large ships linkages” and “black and white oil linkages”. By taking advantage of ship-type and route advantages, companies can provide customers with external trade for import, intra-trade rebuttals, trans-shipments and exits of finished oils, downstream chemicals shipments, etc., to help them reduce logistics costs and achieve cooperation.
Strength II: Operating structure advantage: International oil transport is a typical, highly cyclical industry, with more volatile freight costs and revenues, which also results in more volatile profits for companies whose international oil transport is the main industry. Intra-trade transport operations and eng transport operations in mid- and long-sea energy are more volatile.
Gains have been stable, contributing $2.11 billion to companies in 21 years of low performance in the international tanker industry, significantly increasing company resistance to cyclical volatility.
The company ' s many years of experience in the transport of oil, as well as its high branding and professional shipping management team, has established a good corporate image in the industry and has fostered a stable client base that includes a large number of large domestic and foreign enterprise groups, the main clients of which are globally renowned oil companies.
Industry recapitulation: strong cyclical industries with high elasticity Oil transport cyclicality and high elasticity, prices are core factors In cyclical terms, demand in international oil transport markets is closely related to the global economic cycle, and year-to-year volatility is not the same.
In the long run, the consumption of crude oil has a strong correlation with global macroeconomic growth, with an increase in the consumption of crude oil during the economic period and an increase in the profile of the oil-cargo industry. In the course of the year, the first and fourth quarter is the traditional season, mainly from winter heating needs in major consumer countries, such as Europe and the United States;
Three-quarters consumption was low and the global refinery was heavily overhauled during this period, leading to a dynamic oil transport market with strong financial attributes and a relatively low freight-to-freight ratio, which led to a downstream-to-carriage sensitivity of more than $200 million in dollar/barrel prices.
The tce indicator is an indicator of the cost of fuel, calculated separately by the cost of fuel and the revenue of the oil carrier: for the tenant, the fuel cost component is relatively fixed, at a price of US$ 380/tonne and a consumption of vlcc per day of fuel at a level of 100 tons, while the cost of fuel for the Middle East and the Far East is approximately 100 tons per day.
$2 million, or about 1 per cent of the value of the goods; of the oil company ' s revenue component, approximately $40,000 per day would cost approximately $2 million, or about 1 per cent of the value of the goods, and, for most of the time, lower upstream/downstream sensitivity to the price, owing to the relatively low proportion of freight to the value of the goods, when the demand is high
Moreover, global crude oil prices are more affected and volatile by geopolitics, resulting in higher volatility in the international oil transport industry, and by their transmission, and in the geopolitics of freight costs.
For oil tankers, the rate of return depends largely on the level of the freight price, given the relatively small fluctuations at the cost end. For shipowners, the more common forms of chartering are long-term chartering, and therefore the costs are mainly due to depreciation, crew pay, crew subsistence (food, etc.), ship-related financing costs, maintenance, etc.
Operating costs are easy to see that these costs are mostly fixed, and therefore the volatility on the cost side of the shipowners in the oil-cargo industry is relatively small. Thus, the industry’s rate of return depends mainly on the end of revenue, while the route of the main route and the day of operation of the ship are often fixed, and ultimately it can be found that the price of the shipment is dominant for the shipowner’s performance.
Significant changes at the end of the income and fixed classes at the end of the cost create high profitability. Because the cost of a ship is more fixed, it can be considered to be almost fixed, while personnel-related operating costs are low in proportion to the cost, each tanker often has a tce-based guarantee point when the industry exceeds the profit/loss balance.
Cost analysis framework: Five factors are topping and price levels are fundamentally dependent on supply and demand. Given the financial and strategic attributes of crude oil, we transport the oil.
Price levels are deconstructed into crude oil consumption and stock demand, average distance from oil shipments, supply of tankers, geopolitics, and five dimensions of floating oil. Global crude oil production or effective indicators of total industry demand
The industry ' s effective demand indicator is transport turnover (tons of nautical miles), i.e., the multiplier of seaborne trade with the average shipping distance, so that the volume and the distance are the determining factors in industry ' s demand and can be further deconstructed into global crude oil consumption and global crude oil stocks.
When there is a more pronounced upturn in the global economy, where demand for crude oil is expected to improve, leading to increased purchasing by consumer countries, and where international oil prices are on the way to upwards, shipowners are expected to quickly take the initiative to boost industry prices, and the industry’s climate cycle is relatively high, given the degree of sustainability of demand improvement.
In the past 30 years, we've found that, when global demand for crude oil has risen dramatically, industry prices have given positive feedback. The logic behind this is that when demand has risen, buyers and sellers will focus more on whether crude oil can reach port on time and be more tolerant of prices, while freight costs in the oil industry are higher than goods.
After joining wto a year, new energy was injected into global economic growth, during which the real global economic growth rose from 2.5% to 5.7%, and the oil transport industry from 12,000 USd/day to a high point of 200,000 USd/day. Moreover, when demand for crude oil fell and prices fell considerably, national strategic reserves and refineries fell.
With the need to replenish stocks and support some of the demand for oil transport, it is assumed that oil prices will fall to unsustainable lows, such as the long-term demand for the end of the stock, or will become more radical under the cost of crude oil mining companies, when the demand for oil transport may not rise. Since the global oil crisis in 1973, crude oil-consuming countries have attached importance to energy security.
In order to avoid a recurrence of the economic stagnation caused by the lack of crude oil, Western industrial countries use strategic reserves of energy to withstand similar shocks. In general, global shortages of crude oil tend to occur during periods of overheating and stagnating economies, with high levels of crude oil consumption and international oil prices, at which point countries will consume their own resources.
A strategic reserve to maintain the country’s economy. As the clock turns to recession, global consumption of crude oil will decline as commercial activity shrinks, but the price of crude oil will fall as supply and demand patterns improve, and countries in a position to do so will use the opportunity to rebuild their strategic stocks to support the oil-carrying industry, for example.
With oil prices falling to an unsustainable position, countries will increase their strategic reserves, while refineries will strengthen their profitability and increase their own stocks at low cost, creating a substitute for demand at the end of their inventories for demand at the end of their consumption.
In summary, the main drivers of the oil industry climate remain the demand for crude oil, but demand at the end of the inventory should also be taken into account on the basis of the demand for crude oil consumption. In the course of the actual study, because of the difficulty of quantifying demand at the moment and of tracking inventory data, we can, under the basic assumption that the basic balance between supply and demand is maintained.
In other words, global crude oil production is one of the most effective indicators for observing the temperature of oil movements. But, due to special events and phases, crude oil supply and demand patterns may also be unconventional.
The situation, with large imbalances between supply and demand, is two different: oversupply and oversupply, and we are desperate for two: because most oil-producing countries are highly dependent on crude oil exports ... Unless the oil-producing countries jointly agree to reduce production with the aim of raising sales prices, a single country may reduce production for its own economy.
There is a relatively weak willingness to reduce production as a result of substantial damage; when the economy and the demand for crude oil recovers, the oil-producing countries will rapidly increase production to increase their market share and economic income. So we assume that supply is not enough or that there will be limited capacity or effective supply of crude oil due to geopolitical factors.
The closure of the Straits of Hormuz as a result of the Iraq war and the first oil crisis in 1973 are the main representatives, and we believe that once a similar situation emerges, the lack of effective supply or will result in a significant slide in the global volume of crude oil trade, the profitability of oil carriers will be limited.
Extremely oversupply: When crude oil production exceeds crude oil demand significantly, the downward trend in oil prices will lead to a significant increase in global crude oil stocks, and when land storage facilities are faced with a build-up, buyers will not be able to continue to loot oil, and sellers may be actively/passively using vlcc to store oil on the float until the supply and consumption of crude oil shrinks.
As oil prices rise, and at a time when they tend to be lower, the existence of arbitrage opportunities can have a bottom-up effect on prices, so supply levels still reflect to some extent the climate of the oil industry. Effective transport forces determine the elasticity of prices and the persistence of short-term fluctuations.
Although the supply of crude oil determines the direction of the oil-carrying industry, the oil-carrying industry has been flexible and there have been cases where demand has remained strong and prices have not risen significantly, and just judging the direction of demand has not been a sound guide to investment, the high price increases and the persistence of behavior for the final industry.
Because prices are essentially determined by supply and demand, we believe that the ability of effective transport to carry the demand is one of the dominant factors that push up the high level and sustainability of the demand. In a pro-cyclical period, demand increases with economic growth, and prices tend to grow longer in the climate, such as when there is an exit from effective power.
The elasticity of prices will be fully reflected, for example, when single-hull tankers began to exit the market in the period 02-04, when tce broke out by $200,000, and when economic growth began to be weak in the period 07-08, when the withdrawal of power again boosted transport prices by $200,000; in the counter-cyclical period, demand was mainly at the end of the inventory, where the major global economies jointly replenished stocks.
While the upgrading may be somewhat less sustainable, relatively significant freight prices will continue to emerge under the catalyst of a reduction in effective supply, and given the high safety requirements in the tanker industry, the attractiveness of ships to mainstream charterers will gradually decline once they enter the ranks of old ships, while the warehousing function of Vlcc will result in a certain gap between effective and industrial capacity.
According to historical ship-to-ship data, most older ships over the age of 20 do not continue to insure themselves and are mostly self-propelled under the owner's flag, but are not active as a whole, while the rest are idle, oil-storeed or sanctioned, unable to participate in the charter market, i.e. they are withdrawn from the effective transport force.
With the exception of old ships, ships subject to international sanctions have not been able to operate effectively. Since the end of 2018, the United States has not stopped imposing geopolitical sanctions on the owners of oil tankers, which directly prevent ships under the owner’s flag from sailing and hanging, and the forces of the sanctioned ship will temporarily and even permanently withdraw from the charter market.
Since then, the EU has also imposed certain restrictions on Russian ship companies and oil tankers carrying Russian oil, which, although currently limited in impact, may be followed by fermentation, resulting in a decline in effective transport capacity. Moreover, in the case of industry violations of International Maritime Organization (IMO) regulations, ships may not be able to pass through the class certificates of the classification societies.
This is when flag and port States will implement and regulate laws that prevent ships from navigating and mooring, which will also lead to the withdrawal of effective transport capacity.
The multiplier effect of the distance is one of the two main parameters of the volume of maritime transport, although in general, the role of the distance rarely changes significantly due to the more rigid capacity of the oil-producing countries, but when the pattern of the global oil-producing countries changes and mainstreams
There may be a more visible change in the demand for effective transport. Looking back at history, there were two phases of increased demand in the industry, the first of which was the closure of the Suez Canal in 1967-1976, a marked change in the Middle East-European-American transport route, and the need for tankers.
To bypass the Cape of Good Hope, which led to a significant increase in the distance, directly contributed to the length of the average range of global oil shipments. Second, the success of the United States shale oil revolution since 2009 led to a significant increase in crude oil production, a significant increase in the volume of oil exported from the United States in recent years, and the fact that the beauty oil replaced the demand for Middle Eastern oil in some parts of the Far East, according to data disclosed by companies.
US Gulf-Far East transports more than 2.4 times the range of Middle East-Far East transport, which means that, under the same volume of trade, oil exports generate more than 2.4 times the turnover of crude oil on the mainstream td3c route. Geopolitical events guide investment in oil transport.
In the oil-producing countries, where geopolitical issues have a more complex mechanism for transmitting the impact on industry, initial panics are either priced or improved, but subsequent trends are likely to be divisive, and we believe that the critical point is whether the events actually hit the supply of crude oil. Looking back, whenever geopolitical events have occurred over the past 30 years, it is out of a shortage of potential crude oil.
The fear that the consumer countries might increase the volume of crude oil purchases, and the deteriorating transport conditions would give shipowners a stronger bargaining power than before, triggering movement of prices. But, after a long time, we saw a clear division of the effects of the events on the industry landscape, including the 1991 Gulf War, and the 2003 Gulf War.
The Iraq war, the withdrawal of the United States from the Iran-Iran nuclear agreement in May 2018 (sanctions against Iran and Venezuela), and the attack on the oil tankers in the second half of 2019 all brought up the price increases, but the 2002 Venezuelan oil strike and the 2013 Iranian sanctions brought about a weakening of industry prices, and at the very root we found that once geopolitics supplied crude oil,
There may be a reversal of geopolitical benefits in the form of large shocks, the underlying cause of which is that geopolitics themselves may increase demand for crude oil, but once the supply of crude oil is affected, the industry faces a shortage of goods, geopolitical events are unpredictable and, for investment, events can be considered to be price elastic.
The unpredictability of geopolitical events can be seen in two ways: first, we can't predict when politics will happen, and second, we can't predict how geopolitical events will continue and how they will impact, which are essential to our investment. We start from geopolitical commonalities, because we have a common understanding of the future.
Storage end demand may show similar performance in the aftermath of geopolitical events, and therefore the ability to absorb demand effectively in the current industry is a more effective test mechanism if the price performance is significantly higher than the historical average or if the current industry is already in a tight position, in other words, at the current level of capacity.
In terms of investment, we believe that, although unpredictable, geopolitics are still a reference for investment, mainly in the light of:
In the wake of geopolitical events, the elasticity of freight prices, which is significantly higher than historical levels, may be both highly and continuously expected, with a value for participation.
Since a single Vlcc can contain 2 million barrels of oil, vlcc has the function of moving a warehouse in addition to being a vehicle, while oil has the dual character of a commodity and a financial asset, vlcc may also be a useful tool.
This could lead to a reduction in the effective supply of tankers and a further increase in the climate and possibly an increase in the weather zone; and, when crude oil demand falls, it may take longer for refineries and strategic reserves to digest stocks, and this may lead to a more depressed market for tankers.
Float arbitrage: Once the crude oil futures are raised (contango structure) the risk-free arbitrage can be made by the traders as long as the monthly difference between the spot and futures price is wide enough to cover storage, loss and financial costs, thus leasing the vlcc tanker to store the crude oil spot is common. US$ 100 per barrel, 2 per cent of the financing cost.
United States dollars, with arbitrage available as long as rent levels remain below 4.13 million usd/day. Passive storage of oil: while storage on land has cost advantages, because of the time required for the construction of storage facilities, when there is insufficient room for storage on land, buyers or sellers of crude oil will have to rent Vlcc for storage or sundry.
Overpayment, at a time when the shipowner will have a clear initiative in negotiating the price, we tend to believe that the price will not be significantly lower than the price level of the floating arbitrage, and that the oil-carrying industry will be kept to rest. Moreover, it will increase if it takes advantage of the effective capacity of the less-aged (formerly actively involved in the charter market)
Is the oil industry moving gradually to the right side of the reverse? According to our framework of analysis of prices, the basic surface or base of the oil industry is already in place.
Demand: The world is now emerging from the effects of the epidemic, and the recovery of industrial production and air transport is expected to increase the consumption of crude oil, subject to earlier projections of the impact of the epidemic, and the level of global stocks of crude oil has returned to a relatively low level, followed by demand for replenishments or flashbacks.
We believe that the current high oil price levels indicate that the demand for crude oil is already high and that, as a follow-up to the 21-year average production of 11,102 million barrels per day in the United States of America and 1.2 million barrels per day in the United States of America.
Gradual energy release in oil-producing countries and a gradual recovery in demand for crude oil are expected.
Movement supply: Industry has experienced a high-growth cycle in late 19-20, benefiting from the increased capacity of the shipowners to order their own transport, which has also resulted in a continued large expansion of supply and a further increase in the imbalance between supply and demand in a situation where demand is depressed as a result of the epidemic.
There's still a lot of capacity to deliver, but in 23 years, the supply rate will start to decline. And, in the last year, there have been no new orders for vlcc, and 24-25 years of delivery will probably run at a low rate.
Short-term measures of the strategic road map, introducing the existing ship efficiency index eexi and carbon intensity index cii, spreading emission reduction measures from newly built ships to existing ships, requiring all existing international voyages of 400 gross tonnes and above (limited to the 12 types of ships applicable to eedi), to be implemented with effect from 1 January 2023.
Or it needs to be achieved by limiting engine power, so that even with a significant increase in freight prices in the oil transport industry, the average speed of the industry will not be able to reach the level of the period of the past, which will be the elasticity of the next round: Europe and the United States are both factors that may lead to a further increase in the distance. At this point, Russian oil will be able to do so.
In 2021, Russia’s crude-oil exports amounted to 4,511,000 barrels per day, subject to port conditions and pipeline capacity restrictions, and a large amount of Russian crude oil still transported by sea to all parts of the world, with the EU as one of the main destinations. Since the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, the EU has sought to do so.
By reducing Russian oil imports by more than 90% by the end of this year, this means that Russia needs to find new buyers, and the EU needs to find new sellers. In this way, the flow of Russian oil may shift to the far east, and the EU needs to import oil from the Middle East or North America, far away.
Large-scale expansion of production space, while the increase in oil exports is expected to increase the average range of global oil shipments. Figure 19: eia expects a steady increase in the volume of oil exports by 2025 Business analysis: elasticity of oil transport from foreign trade, domestic trade and lang
In terms of the company’s revenue structure, oil transport operations account for about 90% of the year’s revenue and are the firm’s absolute owner, with the rest being eng and lpg. But, in terms of Maori, the internal trade component of oil transport and ng, lpg operations performed fairly steadily, while the volatility of the external oil transport operations was more pronounced and was the main source of fluctuations in performance.
The cost of tankers consists mainly of depreciation, interest costs, operating costs and shipping costs, but the commonly used tce price indicator is the price that does not include the shipping costs. To calculate the company’s profitability, we take the lead on the tce mouth.
(a) The margin is measured at the vlcc site and we make the following assumptions: (1) reference to the Vlcc shipbuilding price, assuming an average purchase price of $96 million/line for vlcc, depreciation period (3), assuming 70 per cent financing of the ship ' s debts under the company ' s flag and an interest rate of 4 per cent for the financing year;
(4) On the basis of the operating cost of 65% of the depreciated cost, we test the company’s foreign trade tankers for elasticity. The company currently owns 60 vlccs, 48 of which are self-employed and 12 chartered, but the chartered ships are in the pool.
Operating, rent levels are also highly relevant to spot prices, and assuming that chartered ships enjoy two-thirds of the flexibility of their own vessels, it would appear that the company’s 56 vlcc shipments are at a price that fluctuates with the market. Moreover, we assume that the United States dollar will exchange 6.6 to the renminbi; and ship requirements in response to the subsequent environmental conventions.
In theory, the price level is about RMB 1.24 billion per fluctuation over the company’s profit/loss balance point. But in practice, large oil companies tend to pre-contract coa with crude oil producers and traders.
In order to guarantee base gains, shipowners tend not to be able to achieve the full increase when the industry ' s prices are significantly higher than the profit/loss balance. In a conservative sense, we assume that the company fleet gains 80% of the industry ' s transport price fluctuations, the industry will achieve an average annual increase in its performance at the profit/loss balance of US$ 990 million per year.
By the same calculation, the company Suez and Afra have a profit/loss balance of $19,000 and $17,000 per day, together with the company owning six Suez, 17 Afra, with Suez and Avra, and the company will theoretically be able to obtain 1.33 per 10,000 USD per fluctuation over the company ' s profit/loss balance.
Intra-trade oil and lang operations provide security for companies. Intra-trade oil transport, companies are at the forefront of the industry, with more than 90 per cent of the coa ' s source of goods, with a more stable return.
Since then, a series of macro-regulation policies have been put in place for the transport of offshore inter-provincial chemical vessels, liquefied gas vessels, crude oil vessels and finished oil tankers, with the suspension of new operators, the implementation of varying degrees of regulation of the capacity of new vessels in different areas, and because of the relative rigidity of the demand for refineries, shipowners and refineries tend to be more permanent.
The company, a leading company in the field of offshore crude oil and finished oil transport, has maintained a leading industry position and a market share of over 55% in the area of coastal crude oil transport, and has jumped to coastal oil production after the company completed its acquisition of the oil-finished fleet in March 2018.
In terms of ng transport, the company is the leader of eng transport operations in China. The company's full-fledged Shanghai ng and its 50% shareholding clng are the only two large ng transport companies in China today. As of 2021
On 31 December, the company was involved in investing a total of 47 lang ships, all of which were project vessels, with a steady return. Of these, 10,000 cubic metres. In recent years, eng transport operations have entered a steady harvest period with the company ' s involvement in the construction of eng vessels.
The two main lines of business have been relatively stable, and they are ballast in corporate performance. Since 2018, the company has been on track for both operations, with fluctuations in revenue and Māori rates over the period 18-21, but overall figure 22: Intra-company oil and ng transport revenues and Māori rates
Figure 23: Intra-trade and lang operations of companies with a performance-based ballast rock company has a relatively high income profit volatility. Because of the high resilience and periodicity of foreign trade oils, the performance of companies has been more flexible and cyclical, with large variations in the growth rate over the years, without clear rules.
Corporate cash flows are healthy, but subject to the need to upgrade and adapt, and free cash flows are more volatile. Since 2016, companies have maintained a revenue ratio of one and more, while operating cash flows have remained relatively healthy. But the maritime industry, as a heavy asset, needs to be scaled up or renewed.
When there is a need to pay a high amount of cash, the volatility of the enterprise ' s free cash flow is more pronounced. Figure 27: The company ' s fcff is more volatile, the impairment is adequate, and the quality of assets is significantly improved. In January 22, the company announced 94 ships ' assets under the flag.
The allowance for impairments was about RMB 4.96 billion, of which the Foreign Trade Senior Ship Assets Group had reduced the amount by 10,000 yuan, with a very wide range of impairments. Prior to that, although the company’s foreign-trade tankers had been over-adapted at a time point of impairment, the company had not been able to make a steady gain because of the company’s in-house oil-trading operations.
Impairment of assets. This company has made a full impairment on ships based on a Drewry projection of 2022-2026 tce, and we believe that Drewry has become pessimistic about the subsequent shipment price, so that the current impairment is sufficient and the subsequent depreciation costs of the company will decrease accordingly.
Intra-trade oil shipment: Our economy is now gradually emerging from the impact of the new crown epidemic, with higher oil prices and lower stocks expected to boost subsequent domestic demand.
Oil chartering: The company chartering business is divided into intra-trade charterers and foreign trade charterers, of which the intra-trade chartering business is relatively stable owing to the stable pattern of competition, while the renting of foreign trade charterers is of some relevance to the oil tanker market, and the revenue is expected to return with industry tce from 22 years, given the poor performance of industry tce in 2021
External trade in finished oils: The prices of small ships have now improved significantly as a result of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, and since April the prices of the mr have reached almost $45,000 per day. Currently, we expect a continuation of the industry price due to the lack of European refinery capacity and the demand for small vessels for crude oil transport due to Russian port restrictions.
Maintenance at a higher level, assuming that industry tce will remain at 35,000 in 2022-2024. External crude oil shipping: in April, Suez over $70,000 per day, Afra over $90,000 per day, vlcc overflowing from negative to positive, based on our pricing judgement framework
Industry prices are already at the bottom, followed by a gradual marginal improvement. But given that industries are marginal pricing industries, it is difficult to predict when prices will start to change and how flexible they will be upward, so we have made three optimistic/neutral/pessimistic assumptions to analyse industry prices.
1. Optimistic assumption: accelerated shipbreaking in the 2022h2 industry, marked improvement in supply and demand in the industry, supercharged stock consumption double-supplies in demand, vlcc shipment prices starting to reach an average of $35,000 per day per day in 2022 between high weather zones; benefitted from low capacity delivery in 2024, but replenished stock demand or completed, with an average tce down slightly from 2023
2. Neutral assumption: 2022h2 global crude oils opened up to replenish stocks, but the high speed of movement led to insufficient price elasticity in 2022, with an average tce value of $25,000 per day for the year vlcc: 2023, taking into account the rapid decline in capacity delivery and the fact that it is more subject to the environmental requirements of old operations, fully reflected in industry prices,
The annual average value of tce reached $45,000 per day; the year 2024 replenishments were largely completed, but the capacity remained relatively high 3. Pessimistic assumption is that the global average of tce vlcc in 2022, owing to the high elasticity of the oil transport industry, may not vary significantly from one shipment to another, but the profit may be realized at different prices.
For this reason, we have conducted a sensitive analysis of corporate profits under different transport price assumptions. Valuation method: reference to industry average pb in 2013q4, because of the volatility and elasticity of the oil transport industry, absolute valuations and pe valuations are in the way of intra-industry companies or
Not applicable, so we value the company in the pb way from the company’s assets. By historical comparison, we believe that the current time-point industry is located in a relatively similar position to that of q4 in 2013, when the company was still developing in the China Sea, and the historical valuation did not fully reflect the current company’s valuation performance, whereas the country was the only country in the world.
A merchant ship with similar operations still has a larger share of its bulk transport, and the valuation system is more difficult to compare. So we chose the United States stock with a long history of fro, teekay, a comparable company, with a fro’s average pb (mrq) valuation of 1.81 x, and teekay’s average valuation of 2.37 x, with an average value of 2.37 x over the 13q4 period.
The value of the premium, which corresponds to the reasonable value of the pb, is 2.19-2.30 x.a Share: the fundamentals of the oil transport industry have gradually moved to the right, the industry is expected to move towards the upper end of the cycle, the sea is expected to be fully released as the world's largest oil tanker owner, with full profit elasticity, with a neutral assumption that we anticipate
The net profit achieved by the company in 22-24 years was $11.19, 38,78, and 2,586 million (because of the h-equity aspect: company h shares showed short-term weakening of a share, closing as at 26 July, and the pb (mrq) valuation of mid-range marine energy (h) was only 0.78 x, with a premium of 156.7 per cent, which we believe is behind it.
Overseas investors pay more attention to the company’s realized performance, and we believe that as the industry’s fundamentals improve, the company’s performance will be realized, and the arbitrage rate is expected to be repaired, suggesting attention to the relatively higher valuation of h-share investment opportunities and arbitrage opportunities based on the difference in prices.
Because of the limitations of the company’s valuation, we can only use the United States stock company as a reference, while the system of valuation outside the centre may differ considerably, which may lead to an unreasonable valuation of our targets. The oil-carrying industry is a dynamic, flexible industry, and our sensitivity tests fully reflect different prices.
The profit projections in the present report are a judgement of the movement price trends and do not accurately predict the true nature of the movement price changes in the industry. As a marginal pricing industry, short-term price hikes and durations are expected to run throughout the year.
The larger impact of average prices has led to a sharp bias between our profit projections and the actual performance of the company. On the one hand, the global number of international flights declined significantly between 2020 and 2021 as a result of the new crown epidemic, and the segregation of personnel has led to a reduction in road transport demand, which in turn has led to a reduction in the number of international flights between 2020 and 2021.
It affects the demand for oil consumption; on the other hand, high global inflation inhibits economic activity, and the climate of manufacturing has been somewhat affected, leading to a reduction in demand for crude oil. We expect consumption demand to recover as vaccines and special-effect drugs progress, but new energy sources have emerged in recent years.
Rapidly moving, consumer demand is likely to decline significantly from the past – stock demand: current global stocks of crude oil are at a low level, but demand at the end of the inventory may fall short of expectations if countries continue to maintain their own stocks of crude oil.
The industry has a relatively high capacity and a new environmental convention will come into force in 2023, and we expect the industry to be on the verge of a wave of dismantling of old ships, but if the shipowners expect a substantial improvement in shipping prices, shipbreaking may be possible.
In recent years, the environmental policy of imo has been upgraded several times, and the impact on the power of the industry has been more pronounced. Although the marine-energy tanker fleet is relatively young and less affected by environmental policy than the industry, if environmental policy continues to upgrade, it is likely that it will lead to an increase in the capacity of the industry.
The future may also have a greater impact on the efficient transport of sea energy, which in turn may affect the performance of companies, with the risk of excessive costs such as fuel, ports, etc., although companies have reduced fuel consumption by promoting the use of energy-efficient technologies from ships and adopting economic speeds, among other things.
At the same time, fuel procurement supply management has been strengthened, and procurement tools have been enriched to cope with fluctuations in fuel costs, but these measures have only offset some of the effects of fuel price volatility, but they still do not fully cover the risk of fuel price volatility.
Increases do not exclude the possibility of a substantial increase in port charges, and while oil transport is in the freight industry, public health events do not directly affect industry demand, because of crude oil.
In the downstream, the transport sector, such as aviation and automobiles, accounts for a large proportion of the world’s transport sector, with lower mobility leading to poor demand in the sector. Moreover, when public health events impact globally, demand in the manufacturing sector declines, weakening demand in the oil transport sector.
In 2019, coscodalian under the company was subject to United States sanctions, which led to a significant decline in effective operations, and the risk that the company might underperform its geopolitical and war effects if similar incidents did not occur again, which prevented it from fully releasing its effective capacity.
While the geopolitical and war effects of most of history have worked well in terms of prices for the oil industry, if the war has affected global crude oil production, it will lead to a decline in the volume of goods in the industry, which in turn will affect industry demand. Moreover, the conflict in Russia and Ukraine since 2022 has led the EU to stop Russian oil and drive it around the world.
(b) Schedules: Financial forecasts and valuations Author guarantees that the data used in the reports are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author