The industry has turned back, the global energy pipeline has moved far away, and the oil cycle has been established. The industry has continued its pattern of both supply and demand. At the demand side, attention has been paid to filling the reservoirs and the black market fleet.
Since the suspension of the purchase of most of the crude oil from Russia, European buyers are replacing more Russian crude oil. eia projects oil consumption of 9,9.4 million barrels per day, global oil supply of 9,9.8 million barrels per day, expectation of a gradual improvement in oil demand, and occ+ reduction policy.
At the end, it is expected that the volume of seaborne oil trade will rise in synchronous fashion. Demand-side fundamentals are still being supported in the short term. At the supply end, the industry is in a slow growth phase. Vlcc orders have traditionally been smaller, with one. There are currently no Vlcc orders delivered in 2025 or later. At the same time, 2023 began.
By implementing new environmental constraints eexi and cii, environmental policies have become more stringent, and the price ratio of older ships has fallen further. Looking back, there has been an acceleration in demand early in the past, but a weak continuity, with historical levels of activity dependent on the supply side.
Overall, the short-term outlook, with the recent increase in vlcc freight prices, has seen the international oil transport market regress. In the medium term, the optimization of the supply side will remain the main driver of the market’s entry into a new last cycle.
Some of the catalysts for these changes in factors of production, such as the shortage of high-level tanker crews, are: 1) China’s quota increase for the export of finished oils: 2) the advance of demand in winter seasons, concerns about the supply of oil, and the intensification of the import of Russian oil by European countries.
3) The increase in the ton of nautical miles, the increase in the distance from which European crude oil is imported, and the drop in the multiplier effect of the length of the distance, we believe that the oil transport industry is on the same course and that the prices are expected to continue to be high. The Middle and Far Seas can have the world’s largest tanker fleet, its good fleet size and internal size.
The foreign-traded fleet structure is expected to continue to benefit from the high profile of oil shipments. The company ' s 161 tankers, with 23,650,000 heavy tons, are the largest tanker fleet in the world, covering the global mainstream, the largest tanker fleet.
There has been a steady increase in the number of lang ships involved in investment, which has reached 49. The company ' s vlcc fleet, based on fleet profit margin measurements, has been operating at a cost of $10,000 per fluctuation above the company ' s profit/loss balance point, with the company ' s Māori growing by about RMB 1,065 million; and the suezmax fleet is losing.
For each $10,000 fluctuation above the balance point, the company ' s Māori stock grew by about RMB 102 million; for each $10,000 fluctuation above the profit/loss balance point, the company ' s Māori stock grew by about RMB 348 million, with a strong profitability elasticity.
The global economic recovery has fallen short of expectations; the risk of security incidents; and the risk of volatile fuel prices.
History: China Ocean Shipping Group Ltd. is a specialized company for the transport of energy and chemicals such as oil and liquefied natural gas under China Ocean Shipping Group Ltd. The company was founded on 4 May 1994 as the largest coal and crude oil water carrier in the East China region and was founded by the sole Shanghai maritime shipping company.
On 18 July 1997, China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China
In December of the same year, the company changed its name to China Sea Development Co. Ltd. In May 2002, the company issued an additional 350 million shares in the Social Public Unit (a share). In the first half of 2016, the company implemented a major asset restructuring, changing its main business to oil, transport and eng transport operations, and changing its name to Middle and Far Maritime Energy Transport Co. Ltd.
Equity structure: As of mid-2022, the company ' s total equity stock was 4,771 million shares, with the top 10 shareholders holding 3,779 million shares, or 79.21 per cent of the total. The company was effectively controlled by the State Council ' s State Assets Oversight and Management Committee, with the main shareholders and shareholding ratios being China Shipping Group Limited (32.22 per cent of the shares), Hong Kong Central Settlement Limited (26.98 per cent of the shares)
China Ocean Shipping Group Ltd. (12.98% share share) The main operations of China Sea Energy include international and Chinese coastal transportation of crude oil and finished oil, as well as international transport of liquefied natural gas. Based on China’s huge oil and gas import demand, rich domestic and foreign large customer resources, and well-developed industrial chain resources of controlling shareholders
With its excellent management and leading capacity, the Middle and Far China Seas remain at the forefront of China’s oil and gas imports. The group’s fleet is the largest in the world, covering the world’s mainstream tanker fleet, the world’s largest tanker fleet. As of 30 June 2022, the group had 161 tankers with a capacity of 236.5 million tons.
In addition, China ' s lang transport operations are led by China ' s China Long Sea Energy, which is an important participant in the world ' s lang transport market. The group ' s full-time Shanghai lang and 50% of its lang ships are project vessels, with a more stable return.
M; in the construction of 11 lng ships, 1.91 million cubic metres. In the main business, the company’s main business consists of three components: oil for foreign trade, oil for internal trade, and lang for foreign trade. Of these, oil for foreign trade is the core of the company’s revenues (about 47%), but the international oil transport market is more cyclical and the market is more cyclical.
Demand is highly correlated with the global economic cycle, so there is a degree of volatility in the company’s foreign-trade oil revenues. Intra-trade oil transport is public-right level; the firm’s foreign-trade lang business has grown rapidly in recent years and is expected to be a new growth in the company’s performance
Figure 7: Net profit and equal share of non-mortality (in millions of yuan) 2 oil cycle up, industry booming
Oil and natural gas play an important role in the global energy structure and consumption, and are important strategic goods that underpin national economic and social development. Oil and natural gas trade and transport play an important role in the development of the international economy, given the imbalance between the distribution of energy resources, such as oil and gas, and the regions where they are consumed.
Maritime transport is one of the most important modes of transport for the global oil trade. The world’s major crude-oil-importing countries are China, the United States, Europe, Japan, and India: crude-oil exports are concentrated in the Middle East, Russia, West Africa, North America, and Central and South America.
crude oil in the Gulf, via the Straits of Hormuz to the Arabian Sea, to India in the east or to Central Japan in the Strait of Malacca; to the west through the Suez Canal in the Strait of Mande, or around the Cape of Hope to Europe or the east coast of the United States, is one of the world’s most important shipping routes for crude oil.
Oil: Middle-distilled oils dominated by diesel fuel, aviation kerosene and heating kerosene; heavy fuel oils, including bunkers and slag oils; and other petrochemical products such as ethane, lubricant oils. Marine freight for finished oils is primarily responsible for transporting refined products from refineries to consumer countries, with major exporters being Russia, the United States, the Middle East, etc.; major importers are the United States, Singapore, the Netherlands, Australia, etc.
Oil tankers are important means of maritime transport. While the tanker transport industry is more secure than other modes of transport, such as pipeline transport, operating and managing professionals, and investment recovery periods are long, it is the preferred option for international oil transport because of its high transport capacity, its volume, its low freight costs, and its ability to cross the coast. About 80% of the world’s oil is now transported by tankers.
Wheels, where the coatings of the finished tankers are chemically dense enough to withstand the dissolution, infiltration and corrosion of the various types of loadings, can transport crude oil, but the crude tankers cannot transport the finished oil. Currently, the global tankers can be divided mainly into the following categories: oil tankers of the generic type (gp) and medium type (mr); such tankers are small and are generally used for the transport of finished oil at shorter distances;
2. Large tankers (lr): Crude oil and finished oil can be transported simultaneously, divided by weight tonnage into lr1 (55k-85kdwt) and lr2 (85k-125kdwt), while the Avra vessel (africax) is a tanker with heavy tonnage between lr1 and lr2. 3. Huge tankers (vlcc) and super tankers (ulcc): are the main types of tankers for long-range crude oil transport with relatively low freight charges.
There are also Panama-type ships (panamax) designed for passage through the Panama Canal, and Suez-type vessels (suezmax) designed for the Suez Canal.
In addition, with the growing technological and managerial maturity of liquefied natural gas (LNG) ships, natural gas has emerged over the past decade as a clear trend towards a decline in pipeline transport, an increase in eng transport, and a rapid development and a steady return period. Ing ships are internationally recognized as “three-high” products of high technology, high difficulty, and high value added.
Most vessels are bound to specific lang projects (the “project vessels”) and have entered into long-term lease contracts with the parties to the projects to secure steady ship rental and investment gains. 2.2 Re-interpretation of trade cycles
Due to the relatively high share of transport of mid- and long-range marine oil, we are mainly analysing the crude oil transport industry. From the 21st century to the present, it can be seen that the high mismatch between supply and demand in the oil transport industry is the main cause of the large increase in the price of each shipment. The cycles have often been characterized by changes in economic fundamentals or local events stimulating demand that have led to a significant increase in demand, owing to the supply of supplies in the oil transport industry.
There is a lag, which then leads to a mismatch between supply and demand driving up prices, and as oil tanker orders are delivered, supply rises to a balance between supply and demand, and even to oversupply. The first price rise was in the early twenty-first century to 2008, when the rapid growth of the Chinese economy led to demand.
A sustained global economic recovery since the Internet bubble has stimulated demand for crude oil, while rapid economic growth since China joined wto has further boosted demand; in addition, environmental convention restrictions have accelerated the withdrawal of old ships, at a time when tankers are older and most are ageing.
By the end of the year, the price of vlcc had reached a record $204361 per day. The average price for the last round of the run-up was $600 per day. The second run-up was from 2014 to 2015, with economies generally in recession and crude oil in the wake of the financial crisis.
Demand has declined, while crude oil has gone into stock as a result of global easing and the final rise in international oil prices. In 2014, the United States benefited from shale oil extraction technology to leapfrog to the world’s first crude oil exporter. Opec announced an increase in production to maintain its market share, and Brent crude oil declined rapidly from a high of $110 to around $38.
In early 2020, the outbreak led to a sharp decline in global demand for oil, while negotiations on an OEC+ cut-off agreement failed, and Russia and Saudi Arabia were engaged in price wars, with crude oil prices falling for a while.
Falling to a negative level triggers significant stock demand, with the stock of crude oil largely saturated, vlcc being a constant change in United States dollars/day. And, in the third quarter of 2021, zeropec+ production reduction agreements were reached, crude oil prices gradually recovered, demand for oil storage arbitrage decreased, while the epidemic led to low demand for crude oil, pressure on crude oil to destock, and prices kept running low.
Since 2022, the length of oil shipments from the Russian war and the European-American sanctions against Russia have changed the pattern of crude oil trade, with the prices of medium-sized tankers headed by mr having risen significantly since March and maintained high levels. Volcc-tce has remained depressed, with long-term negative prices.
The cyclical evolution of the oil transport industry – industry supply and demand analysis: the international oil transport industry has a strong cyclical nature. In the long run, the economy’s upswing in demand for crude oil will increase the profile of the oil transport industry.
The cyclical nature of the oil transport industry can be considered mainly in terms of the following:
In summary, we can understand the balanced production of crude oil as the sum of consumption demand and inventory demand. Consumer demand: the oil transport industry is concentrated upstream and downstream, often by energy companies and large traders, and downstream.
Mainly large refineries, large traders and strategic reserves of the country. Although the oil industry is a heavy capital industry with some industrial barriers, shipowners often find it difficult to demonstrate a more competitive core of transport services than competitors, and long-standing oversupply patterns have resulted in shipowners having a relatively limited bargaining power over upstream and downstream, with more shipowners at times.
But when the global economy rises, demand for crude oil will improve, leading to increased purchasing will by consumer countries, and international oil prices will move up the road, at which point shipowners are expected to quickly take initiative and boost prices, while demand for consumption will generally continue to improve with a certain degree of continuity, and thus the industry’s climate cycle is relatively high.
In terms of available routes, there are only 19 shipping routes for global crude oil trade, with major trade flows to the Middle East – Far East, Middle East – United States Gulf – Europe, West Africa – Far East, United States Gulf – Far East. India and China are expected to become major importers, global crude oil trade grid 11: Major trade routes for crude oil maritime transport
Replenishment demand: When crude oil prices fall significantly, there is a need for national strategic reserves and refineries to replenish stocks, which would support the total demand for oil shipments to a certain extent. Assuming that oil prices fall to an irrationally low level, there will be a significant increase in demand for refills, and aggregate demand may not rebound. Moreover, strategic reserve demand has been raised since the global oil crisis of the 1970s.
After the accident, crude-oil-consuming countries, in order to ensure energy security, avoided a recurrence of supply-side shocks caused by a shortage of crude oil, a surge in oil prices, and oil-consuming countries’ start of strategic crude-oil reserves. At a time when economies are overheating and stagnating, global crude oil shortages are widespread, crude-oil consumption and international oil prices are at a high level, countries will consume their own strategic reserves to sustain their economies.
In summary, the main driver of the oil-carrying industry is still demand for crude oil, but on this basis account should also be taken of demand at the end of the inventory. Under balanced supply and demand conditions, we can assume that global crude oil production is the sum of demand for consumption and demand for stocks, and can therefore be observed through crude oil production.
On the supply side, the delivery cycle for new tanker orders usually ranges from two to three years, so the supply versus demand in the oil transport industry tends to lag behind, and the industry will experience supply and demand mismatches over a longer period of time, which is also the most significant factor in the volatility of the price cycle - the main factor determining price fluctuations. Although the supply of crude oil is important to the climate of the oil transport industry, it is important to influence the dynamics of the oil transport industry.
Factors, however, are far from enough to judge, and the magnitude of the increase in prices and the time when the prices remain high will have a significant impact on the profitability of the industry. The ability of effective transport to absorb demand is one of the main factors affecting the space and continuity of the movement. As the economy moves up, demand for crude oil is strong, and when it falls, prices will rise significantly, as in the early twenty-first century.
With environmental restrictions limiting the withdrawal of single-hull tankers from the market at a time of historic high prices of around $240,000, and the low economic period, when demand for crude oil repossessed is dominated by a relatively short-duration rise in demand, a contraction in effective capacity can also lead to a more significant peak in prices. Moreover, the high safety requirements in the tanker industry make old ships attractive to mainstream tenants.
By contrast, only 7 of the 34 older ships of 20 years or more are still in service, most of them inactive ships under the owner's flag, and the rest of the ships have been withdrawn from effective capacity. Moreover, the storage function of Vlcc has resulted in a certain gap between effective capacity and industry capacity.
Distance – an important factor affecting supply in the industry. While the role of distance rarely changes significantly in the short term due to the rigidity of the production capacity of the oil-producing countries, when the crude oil-exporting countries and the mainstream routes change, the distance changes dramatically, affecting supply. For example, the Suez Canal closed in the 1960s and 1970s, and the Middle East-European oil tankers need to bypass expectations.
In addition, the breakthrough in US shale oil technology in 2009 led to a significant increase in the volume of crude oil exported by the United States, which replaced the demand for Middle East oil in some parts of the Far East. According to data from the Middle and Far East, the US Gulf-Far East transport distance is more than 2.4 times the Middle East-Far East distance.
Geopolitical factors – important variables affecting the volatility of the oil cycle. First, geopolitical factors can have an important impact on oil prices, which can be further transmitted to oil prices, leading to sharp fluctuations in transport prices. Second, geopolitics may have a direct impact on working power. Moreover, price elasticity can be used as a testing mechanism for the industry ' s climate in the wake of geopolitical events, if prices rise.
Thus, the geopolitical impact on the industry of investment can be seen from the fact that, if the situation in oil-producing countries becomes tense, it will inevitably affect the supply of the oil transport industry, which may benefit from investing in it, and from the elasticity of the prices of the oil-producing countries following the events.
High transport elasticity suggests a more sustainable operation of high transport prices. Float accumulation - a magnifying agent for viewing in the oil-carrying industry - can load about 2 million barrels of oil on a vessel vlcc. vlcc has storage power in addition to serving as an oil-carrying tool.
Yes, and oil has the dual attributes of goods and finance, so vlcc can also be a arbitrage tool. Floating oil is a magnifying factor for the gas climate in the oil industry. When oil demand rises significantly, it reduces the effective supply of tankers, and the climate is likely to increase further, and industry is likely to increase; and when demand for crude oil falls, it is a floating tank.
Longer inventory digestion, and longer periods of low-prevalence in the tanker industry. 2.3 The re-engineering of global supply chains has accelerated the re-emergement of industries, although recovery from inflationary pressures on the global economy is weak, the European-Russian decoupling oil is expected to reshape global oil.
The pattern of trade is conducive to the increase in the volume of maritime oil trade. Eia projects oil consumption of 9.9.4 million barrels per day, global oil supply of 99.8 million barrels per day, the expectation of a gradual improvement in oil demand and the end of the Occ+ reduction policy are expected to boost the simultaneous recovery of maritime oil trade. On the supply side of power and demand, the demand for crude oil tankers increased in 2022, based on a forecast by clarksons.
6.2% of the supply increased by 4.6%, of which Vlcc demand increased by 5.9% and the supply increased by 5.8%; the demand for finished tankers increased by 7.2%; the concentration of ships ageing and environmental constraints on the growth of new ships and the dismantling and withdrawal of old tankers, with the potential for the immediate market to maintain low growth and guarantee industry elasticity.
The level of over $200,000 per day demonstrates its high elasticity, as well as evidence that the effective capacity of the current industry has become more strained. On the supply side, the projected annual growth rate for tankers is 3.7%, with 22 deliveries expected in the second half of Vlcc, which will remain at a relatively high level of 5.8% throughout the year.
Driven by low-carbon industrial development and industrial environmental policies, environmentally friendly clean fuel ships are operational, and older ships are out of the market.
The demand for tanker power will continue to be driven by the re-establishment of oil trade brought about by Europe’s decoupling from Russian energy. In the recent past, the Atlantic market’s dynamism has attracted more vlcc ships, resulting in a more balanced overall layout of the vlcc than in the past, accompanied by strong confidence on the part of the shipowners, and a marked rise in transaction prices.
The demand for finished tankers, driven by positive factors such as fuel supply shortages and long distances, is expected to maintain high performance. The stock cycle is directly related to the vlcctce.
Overall, in the short-term outlook, the international oil market has returned to full swings with the recent increase in the price of vlcc. In the medium term, the optimization of the supply side will continue to be the main driver of the market’s entry into the last cycle of the new cycle.
Catalysts for late-stage developments include: 1) China’s increased quota for the export of finished oils: 2) the advance of demand during the winter season, concerns about the supply of oil, and increased import of Russian oil by European countries; 3) the increase in the number of tons of nautical miles, the increase in the range of European crude oil imports, and the drop in the multiplier effect of the length of the shipment, which will have the effect of increasing demand.
3 Foreign trade oil transport contributes elasticity, domestic trade and lang transport constructs “safe mats” 3.1 Foreign trade oil transport: fully benefiting from the boom recovery Middle and Far Sea capacity as the largest international oil tanker owner, vlcc size is at the forefront of the world, benefiting from the boom and, if not,
The company is the world’s largest shipowner, according to the size of its capacity, and as of 30 June 2022 it owned and controlled 161 tankers with a capacity of 23,650,000 heavy tons, of which 155,206 million were self-propelled, 6 were leased and 1.59 million were leased. According to the Vlcc capacity, the company was free to operate 49 and leased 5 vlcc.
The company’s oil-for-trade operations have been cyclical with the market in recent years. The market was extremely low in the three quarters of 2018, and it began to warm in four quarters. The gross rate of foreign-trade oil transport fell significantly in 2018, with 86.6 million freighted out of foreign-trade oils.
In 2019, the oil-carrying market surged, with an average annual price of approximately $42,000 per year, rising by billions over the same year, with a loss of 8.4 per cent, and a collapse of the international oil-carrying market in the first half of 2020. A significant increase in production in 0pec+ in March led to higher demand for oil in March, following which prices rose to $180,000 per day, a decline in production in the Occ+ agreement in May and a recovery in oil prices.
Prices have returned to normal levels. Asian oil demand recovered gradually in the second half of the year, but recovery from overseas has been slow and overall oil demand has decreased. Revenue from external trade was $9,574 million in 2020, an increase of 30.79 per cent over the previous year. The oil market was once again depressed in 2021, dragging off offshore sea-energy international oil operations. In 2021, the company ' s revenues from international oil operations fell by $5.8 billion, or 40 per cent; the loss was $1.2 billion.
In the first half of 2022, the company’s foreign-trade tanker fleet completed its foreign trade oil transport revenue of RMB 3,945 million, an increase of 1.2 percentage points. In the first half of the year, the company reduced its capacity to invest in traditional markets, and, according to the prediction of market opportunities in different regions, the Vlcc fleet seized the market’s milestones, and the Atlantic region’s cargo-carrying day.
This represents an increase of 4.9 percentage points. Meanwhile, 11 self-employed lr1 ships have developed a certain size advantage, increasing their revenue-earning transport capacity; newly signed Coa contracts have targeted the source of the goods and are fully engaged in the Northeast Asian return cargo, building the Grand Triangular Line for the lr fleet, Singapore, Middle East, Far East; Australian routes have been regularized, moving west into East Africa, Europe, route structure and client groups
Figure 14: Revenues from oil plates for foreign trade and the same ratio (millions of dollars) Figure 15: Māori rates for oil shipments for foreign trade, we test the Māori elasticity of the company’s foreign trade tanker operations. The company currently owns 54 vlcc units, of which it owns.
If we assume that chartered ships enjoy two thirds of their own ship elasticity, we can look like a company with a total of 52 Vlcc billion dollars, with an additional cost of about US$ 10 million per vessel plus an eng fuel system, at a total price of US$ 119 million.
The operating days are 350 days and the fuel consumption is based on 50 tons per day at a price of $357 per ton of high sulphur oil, 25 years for single ships, 70 per cent for ship financing loans, and 7 per cent for ship financing loans. The balance of single ship gain/loss is $35275 per day for new shipbuilding. Furthermore, we assume that the United States dollar will be 6.5 to the renminbi, and that large oil companies will often be associated with the original.
Oil producers and traders pre-arrange coa contracts to guarantee base gains, so that when industry prices are significantly higher than the profit/loss balance point, shipowners tend not to be able to capture the full increase and enjoy 90 per cent elasticity of industry price fluctuations, whereas theoretically, the price level is about RMB 1,065 million per fluctuation above the company ' s profit/loss balance point, and the company ' s Māori increase is about RMB 1,065 million, the elasticity is about 10,000 yuan.
The company ' s Vlcc fleet is expected to contribute RMB 886 million per year at the latest lease rate of $43,597 per day.
With regard to inland oil transport, companies are well established in the industry, with more than 90% of the coa ' s source of goods, with a more stable return. Unlike international oil transport, the Ministry of Transport has exercised stronger control over the healthy development of the domestic water transport market. Since 2011, a series of macro-regulation policies have been put in place for the transport of offshore inter-provincial chemical vessels, liquefied gas vessels, crude oil vessels, and finished oil tankers, and new ones have been suspended.
Increased ownership, varying degrees of regulation of the capacity of new ships in different areas, and the fact that owners and refineries often have longer-term relationships because of the relative rigidity of the demand for them, has led to a relatively good pattern of competition in our domestic oil trade. Companies are leading companies in the shipping of marine crude oil and finished oil, which have grown steadily over the years.
51.21 million tons, a 0.5 per cent increase over the same period; the company completed the acquisition of the oil-finished tanker fleet in March 2018, the company epidemic in 2018, and the consumption of oil finished in 2020q1 was low, forced into the low season of foreign trade oil, but the q2 and q3 domestic epidemic was brought under control, the economy warmed back, and the transport of crude oil from domestic trade continued to recover. In 2021, the company generated $5.7 billion in revenues from its domestic oil-trading operations, a year-on-year increase.
5%; gross profits of 1.5 billion yuan, a decrease of 1% from the same year. The small decline in profits was mainly due to the decline in China’s crude oil imports, which affected the country’s oil transition. In the first half of 2022, the internal oil and gas transport market remained generally stable, with an increase of RMB 2,954 million, or 6.6%, in revenue from the completion of the internal oil and gas transport; the transport of RMB 720 million, a decrease of RMB 173 million from the same year; and the gross domestic product rate of 24.2%, a decrease of RMB 173 million from the same year.
By 7.8 percentage points. Companies lock in more than 90% of their base sources through coa contracts with multiple core customers;  secure market share, with the share of the internal crude oil transport market accounting for about 57%. Compared to the international oil transport market, the internal oil transport market is relatively balanced in terms of power supply and demand, market aggregates are relatively stable, and prices are more stable. In the overall business structure of the company, the coast (internal) is more stable.
The overall level of revenue from oil transport operations is stable, less affected by geopolitical risks, and is a “security cushion” for the company’s performance. 3.3lng Transport: The outlook for trade remains optimistic.
The abbreviation of gas chemical gas (licquefiednaturalgas) is formed by gas liquefied under ultra-low temperatures (163°c), with a volume of 1,625 gas of the same mass. Natural gas liquefied can save a significant amount of storage space. At the transport chain, lang transports at sea account for more than 80% of the world ' s lang shipments.
Gas Investment Ltd. (Shanghai lang) and China Liquefied Natural Gas Transport (Consumption) Ltd. (Clng), which holds 50% of the shares, are the only two large lang transport companies in China today. At present, ng transport finance and technical barriers are high, as the industry is more concentrated, and the longlines tend to protect the river.
Corporate lang operations have been growing steadily in recent years. In 2018, the company lang transport operations continued to expand rapidly, with a total of 26 participating ships, 4.35 million cubic metres of ling being operational during the year, and eng plate profits of RMB 410 million before tax contributions, an increase of 72.9 per cent over the previous year. In 2019, pre-tax profits increased significantly with the progressive delivery of the lang fleet.
In 2020, the eng transport operation accelerated the harvest period and, as countries further pursued their decarbonization targets, the power and industry sectors were involved in investing 41 ng ships at the end of the year, all tied to specific lang projects.
The net profit was 660 million yuan, an increase of 4 per cent in the same year, and the return was robust. In the first half of 2022, the company ' s lng transport plate contributed to the mother ' s net profit of 383 million yuan, an increase of 41 million yuan in the same year.
In 2022, global ng trade is expected to reach 392 million tons, an increase of 5.4% over the same period, which will continue at high prices in the short term, affecting in part Asia’s demand for ng procurement, some of which has been replaced by traditional fuels, such as coal. But Europe’s strong demand, coupled with the collapse of the United States Freeport lang terminal, and the disruption of supply in other regions, will result in a loss of supply.
In the medium-to-long term, ng trade prospects remain optimistic. The current global LNG production capacity is about 462 million tonnes/year, projected to reach almost 747 million tonnes/year in 2027, with an average annual compound growth rate of nearly 10%.
Twenty-five ng supply agreements, 22 of which were signed with the United States lang export project, amounting to approximately 29 million tonnes/year, are expected to increase in the second half of the year. At the same time, more ng export projects, which were postponed from 2020 to 2021, are expected to reach a final investment decision in the second half of the year 2022.
Pre-locking power. 4 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendation 1) Foreign Trade Oil Transport: Depending on new ship orders and willingness to build ships, we assume that industry vlcc orders will stay slow for the next three years
Assuming that the stock will be replenished by the end of 2022, the industry will accelerate the dismantling of ships and old shipments in 2023, we believe that the oil industry will continue to operate at a high price, and that prices are expected to remain high. The Middle and Far Sea can have the world’s highest-class tanker fleet, and its good fleet size and internal foreign trade combined fleet structure are expected to continue from the height of the oil.
The company has 161 tankers, 236.5 million heavy tons, the largest tanker fleet in the world, covering the world’s main current, and the largest tanker fleet. The lang fleet has grown steadily and the number of lang ships involved in investment has reached 49. Based on fleet elastic calculations, the company’s Vlcc fleet is operating at a level at the company’s profit/loss balance point.
For each of the above fluctuations of $10,000, the company ' s Māori stock grew by about RMB 1,065 million; the suezmax fleet grew by about RMB 102 million per fluctuation at the profit/loss balance point; and the aframax fleet grew by about RMB 348 million per fluctuation at the profit/loss balance point, with high profitability.
Shipping for bulk resources, such as oils and liquefied natural gas, will be affected more by macroeconomic fluctuations. When macroeconomics are high, demand for bulk resources will increase rapidly, thus increasing the demand for such products; but when macroeconomics are depressed, the need for shipping for such goods will inevitably be affected.
Events, etc., can cause volatility in the shipping industry. (2) International political and economic risks
Fragmentation, etc., can cause uncertainty in the global economy and can have an impact on the supply and demand and prices of global energy transport markets. When geopolitical events, such as localized conflicts, are more ambivalent, they can also affect the safe operation of the company’s fleet.
Freight prices are one of the central factors determining the level of profitability of companies, which can, to some extent, avoid the risks posed by fluctuations in freight costs in the shipping market by increasing the stability of freight prices by signing coa contracts with large oil companies, raising the proportion of inland oil shipments or establishing joint ventures. However, price fluctuations may still have a greater impact on operations.
(4) Fuel price volatility risks The largest share of the company’s main operating costs is fuel. In recent years, the price of crude oil in the international market has fluctuated more, and the price of bunker oil has fluctuated more, and is likely to burn as new domestic and international requirements for ship emissions are updated and increased.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, fair, and the findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.