It's time to actually theupcombatingboomcycle 5august2022.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Firststintheldwithamarketshareof 3.9% in2021.asperdwtof-ownedvlcc, Chinamerchantsergyship (cmes) and firststratendsddingthe worldmarkshareof6% and 5.6%respactly (thepossibilitythatfrontfrontierand)
.csetmainlyengagesinlng transfer and thetransportationofcrudeolandproductoalongthecoastofchina marketdata
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}globalcrudeoilportation Businesseseaboumcynichenhentextfeewyearswith optimized sublyandtabledemand.supply:averageofcurrentoiltankersbecomesvery available, andotheratiooflyoredvlccsintheindustryto
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Inthelongrun, demandofinternationalcrudeiltransportation
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, and working the Short-termoiltransportdemand.
I'm sorry, wewouldlinkoacknowledge ofships (1983&2002) andwentintorecessionafterdeliveryflargenemofships theconstrutionandssupport
.comparing the tankermarketin 2007 with thatoseatpresentaspermaritime providedby (runzeli) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Weakerthanthe "boom" in 2007andsomewherebetween "fair" and "prosperous".
Mid-Range Sea Energy (600026), taking advantage of the eastward winds of the boom cycle.
Chen Weibin  the lead company in the global tanker and eng transport industry: as of 31 December 2021, the company was the world ' s largest tanker owner, with a market share of 3.9 per cent.
Shipships and mid-ocean energy hold the first and second loads of Vlcc in the world, with a market share of 6% and 5.6%, respectively. (Frontline and euronav, oil tanker owners, have a combined capacity, which, if successful, would affect the current ranking.) The company's main business includes crude oil products from foreign trade.
Oil transport, internal crude oil and finished oil transport, and eng transport. The company’s profit elasticity comes mainly from the external crude oil transport business, ng transport operations, insider crude oil and the transport of finished oils, which contribute to a more stable Māori industry, which is expected to be able to pay in 2022 due to an upswing in the atmosphere at the beginning of the year.
▪ The supply side is expected to improve gradually, the demand side is expected to remain stable, and the external crude oil transport operation is expected to enter the upward cycle in the coming years: the supply side: the current oil tanker is ageing in depth, the oil transport industry has set a new vlcc ratio to the 15-year-old vlcc ratio, which is historically low, and future orders.
There is a clear trend towards improved supply of tankers in the future, owing to the fact that global ship-building platforms are less securely scheduled and more environmentally friendly than ever before, and the willingness of shipowners to book ships is being reduced. On the demand side: in the medium and long term, the demand for international crude oil transport follows a steady increase in global demand for crude oil. According to Druri, the demand for international crude oil transport has increased steadily.
Global demand for tons of marine oil is projected to grow robustly over the next five years, rising to about 10.5 trillion tons in 2026. In the short term, the marine bunkers are gradually returning to normal levels, and the global crude oil presence has some capacity to replenish and boost short- and medium-term oil transport requirements.
▪ Based on the historical cycle review, we believe that the current cycle is likely to be between good and prosperous, and that it may be weaker than the 2007 boom: from the history of ship delivery and dismantling in 1963-2007, the years in which large numbers of ships are dismantled will generally be followed by better ones.
There were a large number of ship deliveries that were basically at the end of the line. Oil tanker ship delivery bubbles appeared in 1973 and 2007, and oil operations then went into depression; while large ships were scrapped between 1983 and 2002 and oil operations then boomed.
We compare the 2007 oil performance with the current trend in demand growth and supply trends, considering that the current trend is likely to be between good and prosperous, and
Li Yun Ze has contributed significantly to this paper, and is likely to be less prosperous than in 2007.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company is the largest tanker owner in the world, operating at a level of governance
Excellent. At a time when crude oil transport is expected to warm up gradually, we predict that the company 2022-- it runs the risk of competing modes of transport, that the supply of tankers has not improved as expected, and that the price of oil has fluctuated.
China-China Ocean Shipping Group Ltd., a specialized company operating under China Ocean Shipping Group Ltd. for the transport of energy and chemicals such as oil and liquefied natural gas, was developed by China-China in 2016 in the context of the merger of China-China into China-China Maritime Group (China-China Group-controlled Sea-Hing vessel, renamed in 2009)
In 2016, China and China joined China and China to become a maritime group, China and China.
The group, which changed its name after taking control of the ship, acquired China Sea lang in 2009 and removed the dry bulk business from Dalian Ocean to become a medium-range sea energy provider, working to become a full-scale energy transport programme solver, providing full shipship for customers, globalisation, figure 1: the history of the company.
The company ' s major shareholders are the China Ocean Shipping Group, which together holds about 45.28 per cent of the shares and has a clear equity structure. In addition, the fleet ' s two industry capital holdings, as of 2022q1, stood at 1.8 per cent and 0.9 per cent, respectively, underscore confidence in the company ' s long-term development.
The company’s main operations include the transport of crude and finished oil, internal and domestic crude oil and finished oil, and lng transport, as well as other operations such as the leasing of oil tankers for internal and external trade. The company’s past profit elasticity and carrying tons are mostly derived from crude oil for foreign trade.
Vlcc (super-large oil tankers), ng transport operations and inland trading of crude and finished oils contribute more stable Māori, and the external trade of finished oils is expected to make a better return in 2022 due to an earlier boom in the year. In addition to the tce level of Vlcccctd3 and td5, the ctfi composite index is also the company ' s core business observation guide.
Each year, it accounts for about 63% of all company routes, with the remaining routes being in the Atlantic region of West Africa -- the Far East (td5) and the United States of America. The ctfi is based on 60% weight of the Middle East -- Ningbo -- and 40% weight of West Africa -- Ningbovlcc, so, in addition to the tce levels of Vlcctd3 and td5, the ctfi composite index can also better reflect the company’s core business.
It's about 10.5 years. Of this total, the company owns and rents a total of 60 Vlccs, 1.83 million tons, representing 71.5% of the total fleet of the company, and the average age of the ship is not more than 10 years. In addition, the company owns and rents in Suez, Ave.
By 31 December 2021, the company was the largest tanker ship owner in the world, with a market share of 3.9% and a market share of 22.5% of the tanker fleet owned and controlled.
See that merchant ships have vlcc in the first and second places in the world, with shares of 6 per cent and 5.6 per cent, respectively, and cr10 in 41.8 per cent (taking into account the fact that the merger between frontline and euronav has not been completed). (Hong Kong)
1.4. Foreign trade oil transport operations are at the bottom of the cycle, and the financial situation is being held back The company’s operating data increased in the first quarter of 2022. The volume of internal oil transport traffic increased by 8 to 11.2 billion nautical miles per year and by 10 to 22.18 million tons per year; the volume of external trade oil transport was increased by 26 to 136.3 billion per year
A ton of nautical miles, with an increase of 20 to 23,560 tons on a year-to-day basis. The transport turnover is increasing at a certain speed above that of a certain distance to respond to the impact of the world ' s geopolitical influences, and in the first quarter of 2022, the transport distance for crude oil and finished oils is significantly prolonged, with the bulk of the finished oils being transported at a much longer distance, with the volume of transport going up to 13 per cent more than the same speed as the volume.
The average td6 (Black Sea-Mediterranean) route for the Suez tanker amounted to $40,709 per day, while the price for the Vlcc shipment rose slightly but remained at the bottom, while the average tce for the Vlcctd3c (Middle East-China) route remained only -$7348. Corporate cost controls were robust, and efficiency gains were evident.
Fees, crew fees, ship charters and port charges, 10.93, 6.49, 4.77, 4.83 and a certain amount of cost pressure on companies in the first quarter of 2022. Cost rates are well controlled and declining. Management costs of 2022q1 are very well managed. Corporate receivables are declining steadily, while turnover of receivables is rising.
Although the share of accounts receivable rose slightly in the first quarter of 2022, it is still within reasonable range. Moreover, companies have been listed to maintain a positive operating cash flow, reflecting an excellent level of business governance.
On the supply side, oil tankers are ageing in depth, new orders are low, and there are inadequate platforms, and environmental constraints limit the speed of the ship’s future supply. On the demand side, Druri predicts a steady increase in global demand for tons of marine oil over the next five years.
The shipping market has a core supply and demand influence on both sides of the demand side: the world economy, commercial maritime transport needs, average distance, event shocks, and transport costs. The core supply side influences include the number of global fleets, the number of global fleets, and the cost of transportation.
The efficiency and load of ships, ship-building capacity, ship delivery and dismantling, and profit from shipping have generally been followed by better years of ship dismantling in the history of ship delivery and dismantling in 1963-2007, and by a large number of ship deliveries that are essentially at the end of the line.
Looking ahead to the city, we believe that the margin of movement is likely to be between good and prosperous, and that it may be weaker than the 2007 boom. Based on the characterization of supply trends, demand growth rates, and performance levels for the historical multi-wheel supply cycle in the Maritimeeconomics, we put the oil performance in 2007 and the current rate of demand growth and supply trends at the same time at the same time.
At this point in comparison, it is considered that the range is likely to be between good and prosperous and may be weaker than in 2007 when the supply end of crude oil transport for foreign trade may continue to grow in the short term, but the trend towards improvement in the medium to long term is more definite in terms of the effective transport of international crude oil than in the general concern that the current ship structure of tankers, shipbuilding capacity, dismantling and handover
There are such factors as payments, new orders, and speed. The current depth of the tankers is ageing, the new vlcc ratio between the oil industry and the volume of vlcc over 15 years of age is historically low, and future orders are difficult to secure owing to the high global scheduling of shipbuilding platforms, as well as environmental constraints that limit speed and reduce the willingness of shipowners to book ships, and there is a clear trend towards improved future supply of tankers.
2.1.1. The depth of ageing tankers, the low level of oil activity, the suppression of new orders, the depth of ageing of the global tankers, and the value of the new vlcc compared with the number of vlccs older than 15 years of age in the oil industry are historically low. The global tankers are in a state of deep ageing, with the global fleet of tankers older than 15 years of age operating.
Over 30%, the capacity of the Vlcc fleet over 15 years of age is close to 25%, 60 Vlcc over 20 years of age are close to 7%, the lifetime of the tanker is about 20 years, and ships of 15 years of age and over are expected to be dismantled over the next few years. The oil industry ' s new target of vlcc over 15 years of age is historically low compared to the number of vlcc over 15 years of age.
Up to the start of the last round of the oil pipeline in 2001, which shows that the future supply of Vlcc is expected to continue to improve, the downside of tankers has led to a low willingness on the part of shipowners to book ships. After a long time in the bear market, most tanker owners are not able to cover capital costs for new ships, and the prices of vlcc are still low, despite the warming of the finished oil.
The owner’s willingness to order new tankers is weak, and new orders for containers and eng carriers are higher because of the prevailing conditions for the gathering and eng transport. Moreover, the saturation of shipbuilding capacity limits the growth of forward capacity. Most of the core shipyards are occupied by containerized ships and eng ships, and the order schedule is very full, and long-term supply growth for tankers is difficult to secure.
The ship delivery schedule is getting longer and longer, with most of the contract delivery for new ships worldwide in April 2021 going up to 2023 (62% of cgt), about a quarter to 2024 and beyond. Most of the small shipyards take over are low-mori orders from the longboat factory, which are more full than the small shipyards, and the Chinese shipyards run to the east.
In 2025, the new era ' s ship-building schedule reached 2026. 2.1.2. Environmental degradation has led to accelerated ship-breaking and limited speed, and effective capacity will continue to weigh the current ship industry against the environmental constraints of carbon reduction.
(mepc) At its 75th session, the International Maritime Organization (IMO) approved annex vi on short-term measures to reduce emissions in the shipping industry, such as the existing ship energy efficiency index (eexi), carbon intensity index (cii), carbon intensity rating and enhanced ship energy efficiency management plan. The International Maritime Organization (imo) approved short-term emission reduction measures (eexi/cci) in November 2020, and
According to Clarkson, 74% of oil tankers and dry bulk carriers that do not meet eexi are in need of host power restrictions, and 34% of them are in need of host power restrictions.
Sixteen per cent of ships have carbon emissions above 10 per cent of the compliance line that need to be dismantled and recovered, 12 per cent have carbon emissions above 5-10 per cent of the compliance line that need to be operated at an accelerated rate, and 12 per cent have carbon emissions above 0.5 per cent of the compliance line that require the installation of energy-saving technologies (ests) such as propelling fluids, rudder balloons, rotary-wing sails, kites and air lubricants.
According to Clarkson, short-term supply may be positive, and short-term supply may still be increasing in the medium and long-term in the oil industry. We believe that the main reason for short-term supply growth is that oil movements in 2020 gave the owners of crude oil a breathing opportunity to optimize the fleet structure, but since 2021
There are no new Vlcc orders after June until January 2022. We believe that the current tanker is ageing in depth, that the oil industry has set a new vlcc ratio to the 15-year-old vlcc ratio, and that future orders are less secure due to the global build-up of the shipboard, and that environmental protection is increasing speed limits, and that the supply pattern of the oil industry is improving in the medium to long term.
Figure 24: Vlcc Delivery and Dismantling and Projections
The market view is that the lifting of Iranian crude oil will lead Iran to increase its supply from the market. We believe that it will have an impact in the early stages of the lifting, but as a large part of the Iranian tankers are deeply ageing and continue to operate in Iran and Venezuela, for example, the Iranian tankers will enter the market.
Since environmental protection and economic competitiveness are difficult to compete enough to enter dismantling, and the supply side will then clear up a batch of Vlcc, we believe that the event has no significant impact on the overall supply of the industry. 2.2. The demand for crude oil transport for foreign trade is boosted by the need to replenish the reservoir in the short term and is expected to grow steadily in the medium to long term.
In the medium-to-long term, the demand for international crude oil transport follows a steady increase in global demand for crude oil consumption. According to Drew, global demand for tons of oil is projected to grow robustly over the next five years, rising to about 10.5 trillion tons in 2026.
About two thirds of global crude oil trade is by sea, mainly produced and exported from countries such as North America, the Middle East, and the Commonwealth of Independent States to core consumer countries such as Asia-Pacific, North America, and Europe. In the medium to long term, the demand for international crude oil transport follows a steady increase in global demand for crude oil.
At the same time, according to Druri's projections, global demand for tons of marine oil is projected to grow steadily over the next five years. Figure 27: Major areas of global crude oil production and consumption: Figure 26: Global crude oil trade routes
Figure 28: Global demand for tons of marine freight is projected to increase steadily over the next five years Figure 29: Global consumption of crude oil is projected to rise steadily over the next two years 2.2.2. Short-term demand: marine bunkers are gradually returning to normal levels, and there is a large reservoir space for global crude oil
As the oil tanker Vlcc can be used as a storage tank at sea, oil hoarding can profitably boost the demand of vlcc when crude oil prices maintain the contango (uplifting) structure, and as crude oil prices are seen to be less and less, releasing vlcc is re-entering the market to increase the supply of power. At the beginning of 2020, crude oil prices were increased by the outbreak.
The fall reflects a contango structure, with global crude oil bunkers rising to over 200 kbpd, and vlcc-tce’s highest freight prices rising to over $100,000/day. Maritime bunkers are gradually returning to normal levels, and there is some room for global crude oil to replenish, bringing demand for oil in the short and medium term.
The current global crude oil bunker release has gradually returned to normal levels. In addition, the global oecd crude oil stock is at a historically low level of 2,601 million barrels, while the average stock level for 2015-2019 has remained at about 2.93 billion barrels, and in the context of high crude oil prices and tight supply conditions, the global crude oil has a relatively large reservoir space, leading to short- and medium-term oil shipments.
2.3. The International Oil Transport Cycle Recompires and Outlooks, which examined the 1945-2008 tanker market cycle, summarized cycle 1 (1945-1951): post-war recovery of demand but scarcity of tanker tonnage and therefore high oil prices
It began to rise and began to decline after the peak in 1947, until the fall of 1950, when the peaceful cycle of 2 (1952-1955): the 1951 Korean war triggered a global panic over the shortage of goods, which led to a wave of hoarding and a 16 per cent increase in the volume of maritime trade a year, but the peak lasted only one year, until spring 1952.
In June of that year, Pound110,000 rose to Pound500,000 in December 1951 and fell back to Pound230,000 in December 1952. In 1953-1954, the market became more depressed, and only gradually improved until the fall of 1954. Cycle 3 (1957-1966): 1956 was called the most interesting year in the history of the oil transport industry, in this case.
After the closure of the Canal in 1956, oil tankers had to switch to the Cape of Good Hope, thus raising the price of oil rockets. During Egypt’s year of taking over the Canal, long-term contracts were signed, while the Canal was gradually restored, the oil market collapsed, and long-term high prices were contracted.
The oil-ship market has since operated lowly, and the larger ships that were modernized between 1958 and 62 have not been profitable, owing to excessive ship construction, more loads and faster ships and economic recessions, but the central reason is the supply end, where new ship-building deliveries in the strong market of 1955-1956 have reached record highs.
Cycle 4 (1967-1972): until 1967, the Suez Canal was dramatically shut down for the second time, and the oil transport market was warmer, but the supply-side was less flexible than it was in 1967. But the third Middle East war and the Suez Canal closure marked the beginning of prosperity for the shipowners, especially the tankers, because crude oil was passing through Suez at that time.
Canal transports the largest volume of goods. This boom is also reinforced by geopolitical influences such as the industrial trading cycle and the destruction of pipelines, but at the heart of it is booming industrial trade, which grew by 78% from 1.807 billion tons in 1966 to 3,233 million tons in 1973, and the capacity to build ships has not even kept pace with demand growth, despite the 1971 economy.
The recession was short-lived, and oil operations reached a new peak in 1973, even with the 1900 voyage, with a smooth doubling of the price of vlcc. Cycle 5 (1973-1978): after the Fourth Middle East War in 1973 (the Yom Kippur War), the tanker market
Beginning to collapse, the period of depression lasted until 1978, and in 1977 there were more oil tanker owners at risk. There was a brief improvement in the tanker market in 1979, but with the large number of shipbuilding in the 1970s, the tankers were oversupplyed and the shipbuilding capacity was abundant, while the Iranian revolution led to a sharp increase in oil prices and reduced the demand for crude oil transport, and the oil transport market was heavy.
Rewinding back. Cycle 6 (1979-1987): During this period, oil performance continued to be low, with the price of ws from the Arabian Gulf-European continent having been reduced to 17 points in April 1983, many of the newer ships having been scrapped and the owners of the tankers having been bankrupt.
Disappeared, in 1985, the oil-ship market was in a low mood to ice point. Cycle 7 (1988-2002): 1988-1989, the tanker market ushered in a better period of profit, but not as booming as expected.
The boom was mainly due to three expectations: first, that ships built in large numbers in the 1970s would need to be dismantled in close to 20 years of age; second, that the capacity of the shipbuilding industry would shrink in the 1980s and that the ship renewal order would further reduce the number of empty platforms; and, third, that the demand for long-distance oil shipments from the Middle East was growing. But none of those expectations was met, with the build-up of excess ships in 1970.
In the mid-1990s, the capacity to build ships doubled, from 15 million to 30 million tons; and exports from the Middle East were not as fast as expected, mainly because of technological innovation, leading to an increase in short-range oil shipments. As a result of the large number of oil tankers delivered, the market was depressed from early 1992 to 1995.
The crisis came back, with tanker prices falling from $37,000 per day to less than $10,000 per day in 1999. However, the shipping market was always unexpected, with Asian economies returning to rapid growth after only a few months of recession, while oil tankers built in the 1970s entered a real phase of scrapping and their supply grew very slowly, reaching Vlcc in December 2000.
But, in 2000, the sconet bubble hit the economy, with oil cycle 8 (2003-2007): During this period, China began to develop its economy vigorously and to open up actively to the outside world. Since the beginning of 2003, China has opened large-scale infrastructure development, accompanied by huge crude oil imports and exports, and transport demand.
The boom has made the supply of tankers extremely scarce, with prices remaining high in 2003-2007. Figure 32: Revising the historical cycle of oil transport, 1947-2008. Core factors influencing supply and demand in shipping markets: core factors influencing demand at the demand end include the world economy, the commodity seas.
Transportation needs, average range, event shocks, and transport costs. Detailed global economic growth and average range increase benefits for good oil transport demand; maritime demand for crude oil not fully aligned with demand for crude oil consumption in the short term, for example, core crude oil-consuming countries have reduced demand for crude oil trade through their own shale oil production; and events shocks often affect distance and maritime trade demand, packages.
Most of the events over the past 60 years have been positive for oil operations. The core supply-side factors include the number of global fleets, the efficiency of ships and heavy tonnages, shipbuilding, ship delivery and dismantling, and transport profits.
Heavy tonnage determines supply, and marginal changes are more noteworthy than absolute; ship supply is rigid, taking about one to three years from inception to delivery, and ship capacity means increasing supply in a timely manner; tanker delivery and dismantling resolves marginal changes in existing supply, new ship orders are able to respond to delivery in advance, ship dismantling is largely of age, environmental protection, scrap steel prices, etc.
Factors determine; shipowners tend to optimise fleet structures when the transport is profitable. From the history of ship delivery and dismantling in 1963-2007, the years in which a large number of ships are being dismantled are generally followed by better behaviour, and when a large number of ships are being delivered, they are basically at the end of the line.
Shipships delivered foams, followed by a depression in oil operations; and large numbers of ships scrapped between 1983 and 2002, followed by a boom in oil operations.
Figure 34: Large numbers of ships dismantled and flourished in 1983 and 2002. Trends and trends in supply and demand over the shipping market cycles: demand increases are generally good and even booming when supply trends are expansion or shortage, and demand does not decline. According to Maritime Economics, demand increases are high.
Do not be divided into extreme fast, fast, slow, falling, short supply trends, short supply, expansion, excess, good, good, weak, weak.
In both cycles, the demand growth rate, supply trends and trends were extremely rapid, deficient and booming, respectively; in the three cycles of 1869-1914, 1956-1973 and 1988-1997, the supply trend was expansionary, while the demand increase was surplus, in the three cycles of the year, with demand increasing at rapid, down and down, respectively.
So, when the supply trend is expansion or shortage, and demand does not decline, it's generally good or even booming. Good and prosperous, and probably weak in 2007. Demand-side outlook: future oil shipments according to Druri's projections.
A steady growth in demand, not excluding demand growth due to rapid growth in emerging markets, we believe that demand growth is likely to be slow, with some chances of faster and smaller chances; supply-side outlook: due to the ageing of oil tankers and the accelerated dismantling of oil tankers, there is a rigid supply schedule of ships with new vlcc orders in excess of 15 years of age vlcc
At a historically low level, we believe that the supply-side trend is probably between shortages and expansions. In the current outlook, 3.lng transport and inland oil transport contribute to steady performance, and oil shipments from abroad are expected to continue to grow at a robust rate.
The company is China’s leader in lang transport, and lang’s operations are carried out mainly by the well-funded Shanghai lang and Clng, each of which holds 50% of the shareholdings, the only two large lang carriers in China. As of 31 December 2021, the company’s lang fleet consisted of 38 6.42 million cubic metres operating langc, which is under construction.
In addition, in January 2022, the company signed a framework agreement with the cooperating parties for the China-China oil and gas pipeline project, consisting of 9/1.16 million cubic metres, including 3 in phase I and 3 in phase II of the China-oil project and 3 in phase II of the North Pole project.
Global demand for eng transport grew faster than supply in 2021-2026, and corporate eng transport performance is expected to grow robustly with engc’s successive delivery. As an ideal source of energy for transition under the current low-carbon trend, global ng needs to move well, based on company referrals and Druri’s data, global ng trade volume cagrda in 2021-2026
4.6%, Chinese and Indian lang imports will reach 9.3% and 10%, respectively. Global ng tons of shipping, marine requirements, will reach 8.1% over the same period, while global ng ship supply, cagr, is only 6.8% slower than demand increases. Given that the company lang fleet is tied to the project and has signed long-term lease contracts with the project party, I have a more stable rental price.
They believe that the company’s transport performance is expected to grow robustly with the delivery of langc. There is a steady upturn in the transport operations for domestic crude oil and finished oil, a high upturn in the flow of oil from foreign trade, a steady upturn in the flow of crude oil and oil from domestic trade, and a high upturn in the flow of oil from foreign trade from foreign products in 2021.
Clients have signed coa contracts to lock in more than 90% of base sources, and the proportion of base sources has continued to grow; in addition, companies have taken advantage of new sources of transit crude oil, finished oil, and the emerging private-refining one-stop project, in an effort to seize incremental market opportunities. Looking ahead, there is a steady upturn in the transport of crude oil and finished oil, and the high volume of oil produced from foreign trade is expected to be sustained.
Domestic crude oil transport still has access requirements, the supply of power is manageable, and the internal trade in crude oil transport operations are expected to remain robust. Of this, maritime oil transport operations have increased steadily, mainly as a result of the rising production of marine oil and gas under high oil prices, and China ' s marine oil production is projected to increase by 5.4 per cent in 2022, while transit crude oil transport operations are under steady pressure due to import quotas.
Limiting the short-term reduction of transit crude-oil transport needs, and as domestic refineries continue to integrate, while large refineries are equipped with vlcc berths, to a certain extent in the long term suppress domestic transit crude-oil transport needs. Intra-traded oil transport operations tend to be short-ranged, and basic transport costs are guaranteed to stabilize their performance.
In addition, in the last two years, there has been a relatively large increase in domestic production capacity and a certain risk of oversupply, but in times of recession there is a guaranteed base price for the transport of manufactured oil.
A total of 37 oil tankers, including 28 foreign and 9 intra-trade vessels, are expected to be maintained. Lr1 and lr2 are located east of the Suez Canal, mainly on the Middle East-Far East-Singapore route.
The current volume of finished oil transport is relatively good, with lr2 moving through the Middle East-Japan route from 80 p.m. to 270 p.m., with a peak of 330 p.m. and a recent recovery but still at a high level of around 250 p. The main reasons are: 1) the Russian-Uu dispute, which led to the diversion of long distances (5 days to more than 20 days); 2) the movement of refineries eastward, in order to increase the number of long distances.
After the closure of the bp refinery in Australia, for example, finished oil is imported from Singapore, with increased demand and long distances; 3) the supply of finished tankers is inadequate and environmental requirements are low, and the company expects the finished tanker industry to grow by only 0.8% in 2022 and negative growth in 2023. The company ' s finished tanker fleet is expected to phase out 10 new ships during the fourteen-five-year period, with some 36 new ships planned.
15 lr2 and 10 mr. Looking back to the city, the supply side is not sufficiently effective to cover the environmental slowdown, and the demand side benefits from the trend of the refinery moving eastwards. If the situation in the Russian Federation does not change significantly, the oil prices for the finished goods of foreign trade are expected to maintain a better water and investment rating. 4. Profit predictions and investment ratings
Transport of crude oil for foreign trade: The main elasticity of crude oil transport operations for foreign trade is largely contributed by Vlcc, with about 40 deliveries still in the current year of the Vlcc shipment, and short-term supply is still growing. (2) China ' s crude oil imports are mostly transported by long routes, thus contributing significantly to the Vlcc market, accounting for about 40 per cent of the global demand for the Vlcc shipping market, as a result of recurrent epidemics.
As a result, China’s demand for vlcc has been suppressed to some extent. Looking back to the city, based on the historical pattern of multi-wheel supply trends, demand accelerations, and the characterization of the level of flow, we compare the oil performance in 2007 with the current rate of increase in demand and supply trends, which we consider to be more likely to be the same as in the case of historical oil shipments.
Between good and prosperous, and probably weaker than the boom in 2007; and, compared to the vlcc in early 2020, the likely rate of supply-side-led business continuity would be better than in 2020, given the sharp short-term increase in demand for oil from the contango structure, resulting from the sharp drop in the price of oil in 2020.
Oil and oil shipments from foreign trade products: The high volume of oil and oil shipments from foreign trade products is expected to be sustained, and lr2 is at a higher level around the Ws point of the Middle East-Japan route. The main reasons are: 1) the Russian-Ukrain dispute has led to long shipping distances for diversions (from 5 days to more than 20 days); 2) the trend towards eastward movement of refineries, citing the import of finished oil from Singapore after the closure of the bp refinery in Australia, with increased demand and distance.
Long; 3) Inadequate supply of finished tankers and environmental requirements, the company expects the finished tanker industry to supply only 36 more ships in 2022, of which about 15 are planned to be lr2 and 10 mr. Looking to the city, the supply side is not sufficiently effective to co-locate. Demand side benefits from the trend of shifting the refinery eastward, if the situation in the Russian Federation does not change significantly.
The prices are still expected to remain relatively high. Moreover, compared to 2020, the volume of oil produced in foreign trade in 2022 was generally relatively high but relatively sustainable, with high prices remaining for only about two months in 2020, while the price of oil produced in 2022 was transported from within-trade crude oil: domestic crude oil transport was still subject to qualification requirements and controlled power supply; and the demand side was generally stable.
In addition, in the first quarter of 2022, the company increased revenue from its in-country trade in crude oil transport operations and Māori domestic trade in finished oils: despite the gradual short-termization of the in-country transport of finished oils, the supply side was the result of domestic production over the past two years.
In addition, in 2022, the company ng transported: 2021-2026, the global lang trade was 4.6% cagr in 2021-2026, and China and India lung entered.
Cagr will reach 9.3% and 10%, respectively. The global eng ton of maritime transport needs will reach 8.1% over the same period, while the global eng ship supply is only 6.8%. In addition, the company lang fleet is tied to the project, and the company is the largest tanker owner in the world, with good governance and is expected to move crude oil in the immediate future.
At the global level, the dual replacement process of replacing coal with oil and gas, and fossil fuels with non-fossil energy will accelerate, and the energy clean low-carbon transition will continue. These will have far-reaching implications for changes in energy transport demand, challenging company business planning and business layout.
Risks of global macroeconomic volatility. If global macroeconomic depressions affect demand for crude oil consumption and, in turn, demand for crude oil transport. 3) International political risks. Geopolitical conflicts and trade frictions among major economies all contribute to the global economy.
The risk of competing with other modes of transport. The maritime mode has the advantage of large volumes and low prices, and of large quantities of goods.
The main modes of transport, especially in the area of transport of goods such as oil, coal, and iron ore, have a prominent advantage, but other modes of transport still pose some competition for maritime transport. For example, the opening of crude oil transport lines and the construction of deep water terminals in our coastal ports will reduce the need for second-way transit transport of crude oil.
Oil tanker supply is not improving as expected. As a result of better oil performance in 2020, there has been some improvement in the cash flow of tanker owners, and the risk of oil price fluctuations is likely to be caused by a lack of willingness to disassemble ships at a time when the current conditions are expected to warm.
In addition, the price of fuel, which is the main cost of the operation of the tankers, would result in the company producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. All the views contained in the report accurately reflect the personal views of this person with respect to the said securities or issuers; I have made specific suggestions or observations in this report.
Past performance is not considered to be the future, either directly or indirectly.