Non-financial first-cover report . Advanced ceramic platform tap, three-wheel drive to start a new chapter of growth Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
The fuel cell market is very promising, sofc ceramic diaphragm panels are new to growth. The solid oxide fuel cell, Grissom, is very promising, and the market for solid electrolytic fuel cells is large as the arithmetic rises in demand for electricity.
Continued expansion is expected to lead to an increase in revenues from tri-ringed diaphragm panels.mlcc continues to invest in technology and opens up alternative spaces for national production. New energy automobile development drives the expansion of the electronic mlcc city, with a global market share of mlcc manufacturers in mainland China in 2024 of only 9.2%, and the tri-ring group does not.
The market for light communications is expanding, and ceramic products are expected to continue to contribute as a company’s traditional advantage. Ceramic cores and holsters, tri-ring mt cores, mt short fibre series, ceramic envelopes, etc. are expected to benefit from downstream data.
The growth of the central market continues to make a positive contribution to corporate revenue collection. Another major business of the company, pkg, is also expected to achieve a rapid roll-out average of about 33.12 times a year.
In the light of the wave of intelligence, the traditional business is developing robustly, actively expanding new and emerging areas, growing in a wide space, covering for the first time, and giving us the assumption that revenues from the three-ring group electronics, communications components and materials operations will grow separately in 2025-2027. (1) i.a. demand for electricity will drive sofc development, with the three-ring group serving as an upstream ceramic diaphragm supply.
Businesses are expected to benefit from: (2) the rapid expansion of the new energy car market, which drives the increase in the demand for car regulation mlcc. At the same time, the rapid breakthrough of the three ring groups ' high-conservable mlcc products is expected to capture more market shares and achieve national production substitution; (3) data centre development drives increased demand for light communication devices, and the three ring groups ' traditional products, ceramic cores and holsters, and
Products such as mt cores, mt short fibre series, ceramic envelope casings, etc., are expected to grow. Data centres are not developing as much as expected; downstream demand is weak; international situation is volatile; the tri-rings are mainly engaged in the production and sale of electronic ceramic components and their base materials, and their main products include light.
Ceramic cores and tubes, fuel cell diaphragm panels, ceramic envelopes, ceramic base sheets, ceramic base bodies, connectors, mlcc and electrical barriers are among the most advanced electronic components and materials enterprises in the country.
Founded in 1970, the company was initially engaged in the manufacture and sale of ceramic-based bodies and fixed electrical resists and, after more than 50 years of development, gradually expanded its product lines to cut into fibre-optic ceramic cores and cylinders, fuel cell diaphragm panels, ceramic envelopes, and, in 2014, the company was transformed from a radio-ceramic plant into a joint-stock company with a registered capital of 60 million yuan and started its own business in deep business.
In the course of its development, companies have been rated as high-tech companies, single champions of the manufacturing industry, and national electronics 100 companies, among others, and have developed in a virtuous manner. The company has adopted a “material plus” strategy, which is structured and functional, covering a wide range of applications, such as communications, electronics, new energy, semiconductors, mobile smart terminals, etc., where light communication is plugged in with ceramics,
In terms of technology research and development, the company has a research and development team consisting of a number of masters, doctors, and a team of scientific experts, scientists and scientists, who are constantly engaged in research and development in materials, products, and technologies.
1.2. Volatile growth and sustained investment in R & D as of 2025 q1, the three ring groups ' operating income has shown a trend of fluctuations since 2019. In 2022, the overall slowdown in demand for electronics, influenced by the volatility of the international situation and weak global economic growth, led to a slowdown in demand for electronics, leading to a three ring majority.
Business was hit by a 17.19 per cent decline in business income on a year-on-year basis. Since then, markets have been warming, corporate business income has been growing again, corporate profitability has remained high for a long time since 2019, although the overall Māori rate and net interest rates have declined by 84.03 per cent, and operating income has increased by 33.84 per cent over the year, largely because of the domestic electronics industry boom in 2024.
At the client level, sales to the top five clients in 2024 amounted to 324 million yuan, 193 million yuan, 174 million yuan, 171 million yuan and 155 million yuan, and the top five clients together accounted for 13.79 per cent of total annual sales.
As a result, companies are less dependent on large customers and risk is more diffuse. 2. The fuel cell market is promising, sofc ceramic diaphragms become more dynamic.
Solid oxide fuel cells (sofc) are high-temperature fuel cells that use solid-state electrolyte (usually silicon oxidation) oxidation. Such systems have the advantage of high reliability, modular design, fuel adaptation, and low emissions of hazardous gases such as nitrogen oxides and sulphur oxides.
Efficiency increases to 70 to 80%. Moreover, the technology operates in a noise-free and low-cost manner, making it truly green. According to gmi, the global Sofc market was $1.7 billion in 2024, and is expected to reach $3.5 billion in 2032. According to Frost Sullivan, by 2023, Bloomergy was a global fixed-fuel cell.
The tri-ring group, as a domestic sofc diaphragm supplier, has entered into a partnership with the listed public division, Bloomenergy, to become its main supplier of ceramic diaphragm panels. The market for solid oxide fuel cells in bloomenergy is promising.
Ink produces anodes and cathode electrodes, which are covered by electrolysis, and when the internal high temperatures of bloombox (energy server) operate, ambient air enters the side of the cathode, while steam and fuel (gas or biogas) are combined to reassemble on the side of the anode, generating recombinant fuel. When recombined fuel flows through the anode, the ion moves from the cathode to the anode, reacting with the recombinant fuel.
Energy, steam, and carbon dioxide are generated. The resulting vapour is recycled for fuel recombinant use, so that sofc does not need external water during normal operations. By contrast, the power plant requires large amounts of water for cooling, generating the same amount of electricity (e.g., annual per hour per megawatt hour), and the U.S. grid power plant consumes about 156 million more water than the bloomenergy platform.
Gallen. The heat generated by the electrochemical process is used to maintain the temperature of the operation of the fuel cell and drive the recombinant reaction, and the fuel cell is able to convert chemical energy directly to electrical energy on site on a continuous basis, provided there is a continuous supply of fuel and air.
Market price fluctuations for raw materials such as coal; sofc is not affected by weather conditions compared to wind, solar, etc., and transmission voltage is stable, and market demand is expected to continue to grow.ai arithmetic demand for electricity is contributing to the continued development of bloomenergysofc operations, with the three ring groups acting as upstream suppliers
US$ 1 billion, an increase of 19.5 per cent compared with US$ 335.8 million in the second quarter of 2024. By the end of the second quarter of 2025, the production capacity of the plant doubled from 1gw to 2gw. As the power of the arithmetic rises in electricity demand, the market for solid electrolyte-combustion batteries continues to expand, and is expected to lead to an increase in revenues from the three ringed diaphragm panels.
3.mlcc is a continuous technological input to develop alternative national production spaces mlcc (multi-layergramiccapacitor; polyceramic capacitors) that are the leading and most used passive patch elements of the electronic whole, often referred to as “industrial rice”. To meet the continuous miniaturization of the electronic whole,
The trend toward large-capacity, high reliability, and low-cost development has been accompanied by a corresponding advance in diversity, reliability, low appearance, technological sophistication, and higher demands on their manufacturing processes. New energy automobile development drives the expansion of the electronic mlcc market.
In 2025, the global mlcc market is expected to be about $105 billion, an increase of 4.4% over the same period, with automobiles and electronics being the largest application market for mlcc, accounting for 30.5% of the total global market size. The demand for mlcc has increased further as a result of the deployment of more electronic systems.
About 12,000 vehicles are moving, and the number of electric vehicles is 18,000. The data from the evtank show that the global market for new energy vehicles was 3.31 million in 2020, with 44.05 million vehicles projected for 2030 and 29.54 per cent for cagr. The company ' s mlcc technology is constantly innovating and entering the supply chain of well-known car manufacturers.
Field demand, the tri-ring group has gradually broken through the key technology of mlcc production, and its vehicle load has entered into the supply chain of well-known car dealers through the Car Regulations system certification. According to company announcements, companies are gradually applying the core components of power, power, power-driven, information and entertainment systems to new-energy cars, taking into account their high-capacity, high-pressure, high-reliability, etc.
The mlcc market is dominated by foreign manufacturers, and there is a large market space for national production. Today, the global mlcc market is competitive, with village fields standing at the top of 40% of the market in 2024.
1000 billion mlcc, and the business continues to lead to the growth of village land performance. The country’s financial statements for the 4th quarter of 2024 show that its mlcc product accounts for 18% of total sales revenue, and it is its third largest business.
Highest, 54.5% in 2024, while China’s mainland mlcc manufacturers account for only 9.2% of the world’s market space for mainland China’s mlcc enterprise. In a wave of national alternatives, with their own technological breakthroughs and policy support, the tri-ring group mlcc product is expected to be in place.
The future captures more domestic and even global market shares and contributes positively to revenue generation. 4. The growth of the light communication market, with ceramic products as a traditional corporate advantage, and the demand for numeracy in data centres drive demand for ceramic products.
The market has changed demand patterns, and the growing demand for numeracy in data centres has increased demand for product performance, manufacturing processes, selection of materials, and even production processes as a whole. According to the China Commercial and Industrial Research Institute, China’s data center will have a market size of 318 billion yuan in 2025.
In the case of ceramic cores and holsters, products such as mt cores, mt short fibre series, ceramic envelopes, etc., are expected to benefit from the growth of the downstream data centre market and continue to contribute positively to corporate revenue. According to the Southern Finance Book, the sales of multi-consortium ceramic products are among the world’s leading.
Another major business of the company, the ceramic envelope (pkg), is also expected to develop rapidly, driven by new industries such as 5g, physical networking and data centres. According to the China Economic Research Institute, the ceramic envelope has three main functions: (1) The chip can be equipped with a platform to protect it from external mechanical damage and prevent the erosion of the humid, acid and corrosive chips in the environment.
(a) The electrodes on board to meet the gas-classification requirements; (b) the miniaturization, thinning and surface coating of the casings; and (c) its metal welding zone, which connects the electrodes on the chip to the electrodes on the circuit board and provides internal and external circuit connectivity.
In China ' s market, where the main manufacturers of ceramics, ntk, amigos and tri-ring groups are the main ones, national production has been replaced or will become a trend, driven by market choices and national policies, and we therefore believe that the tri-ring group ' s ceramic-envelopement base operations are expected to gradually expand its occupancy rate in China ' s local market and generate growth in operating income.
5. Profit forecasting and valuation. The market demand for ceramic cores and cylinders, pkg, mlcc is increasing owing to the rising demand for ceramic electronic materials in industries such as data centres, new energy vehicles, etc. Electronics, communications components and materials are expected to be collected in 2025-2027.
As a major supplier of global ceramic electronics, the tri-ring group of ceramic cores and holsters, pkg, mlcc products have high demand, and we expect a net return profit for the company in 2025-2027 of 26.22/32.77/4101 million, respectively, compared to the same amount that we chose for wind-water highs, Chinese-ceramic electronics and blues technology as comparable companies, based on the unanimous expectation of Wind.
(1) Data centres are not developing as much as expected: if the data centre market does not grow as expected, it may result in weak growth of products such as ceramic plugs and cores; (2) downstream demand risk: low demand from industries such as electronics downstream may result in demand for various electronic components
(3) Risk of international volatility: China-United States trade frictions remain uncertain and may affect electronic component export trade. Appendix: Summary of financial projections, my personal perceptions of the subject matter securities and issuers. My diligent and professional approach to research, the use of information on legal compliance, and the independent and objective production of this report, Ben.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.