China Sea oil suits (601808.sh): climate recovery, long-term certainty of company performance and high incremental elasticity Marine oil and gas prospects: 1) Global: Global conventional oil and gas reserves in marine areas accounted for 34.57 per cent of the world ' s total reserves in 2022
Deep-water oil and gas production in the ball amounts to 10.1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, accounting for 6.4 per cent of global oil and gas production. In the future, with further release of deep-water oil and gas capacity, global deep-water oil and gas production is expected to reach 17 million barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2030.) Our country: China’s sea-sea oil and gas development has maintained strong growth momentum in the last 10 years, with cagr at about 4.4 per cent, at nearly twice the rate on land in 2023.
Over 62 million tons of marine crude oil were produced, accounting for more than 60 per cent of the country’s oil production for the fourth year in a row. China’s oil production is expected to reach 40 per cent and more than 20 per cent of our total production of marine oil and gas in 2060.
As a signal indicator of trends, while continuing stock prices cannot be sustained by the company’s performance. When oil prices warm, they tend to rebound after the performance recovery has been confirmed.
The oil suit had not yet returned to its previous level and the stock price had been relatively flat, but the company had been growing since the second half of 2022 Oil prices — the hub price of crude oil: supply end, joint reduction of Oec+ major oil producing countries, recovery of the number of American work rigs, and a crystallization.
With crude oil production increasing slowly; at the end of the demand side, the growth of gdp is below trend levels, while energy efficiency and the electrification of vehicles slow the growth in the demand for petro-oil. Overall, oil supply and demand remained relatively tight in 2024-2025, and Brent crude oil prices in 2023 were limited in space, but future increases in the mean price of crude oil will sustain the mid-point shock compared to historical oil price trends.
- Growth in the storage of oil contributes to steady performance: revenue from China Sea oil remains at about 80 per cent, and national policies are decisive for domestic oil and gas companies' investment in exploration and development. We believe that the main transmission mechanism for corporate performance is oil price + policy + China Sea oil operation performance + China Sea oil capital expenditure + China Sea oil capital expenditure performance. 1) Oil prices at the end of the oil price, rises in the mean price of crude oil; 2)
At the policy level, the implementation of relevant policy and regulatory provisions is continuing, with China Sea oil future exploration and development capital spending expected to remain above $100 billion; 3) China Sea oil operations end, with China Sea oil barrel oil costs declining and barrel oil profits effectively contributing to their upstream development; Low liabilities + excellent cash flows supporting upstream capital spending by companies, and effective support capital expenditure passing to China Sea oil suit performance.
- Multiple measures and contributions to optimize performance: by analysing the company ' s performance in 2020-2022, we found three factors that have a negative impact on performance: significant impairment of assets, \triangleright ' s decline in Maori and poor overseas operations.
Heavy asset technology, built on a rental basis, gradually transforms drilling operations into oil technology operations, reduces cyclical attributes, and supports performance with a combination of sustained technological transformations based on low fixed costs and a stable Maori rate; 2) drilling operations are more flexible and drilling platforms are recovering in volume and income, but overall the recovery of oil prices in the current round has not yet triggered the drilling industry
Recovering the previous level of performance, there are much expectations of improvement in the future; (3) overseas market performance is expected to break out, with corporate “1+2+n” market patterns gradually taking shape, with new overseas contracts totalling $3.535 billion in 2022. Current international upstream exploration developments are expected to resume, companies are growing up, international recognition and customer quality are high, and offshore operations are expected to develop ground-breaking.
The cycle is different: wind clouds converge and the suit rises above - the depth of the petrochemical industry report 2. Sea oil engineering (600583); the cycle has changed.
Cost-driven dual-drive production of sea-based industrial poles - 3. Reversal oil price cycle, 2024 oil and gas exhibition - Annual strategy for the petrochemical industry
1. China Sea Oil Company, oil price + performance driver market performance 1.1. China Sea oil uniforms are subordinate to China Sea oil and have a stable equity structure. In 1982, the State Council approved China Sea Oil Company as the country
An oil company has exclusive rights to cooperate with foreign oil and gas mining operations in China’s maritime areas. In December 2001, China’s five oil companies were listed on the Hong Kong and Shanghai exchanges in November 2001 and September 2007, respectively. As of 2023 q3, China’s oil owners had a share of 50.53% of the company, which provided them with oilfield services, equipment lease materials and other support services.
Figure 1 The stock structure of the marine oil-suit industry in Central China is an oil-field service industry that is an integrated oil-field service provider on a larger scale in the Asian off-shore market. The corporate sector runs through all stages of marine oil and gas exploration, development and production, and is divided mainly into drilling services, oil-field technical services, and oil-field services.
The company has a large share of China’s offshore oil field technical services market, owns and operates the largest and most widely used large fleet of equipment, many of which have an absolute market advantage off China’s coast. There are several countries and regions.
Figure 3 shows the distribution of marine garment operations in the region. 1.2. The market has continued to recover, with income-generating drops rising in performance The beneficiary industries have warmed up and companies have gradually recovered in their performance. The net profit from the return of marine oil uniforms to their mothers declined in the last five years in 2021.
This is mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on equipment usage in 2021, which led to a substantial reduction in the value of assets, which was set at $20.17 billion. With oil and gas, the previous level has been restored. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company earned $29.507 billion in operating income, resulting in a net profit of $2,273 million for its mother.
Cost control using such measures as efficiency, compression of administrative expenses, enhancement of self-repair of equipment, etc., decreased steadily between 2018 and the first three quarters of 2023, from 3.01 per cent to 2.07 per cent for management costs and from 0.12 per cent to 0.01 per cent for sales costs.
Figure 6 Marine clothing collection and cost increase on a year-on-year basis, Figure 7 Marine clothing period cost rates, 1.3. Corporate stock price performance is driven by both oil prices and performance
In the context of the sharp fall in international oil prices between 2018 and 2020, there has been a downward trend in the relative return on oil uniforms and even a market run-off in stock prices; since then, oil prices have moved into a new, higher-performing hub, and the relative returns of companies have been undervalued. 1.3.3. Performance effects or share price performance have deviated from fluctuations in oil prices
The price of oil can be used as a signal to judge trends, while continuing stock-price performance is underpinned by the company’s performance: the impact of oil prices on equities is the expected change in the profile of the garment industry in the future.
As expected performance enters a downward period, stock prices tend to start to run out of the market quickly; (2) When oil prices warm, they tend to rebound after the recovery point is confirmed.
However, since the second half of 2022, the company has been growing rapidly, with a 5.98 per cent rise in the same year in 2023q3, pending a further return in performance.
Figure 10 Recaution of the relationship between Roe and stock price changes (%, United States dollars, United States dollars/barrells) and Figure 11 Recaution of the relationship between Roe and stock price changes (%, dollar, dollar/barrell)
2.1. Crude oil prices are expected to continue to maintain their moderate-high-rises. Recapitulation of long-cycle oil price trends since 2000 has gone through six phases. Long-cycle crude oil price trends are related to supply and demand, year-on-year increases, a “deep-v” rebound from 2008 to 2010, stable from 2011 and stable from mid-2014.
The price of crude oil at an average spot price of $82.18 per barrel at an average price of $79.15 per barrel as at January 2024, and the price of oil at a medium-high shock; the trend in oil prices of 12 bronts has been marked by six stages of a joint reduction in crude oil supply in the major oil-producing countries of Oec+.
Ten thousand barrels per day, eia predicts that 2024/2025 will reach 448/40.2 million barrels per day. Since October 2022, Opec+ member countries have announced a voluntary reduction in production in the first quarter of 2024, totalling 2.193 million barrels per day.
Figure 13opec production (million barrels per day) Figure 14opec surplus capacity (million barrels per day) Figure 15 Russian and Saudi oil production (million barrels per day)
U.S. work rigs show weakness with the increase in crude oil production. 1) There is a strong correlation between the world and the U.S. drills and Brent crude oil prices, and the low growth in the number of oil prices in the current round, particularly in the United States, is largely due to high-cost investor pressure on gabden government policy restrictions, resulting in continued caution on US capital spending; 2)
The relationship between the number of United States work rigs and the crude oil production in the United States: it can be seen that the high profile of upstream spending is reflected in the period of growth in crude oil production, which is approximately less than a year old, while the positive correlation between the number of work rigs and production since 2020 is mainly due to the rapid shutdown of global existing capacity caused by the new crown and their gradual resumption after the pandemic.
Finally, there has been no significant recovery, with a gradual decline in high-quality well mining in the United States, and the recovery of United States crude oil production has slowed significantly since August 2023, compared to the rehabilitation rate in 2016. As at 9 February, US crude oil production stood at 13.3 million barrels per day, an increase of 1 million barrels per day over the same period last year.
According to eia, the recovery in demand for Chinese consumption, aviation fuel oil and petrochemical raw materials led to a modest increase in world oil demand of 101 million barrels per day in 2023, and 1.83 million barrels per day over the previous year.
This is mainly due to lower-than-trend growth in gdp, coupled with energy efficiency improvements and the electrification of vehicles, which inhibit oil use. With regard to global oil demand and supply trends, the global oil market will be supported by relative supply and demand constraints expected by eia for 2024-2025.
US$/bbl, which indicates that recent geopolitical uncertainties in the Middle East may cause upward fluctuations in the price of crude oil in the near future.Oies state that Brent crude oil prices are expected to rebound to US$ 83.3/bbl in 2024, supported by a further decline in production in Oec+, while q2 and q3 will remain at US$ 80/bpb, while the latest forecast is that Brent crude oil will be on average in 2024.
At a price of US$ 82.1 per barrel, and overall, global oil prices are expected to have limited scope for upswing, but they have not risen to the crude oil hub in comparison with historical oil price trends, which will sustain the mid-high zone shock.
High levels of marine oil and gas reserves are a priority for future exploration. There was a decline in the remaining exploitable reserves of global hydrocarbon technology in 2022, and there was good regular oil and gas performance in the area, with a surplus of 15.13 billion tons of oil and gas equivalents, or 34.57 per cent of the world ' s total, representing an increase of 1.650 billion tons of oil and gas equivalents, or 1.11 per cent, compared with 2021. In 2022, 75 per cent of the global resources found in new drilling wells were found.
At depths of 200 metres, a total of 21 large and medium-sized oil and gas fields have been found in the global deep-water super-deep water field, with an increase of 86.42 per cent in the same amount. At the same time, nine of the world ' s top ten oil and gas discoveries are in the sea, with an average depth of more than 1,700 metres.
More than 7.3 billion barrels of oil equivalent, or more than 80 per cent of the top 10 found 2p reserves, increased exploration efforts, and re-innovation of marine oil and gas production. According to rrystadenergy, 311 global offshore drilling wells in 2022 are expected to continue to grow by 11 per cent in 2023, reaching 377, of which deep and ultra-deep water are expected to increase by the same amount.
20% and more than 40%. By the end of April 2023, the global market for floating drilling platforms was 85%, a year-on-year increase in global deep-water oil and gas production of 10.1 million barrels of oil equivalent/day, accounting for 6.4% of global oil and gas production, and with further release of deep-water oil and gas production in the future, global deep-water oil and gas production is expected to reach 17 million barrels of oil equivalent/day in 2030, up from 2022.
The seven largest international oil giants, represented by ExxonMobil, bp, Shell, Dadal Energy, Chevron, NONC, and Eni Oil, were the first to be involved in deep-water hydrocarbon exploration.
Oil Company. By the end of 2022, deep water oil and gas production had accounted for more than 20 per cent of total oil and gas production by seven companies. Of the global risk wells 400 metres deep in 1990-2022, 74 per cent of the total exploitable reserves were directly related to the seven major international oil companies and 35 per cent of the deep water oil and gas discoveries were directly attributable to the seven major international oil companies.
China is actively exploring the marine oil and gas sector. China’s marine oil and gas development has maintained strong growth momentum over the past 10 years, with annual compound growth rates of about 4.4 per cent, and land-based oil and gas growth rates of only 2.4 per cent over the same period. In 2022, China produced 5,973 tons of crude oil and 20.5 billion cubic metres of natural gas, accounting for 28 per cent and 11 per cent, respectively, of total domestic crude oil and natural gas production.
Oil production amounted to 208 million tons, an increase of more than 3 million tons over the same period, and marine crude oil production was a key increase, exceeding 62 million tons, and accounted for more than 60% of the country’s oil production for the fourth consecutive year. China’s marine oil and gas resources are expected to have multiple advantages in 2060 compared to other oil fields:
1) Single well production: The global average single well production in the oil and gas sector is less than 1 million barrels of oil equivalent, while the depth level is all single wells 12 million barrels of oil equivalent and single wells 43 million barrels of oil equivalent; 2) Quality: Wood McKenzie has found deep water fields based on recent developments in deep water fields compared to others
The oil quality is relatively good, mainly light and medium crude oil; 3) economic: the cost of a barrel oil balance for a typical global deep-water development project has been reduced from $75 per barrel in 2014 to about $40-50 per barrel at present, and the Pilgrim Global indicates that there are currently 299 commercially developed deep-water projects worldwide.
The average internal rate of return was 24 per cent, of which 83 per cent was above 15 per cent, with a strong overall economic return; 4) environmentally sound: the average carbon emission intensity of the current global commercialized oil and gas field range 1 and 2 was 23 kg carbon dioxide equivalent/barrel equivalent; and deep-water oil and gas development in the top 15 countries of deep-water oil and gas production, 2022-2023
The average carbon emission intensity is only 15 kg CO2 eq/barrel equivalent.
3.1.1. Global: Oil-price-related upstream capital expenditure – oil price-to-performance transmission has a time lag. When oil prices rise, profits per barrel increase, oil companies increase their willingness to explore and exploit upstream activities, upstream capital expenditure increase, and garment companies increase their workload, thereby enhancing their performance, when oil prices fall.
The slowdown in upstream capital spending by oil companies also results in a decline in the climate in the garment industry. Oil prices have a time lag in oil prices to performance transmission for oil companies, as oil prices have a bearing on oil companies’ capital expenditures and on their performance.
Figure 25: Relationship of performance to oil prices: Figure 26: Haliberton performance to oil prices
Negative, revenue from the oil price upswing phase was one-and-a-half years behind the same rate of increase. At the bottom of the three previous oil prices, China and China had a direct revenue line. Figure 27 shows a correlation between the performance of marine and oil prices and the performance of petrochemicals and oil prices.
China Sea oil is a direct shareholder of the company, highly correlated with fluctuations in capital spending upstream of China Sea oil, with revenue from China Sea oil contribution increasing by about $1 billion per increase in capital expenditure.
As a result, upstream capital expenditure on China Sea oil will directly affect corporate performance.In figure 29, China Sea oil accounts for more than 80 per cent of the revenue from China Sea oils (billion yuan) and in figure 31, China China Sea oil capital expenditure will directly contribute to the China Sea oils performance table
Figure 30 shows a high correlation between sea oil contribution income and its upstream capital expenditure 3.1.3. Middle marine oil uniforms: oil price + policy + China oil operations + China oil capital expenditure > China oil capital costs > China oil uniforms 1) The increase in oil companies ' capital expenditure in the context of marketization is mainly based on oil price increases, and the oil companies ' exploration and development inputs are based on oil price increases
(b) On the basis of international comparisons between the domestic integrated oil companies, it can be found that, when oil prices again fell in 2018, there was a sharper decline in income and net profit for both Srembette and Hariberton, while the performance of China Sea and petrochemical clothing was comparable.
International oil companies are vulnerable to fluctuations in oil prices. This is mainly due to the fact that three barrels of oil are national companies, and national guidelines and policies are decisive for domestic oil companies in terms of exploration and development inputs. Since 2018, when the oil and gas exploration and development industry first presented a seven-year plan of action, there has been a determination to keep up with the State's policy of increasing production, which shapes the capital expenditure of domestic oil companies and their performance.
3) In addition, China Sea Oil, as a controlling shareholder in the company and as a major customer, depends to a large extent on the capital expenditure of China Sea Oil. In addition to national policies that effectively promote China Sea Oil upstream exploration and exploitation, China Sea Oil itself determines its ability to sustain high capital costs, and good business conditions further guarantee stability in China Sea Oil's performance.
3.2. Policy: Energy security increases the importance of production on storage. Our energy imports are highly dependent. Our crude oil production has fluctuated as a result of oil price fluctuations since peaking at 215 million tons in 2015.
In 2023, crude oil production gradually increased to 209 million tons, while the domestic production base of 200 million tons of crude oil was further tightened. Natural gas was 9.6 per cent. Under resource constraints, the country ' s crude oil and natural gas production increased at a slower rate than demand, resulting in higher levels of energy externality, with our crude oil import dependency at 73.08 in 2023 and natural gas at 42.46 original.
Oil and gas are important strategic resources for the country, and overdependence on foreign countries will threaten our energy security under the current circumstances.
The National Conference on Natural Resources in 2024 called for greater exploration, development and storage, and increased production.
Strategic mineral resource security capacity, enhanced green survey development, and optimized cooperation in the exploration and development of mineral resources from overseas. The ongoing implementation of policies and regulations reflects the clear continuity and necessity of the strategy of increasing production from reserves.
For the first time, the industry presented a seven-year action plan, in which all three barrels of oil disclosed a corresponding planning plan for increased production, with the Chinese oil plan seven years of crude oil and gas production caagr at 3.30 per cent and 15.22 per cent. Since then, China and China oil have significantly increased their oil and gas exploration and development efforts, with the annual strategic direction that the company ' s net production target for oil and gas in 2025 is 790 million barrels, which is better than the seven-year action plan target.
At a value of 730 million barrels, the determination to increase future production in China Sea oil reserves has remained unchanged, bringing a sustained high profile to the upstream garment industry.In figure 36, China Sea oil and gas production has continued to grow strongly (million barrels of oil equivalent) and China Sea oil exploration and development capital expenditures are expected to remain above $100 billion.
Domestic oil companies responded positively to the increase in exploration and exploitation efforts, with spending on oil exploration and exploitation capital rising by 14.6 per cent in mid-2022 over the same period. At the beginning of 2023, the median capital expenditure forecast was $105 billion, of which exploration and exploitation accounted for 77 per cent, or about 80.850 billion litres.
The average ratio to the projected value at the beginning of the year is 1.25, and the actual annual capital expenditure on offshore oil upstream in mid-2023 and 2024 is expected to reach RMB 128 billion, and capital expenditure is expected to reach RMB 125-1350 billion in 2024, which is largely in line with our expectations, taking into account the 77% share of upstream capital expenditure.
High, subsequent oil exploration and exploitation in China and China are expected to remain in good condition, and the performance of the uniforms is highly assured.
3.3. China Sea oil: Company performance guarantees for exploration and exploitation scenario cost: China Sea oil barrel oil cost advantages are being consolidated and capital expenditure is being affected less by oil prices. China Sea oil is consistently declining.
With this efficiency gain, the cost of barrel oil has been declining since 2013 and in 2020 to $26.34/barrel equivalent, a decrease of 41.49 per cent compared to 2013, with operational costs falling by 43.67 per cent. The slight recovery in the cost of barrel oil in 2021 and 2022 was mainly due to the introduction of new oil fields, the rise in commodity prices and the devaluation of the renminbi against the United States dollar.
Ben-$28.37/bail equivalent, 6.3% lower than year-on-year, oil prices remain low at medium-high levels, corporate cost advantages are further consolidated, and low-cost advantages make the level of upstream capital expenditure on mid-sea oil less affected by fluctuations in oil prices. Profit: higher oil prices, higher profit support upstream development.
Current prices are largely in line with Brent crude oil price fluctuations, with a price of US$ 76.84 per barrel in mid-2023 and a profit of about US$ 48.47 per barrel in the first three quarters, which is historically high. We believe that future oil prices will maintain the mid-high zone shock, and that the net profits from China-Sea oil are strongly linked to BL oil prices, which are expected to rise by US$ 10 when oil prices rise.
/Bolds will increase profits of approximately $23.3 billion from the Chinese Sea oil, and the cost of superbing the Chinese Sea oil drums will remain low, and the profit per barrel will be earned to guarantee that excellent performance will contribute effectively to their upstream development.
In figure 42, profits per barrel of oil are high Cash flows: sufficient cash flows from China and China support upstream capital expenditures. Cash flows from oil operations in China and China have declined net in recent years, but remain at a higher level. Companies maintain good cash flows with asset-liability ratios compared to oil, petrochemical, and international.
Large oil companies perform the best, and have now fallen to about 36%. Adequate cash under low indebtedness ratios compares upstream capital expenditure with sufficient cash flow of marine oil in figure 43, which supports upfront capital expenditure (billion yuan), with a stronger advantage in the sea oil asset liability ratio in figure 44 (%).
In the analysis of the company's performance for 2020-2022, we found that performance was largely due to a large impairment of assets, a significant decline in the Māori industry of drilling operations and poor performance in overseas operations.
The shift from heavy assets to asset-based technologies; the recovery of drilling operations and the elasticity of corporate strategic performance; the steady advancement of overseas markets, with promising breakthroughs in performance. Based on stable performance resulting from domestic stock-raising policies, companies are more than willing to contribute to the shift from asset-based to asset-based technologies.
In the past, the heavy asset characteristics of the China-China oil suit were evident and the performance was susceptible to impairment loss of the asset. The Chinese-China oil suit, as an integrated oil suit, needed to evolve rapidly in the lead-up to the expansion of production capacity, with a clear “heavy asset” attributes in the industry.
Under the “assets” attribute, when the industry’s climate declines, it is likely to result in significant excesses of equipment, and significant impairment losses of equipment will have an impact on the company’s performance. For example, in 2020 and 2021, as large equipment usage rates and operating prices have not recovered, respectively, it is true that the volatility of total lubricants has slowed, so that the “heavy asset” attribute is an important reason for influencing the company’s performance.
In recent years, China has adhered to the concept of “light assets” for development, gradually building on rent, after China had the highest share of fixed assets among the country's major garment companies, and in 2018, the strategy was expected to guarantee less volatility in the impairment of the company's assets.
The company's “light assets” strategy is also reflected in the gradual transformation of the drilling operations from cycle-specific to oil and technology operations, which as of 2023 have accounted for 56.1% of the total revenue of company H1 oil and technology operations.
The light asset characteristics of the oil and technology business are strong and the fixed cost ratio is low, with the depreciation of the oil and technology business as a percentage of its cost in 2022 being 6.7 per cent, while the drilling business is 22.8 per cent, and the oil and technology business ratio is effective in avoiding a decline in performance due to the downturn in industry and workload, loss of income but fixed costs.
Oil technology services strongly support the company’s Māori rate. In addition to its weak cyclical attributes, the field technology service is an important company performance of billions of yuan, which continues to rise by 40.99% over the same period.
4.1.3. Breaking through the technology blockade, market position. Continued investment in R & D costs, continuous progress in technology transformation, and a leap in market position. In addition to the Light Assets strategy, China Sea oil uniforms actively pursue the heavy technology strategy, with sustained investment in R & D costs, and China Sea oil suits in the first three quarters of 2023
With an aggregate of 809 million yuan, the same year has continued to rise by 21.70 per cent, leading the industry. Moreover, companies have continued to step up critical nuclear technology, pushing for a shift in R & D to productivity, increasing the global market share of business blocks year after year, rapidly pulling closer to the world’s top three oilsuit companies.
Drilling services: Global vertical poles are significant. As of 2023h1, the company operated and managed 60 rigs, with self-incented drilling platforms and semi-submarine drilling platforms the largest in the world, and the drilling platform staircases were complete, providing customers with drilling services of 15-10,000 feet in depth and 150-300,000 feet in depth.
In 2023, the platform successfully completed the drilling of a high-pressure gas well, refreshing its semi-submarine drilling platform with a deep record of drilling wells in the East Sea.
Figure 55 Complete marine oil rig platform ladders. Oil technology services: Autonomous R & D breaks the foreign monopoly. China Sea oil uniforms steadily advance the development of key core technologies. Autonomous technology innovation continues to move forward, filling the technological monopoly in boreholes, drilling fluids, directional wells, anchoring wells, wells completion, etc.
Domestic technology gaps. In the area of targeted drilling, the company's self-researching of the “till” rotation-oriented drilling system, Welleider, and the drilling system, Drilog, broke a long-standing monopoly by the international oil suit giants, becoming the first in China and the second in the world, reaching more than 1.5 million metres, with a success rate of 95 per cent at a time.
East Sea securities donghaisecurities Figure 57welleader Rotation Orientation System
Figure 58 Drilog follows the drilling well system Ship services and material exploration and engineering services: technological effectiveness has steadily improved. China Sea oil uniforms have expanded their development paths in the area of ship services under new circumstances and have served as a model guide for ships to promote the use of eng clean energy;
The commercialization of a number of autonomous research and development equipment applications in the field of collecting and engineering survey services, among which the marine seismic exploration and recovery equipment “sea-coastal” system, developed by our own country, successfully completed 3000 metres of oil and gas exploration operations in deep and deep-water areas, made it possible to conduct on-site data processing and successfully complete the first 3,000 metres of deep-water 3-D geological survey map, which was mapped by our own autonomous equipment.
The country became the third country in the world to possess the full range of marine seismic exploration and cable collection equipment.
4.2. The warming of the landscape, the provision of elasticity in drilling operations, 4.2.1. Global drilling day fees and usage rates up to date. According to s&pglobal data, the global average daily cost of semi-submarine drilling platforms (>7500ft) appeared in May 2023.
Rapid growth, maintained at over $350,000; the average daily cost of drilling vessels (>7500ft) also increased significantly in August 2022 and is currently around $0.4 million; and the average daily cost of self-introduction platforms (361-400ic) in South Asia and the Middle East remained above $100,000 at an all-time high.
The average daily rate has risen significantly with the completion of previously concluded contracts for less expensive drilling. In addition, there is an upward trend in the utilization of global drilling vessels, as well as a 90% increase in the utilization of self-infested drilling platforms in South Asia and the Middle East, where drilling needs are gradually recovering, and where the profitability of the industry is expected to improve.
Average daily cost and utilization of semi-submarine drilling platforms (>7500ft) for global drilling vessels (>7500ft)
Figure 64 Average daily cost and utilization of the Middle East self-infested drilling platform (361-400ic) is expected to provide a significant performance recovery.
The rate of use of the rigs and the oil prices on the calendar day shows a time lag. Oil prices have gradually recovered from low points to high levels since 2020, with the company’s workload and efficiency rising by 9.4 pct and 1.1 pct, respectively, until 2022.
The daily rate of use is more than 90%, which is still larger than the current (updated data to November 2023) real value of 79.9%.
In 2022, the company's drilling platform earned $78,000 per day and the total revenue from drilling operations was $10,346 million, rising in the same year, respectively. The oil price has not yet led to a return to the same level of oil price below which we believe will be passed to the point at which the drilling rigs will arrive, the company's daily fees and workload will continue to improve, and the drilling rig revenues are expected to improve considerably.
Figure 67 shows an expected improvement in the revenue from the drilling plate, and the semi-submarine drilling platform is expected to bring additional performance to the company. The daily income from the semi-submersible drilling platform has a significant advantage over the self-enhancement, with income from the semi-submersible and self-enhancement platforms of $123 million and $690 million, respectively, in the first three quarters of 2023.
Since 2021, the utilization of the company's semi-submarine drilling platform has been increasing, with the availability of the same day-to-day utilization rate up to 2023q3, 13.2 ptt, which is expected to increase further as the future domestic operation of the Deep Blue Explorer platform and the start of the North Sea operation of the booming North Sea, will generate additional performance gains for the company's drilling operations.
Figure 69 Semi-submarine drilling platforms with high daily costs and increasing usage
4.3. With steady progress, overseas performance is expected to make a breakthrough in the recovery of the international oil company ' s capital expenditure. In 2022, 11 major global oil companies increased their capital expenditure at a combined rate of 52.83 per cent. According to the capital expenditure plan announced by the companies in 2023, the combined capital expenditure increased at an approximate rate in 2023.
A growth rate of 25.22 per cent has been maintained. Compared with the combined capital expenditure reported by companies in the three-quarters of the year, the majority of firms have completed between 60 and 80 per cent of their annual capital expenditure plan, with the exception of Devonergy and Marathonoil, where real capital expenditure has been incurred in the third quarter.
Figure 70 Capital expenditures of major oil companies ($ billion) The market pattern of the Chinese marine oil suit “1+2+n” has evolved. China’s marine oil suit operations are widely distributed around the world and are constantly accelerating the international business layout, deepening the “one-way” initiative and international energy cooperation to win client approval.
The external market has been expanding, with the total value of new overseas contracts signed in 2022 reaching an all-time high of $3.535 billion. As of 15 August 2023, overseas lock-in contracts had exceeded $1.5 billion, overseas contracts had exceeded $5 billion, new service areas such as Uganda, Canada, Thailand, and high-end customers such as ExxonMobil, tica.
The “1+2+n” market pattern, with the Middle East and South-East Asia on both sides, will lead to positive growth in the overseas region. The “1+2+n” market pattern in the middle of the figure 73 has seen a major breakthrough in the overseas market.
Several long-term contracts for drilling platform services totalling about RMB 14 billion, close to the company’s revenues in the first half of 2022. In 2023, the company signed several drilling contracts with Norway and Mexico, with fixed duration and a selection period of up to five years. Platform services contracts (fixed duration of RMB 4.7 billion) and land integration technical services contracts (RMB 900 million) respectively, marking China’s oil and sea oil.
The management capacity and quality of drilling services and technical services are fully recognized by leading international oil companies.
Good, mainly because (1) international oil companies remain cautious about oil and gas exploration and development investments, while international oil field service competition remains intense, and the prices and usage of large parts of the company's equipment abroad are low; (2) the epidemic has caused, among other things, stagnation in overseas operations in recent years, rising fixed costs but unacknowledged revenues. As the situation improves, oil prices are now high.
International upstream exploration and development activities are also expected to resume at below-level, while corporate technology is increasing international recognition and customer quality, and corporate overseas operations are expected to develop ground-breaking.
Figure 74 shows a recovery in the share of offshore bunkers, drilling plates: we believe that oil prices will be passed to the point where the drilling plates will arrive, company daily fees and workloads will continue to improve, drilling is expected to improve substantially, and the daily revenues of semi-submarine drilling platforms are expected to improve significantly and their utilization is expected to increase significantly.
Further upscaling, with higher daily fees, will bring additional performance to the company's drilling operations. We assume that the next three years will be a self-incented drilling wells Field technical services plate: the oil field technical services plate will continue to rise in relation to the company's revenue ratio and the Maori rate will remain a high-water wells, wells, wells etc. break-through monopoly, subcontracting costs will continue to decline, and there will be prospects for significant orders at home and abroad.
Capital expenditure for upstream exploration and development is highly correlated, assuming domestic upstream capital expenditure and taking into account technological advances to measure corporate oil Ship service plates and object exploration panels: the company ship service plates actively expand the path of ship service in the new circumstances. Daily revenue and fleet utilization in the context of industry booms are expected to rise, assuming the ship service plate revenue is expected to rise in the future3
In view of the fact that the market performance of the garment companies is largely determined by oil prices and company performance, we believe that the current hub of oil prices is high and has the potential to sustain medium-high shocks, and that the company ' s performance is guaranteed, on the one hand, by the State ' s policy of increasing production and the exploitation of oil exploration in China and China,
Determinability and continuity; on the other hand, companies have taken a combination of measures to further optimize their performance in the multi-faceted enabling industries of asset transformation, technological accumulation and market development. As integrated companies, companies, with stable orders, strong performance stability and industry performance elasticity, we believe that a higher valuation could be given, with a net return on profits expected from the company for the period 2023-2025, respectively.
The corresponding figure is 21.93x/16.90x/13.65x. We have selected four representative firms in the domestic garment industry as comparable companies, with certainty and incrementality, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating. 1) Macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices: macroeconomic fluctuations may affect global oil and gas demand, and hence oil price survival
Downside risks. Oil prices have a role to play in the conductivity of oil companies, and lower oil prices will inhibit oil companies ' exploration and development activities, thus reducing the risk of geopolitical instability in the Middle East region in the near future, which may have an impact on global oil and gas supply and demand, leading to sharp fluctuations in international energy prices and leading to an impact on corporate profitability in the garment industry;
3) Upstream capital expenditure does not match the expected risks: the performance of the oil companies is highly correlated with the upstream capital expenditure of the oil companies, and capital expenditure on upstream exploration and development will affect the position of the companies ' orders and hence the performance of the companies; 4) offshore operations are not as developed as expected: international oil companies remain cautious about investment in oil and gas exploration and development.
Competition for oilfield services remains intense, and changes in the prices and usage rates of some large equipment operations abroad can have an impact on the company’s performance.Appendix: Predicted Values of the Three Statements, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of research findings, and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.