(b) Dynamic study/non-ferrous metals industry, annual report of China ' s aluminium industry for 2016, with operating income of $14.465 billion, an increase of 16.68 per cent in the same year, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $402 million, an increase of 170.82 per cent in the same year;
The increase in profits from the aluminum and trading plates of the company is evident, with pre-tax profits rising to 2,184 million yuan and 809 million yuan, showing good momentum; while pre-tax profits from the aluminium oxide plates have been halved to 945 million yuan due to falling prices, they have been reduced to 945 million yuan.
The energy plate was relatively stable. We believe that the prices of primary and electrolytic aluminium continued to rise in 2017, and that the company’s profitability of its main products continued to improve.
\triangleright strict cost-cutting in the main business is the focus of the company: the company's electricity institutional reform and operations management
This has resulted in a significant reduction in operating costs, with costs for aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium products falling by 12 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively, respectively; the restructuring of difficult enterprises and the effective placement of dislocated workers have significantly increased labour productivity in the main camps; and the inventory of assets has generated off-the-shelf income of nearly 830 million yuan.
According to our calculations, this year ' s warming season will reduce the production of aluminium oxide by 4.66 million tons, corresponding to a reduction in the supply of raw materials of 2.39 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, compared to a 1.14 million tons of electrolytic aluminium.
The company is the country’s largest producer of aluminium oxide, and will benefit fully from this. The price of electrolytic aluminium and aluminium oxide has fallen, and the company’s operating costs have not been effectively reduced.
I. Aluminium prices are up and costs are down, and performance is good The company is the leader of the Chinese aluminium industry and is a resource exploration and exploitation company that collects bauxite and coal, produces, sells and develops technology for the production, sale and development of aluminium, aluminium and aluminium alloy products, international trade, the logistics industry, power generation from fire and new energy sources.
There are 39 fully-owned subsidiaries and holding companies, of which 18 are fully-owned companies and 21 are holding companies. The company ' s products are widely used for military engineering, aerospace, orbital transport, and people.
(i) All the improvements in aggregate performance, with the turnover of the aluminium industry in China varying from $14.465 billion in 2016, an increase of 16.68 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $402 million attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, an increase of 170.82 per cent in the same year; and a basic gain of $0.02 per share, an increase of 100 per cent in the same year.
The main business plate is the main driver of this year's profit growth. The profits of the original aluminium plate and the trading plate in the five major business plates have increased significantly, showing good momentum; the aluminium oxide plate, although halved due to lower prices, is still, together with the original aluminium and the trading plate, the three main drivers of the current year's profits; and the energy plate is more stable, while headquarters and other operating boards are performing fairly well.
In aluminium oxide plates, corporate business income and pre-tax earnings have declined, mainly due to a 15 per cent reduction in aluminium oxide prices, but the impact of prices has been partially offset by a 12 per cent decrease in costs and gains recognized in fair value measurement after disposal of Shanxihua equity. In 2016, the group produced 12.3 million tons of aluminium oxide, a 9.5 per cent reduction from its previous year ' s production; and sales (excluding self-use)
In the original aluminium plate, the company ' s operating income, while decreasing on a year-to-year basis, increased its profits, largely due to the cost of the original aluminium product, which was 17 per cent lower than in the same period last year. In 2016, the company produced and sold 2.95 million tons of electrolytic aluminium and 2.9 million tons of sales, respectively.
In the trading section, the double-growth of the group’s business income and pre-tax earnings was reversed, mainly because the price of the product was higher and the inventory was increased at the right time. In the energy section, the group’s operating income was almost the same as in the previous year, but the disposal of non-current assets led to a higher profit.
In 2016, the concept of the company ' s energy base was implemented with remarkable success. On the external front, the company negotiated with the direct power plant owner to reduce the cost of outsourcing; and within the group, the company managed fine-tuning to reduce the number of non-stops in its own power plants.
Low coal energy consumption reduces the cost of autonomous power generation. Eventually, companies spend around 16 per cent of their annual electricity consumption, while the cost of out-of-house electricity is 18.03 per cent lower than the cost, saving about 2,854 million yuan.
Under the concept of “market-to-cost, cost-to-reform” the company has developed a system of evaluation centred on cost-budget - based on cost-control tests supported by profit appraisals, with the results of the evaluation of the jobs of the employees concerned and the distribution of remuneration