Data+smart terminal drive, q1 performance over-expected growth Events: 25-year quarterly reports issued by companies, 34.998 billion in operating income achieved in 25-year-a-quarter data+smart terminal driver q1 performance over-expected growth. Company 25q1 crop yields doubled on a year-on-year basis
Long, with significant advances in multiple product lines, the results of the diversified layout are becoming more pronounced. By category, the company ' s high performance computing business has doubled its growth, in which the data business has already reached full-scale stocking, with customers covering head Internet producers and pushing the data business q1 revenue out of 10 billion public dollars.
The Division’s smartphone business, leading the world’s smartphone odm field, is an important supplier to a number of well-known domestic and international terminals, with a significant head effect, and smartphone business revenue has doubled over the year. Companies can wear business income, double over the year, and have grown in smart watches, smart bracelets, wireless ears.
The “3+n+3” strategic upgrade has been effective, and the “china+vmi” global supply chain has built the moat. Companies have completed the strategic upgrade of the “3+n+3” smart products platform to build smartphones and personal computers.
And data centre operations are three core mature operations, with derivative expansion covering intelligent life, total equity/flow (billion shares) word productivity and multi-product mix of data centre-wide solutions, while actively expanding the steam.
Car electronics, software, and robotics are three emerging areas. The company has built up large-scale R & D, manufacturing, and supply in two locations, depending on its top/minimum price advantage, mature industrial chain clusters in the geographical regions of Donggu and Nanchang within a 12-month period.
The chain center provides efficient and agile end-to-end services to clients. Global manufacturing arrangements have been set up overseas in Vmi Vietnam, Mexico, India, and in 2024, mass production was achieved in India and Viet Nam.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report