A joint venture to speed up the layout of the blue sea market for power-carrying robots has recently issued an announcement of a board decision agreeing to work with Billion G.T.S., Tianjin.
The Power Group Ltd. co-financed the establishment of the National Network Riga (Tianjin) Smart Robotics Ltd., which provided $100 million for the establishment of a joint venture between A and the co-directorate of 100 million carats and three sources of electricity, the development of a robotic operation with electric power, which accounted for 40% of the share: according to a recent company announcement, South China is the only country in the world that has ever seen the growth of the electricity industry.
The board of directors has five members, and Nanxi nominated the chairman and recommended a director; in management, Nanxi recommended the deputy director general and financial director. In addition, the three parties recommended the deputy director general and financial director.
1. The three-quarter review of the State Electric Quarterly - the single-quarter Māori rate The competitive ban provides that each of the operations of the electric robotics can only be carried out through a joint venture, which helps each party to devote its resources to the joint venture as a flagship company in the sub-area.
Power inspection robots are entering the full roll-out phase, and Nanwe is using the product to cut into the robotic field.
An important way of dealing with the accident has been the gradual expansion of the application landscape from 110kv and above to super-high voltage 3.
The models ranged from 40 to 50 billion dollars; after the restructuring of the country in 2017, the robotics industry was established as an important component in the field of smart manufacturing, and it is now unique in technology and markets, especially in the areas of inspection of machine signals, software such as surveillance, video analysis, ai algorithms, system formations, etc.
At the beginning of the industrialization of electric-powered robotics, 30,000 companies are expected to share the benefits of the industry: electric-powered robots are an important step in replacing manual operations, especially high-altitude operations, and the application of technology such as one, big data, image recognition, and the location of the country’s grid at a high level of grid-connection.
The space is huge. According to Nanxi Group projections, by 2023, the robotics industry will be only powered by 2.3 billion, with an overall powered robot potential of 10 billion, and Nanxi will be able to share the dividends with billions of caricaturing and three sources of electricity.
The robot is a leader in technology; now, in the second generation of deployments, the third generation of products will be on the verge of becoming the next generation of robotics in the South Swe distribution grid, which, in cooperation with the hundreds of thousands of Gs and depths, will advance their technological development and (8621) 60935389.
The process of industrialization and the iterative process of power-bearing robotics technology will open up new opportunities for companies to develop, with companies expected to return to their net electricity grid automation in 2019-2021 not investing as much as expected; the intensification of the Central American trade war; and the possible expansion of new industries.
1. Power inspection robots are in the full rollout phase, and Nanry is using this product to cut into robots. The electricity industry is one of the most advanced and earliest uses of robots and drones.
Robots and patrol drones respond to smart grid surveillance, video applications, and so forth. The search machine is primarily aimed at the 110kv and above transformer stations, which are electro-surveillance robots and have been gradually expanded over the last two years as the application is advanced to sub-high voltage transformers and distribution switches.
It should be used to monitor and monitor the physical properties of transmission lines, their bending and deformation, physical damage, and the external environment, such as ice cover monitoring, wood detection, etc., in the area of transmission circuit inspection.
Chart 2: An electrical drone patrol application scenario Chart 4: Million Carels and an outdoor inspection robot Chart 3: An electric inspection robot from the Zhejiang Central Control Group
Chart 6: Neo Pine 5g Smart Inspection Robots Chart 5: Sandunlu Lidar Combine Smart Inspection Robots for Navigation and Conversion Stations
The electricity sector is the main area of robotic applications, and in 2013 the national grid began to monitor transformer stations. The total size of the domestic inspection robot market is between 40 and 50 billion dollars a year. This market includes, inter alia, transformer stations and distribution stations, and not electricity inspection drones.
State-owned electricity companies such as Nanxie and Shandong-eun, which have taken the lead in this field, are now leading companies in the field. Unlike the power inspection robots, which are in full scale and are in the early stages of deployment, they are currently deployed in very few areas, such as Tianjin and Guangzhou.
After restructuring in 2017, the country has identified a number of new industrial developments in which robots form an important part of intelligent manufacturing. So far, company inspectors have become unique in technology and markets, with the exception of companies.
As an energy information technology firm, the company’s strengths are often concentrated in soft materials, with the main technical advantages of checking robotic signals, monitoring software, video analysis, video analysis, etc.
Ai algorithms, systems configurations, not hardware, robot shells, etc. Productions. 2. Joint ventures are being formed by the strong and the strong, and Nanxi is accelerating the process of industrialization of power-carrying robots in the Blue Sea market.
2.1 The industrialization of electric robotics has just begun, and the construction of electric robots in general and electricity grids in particular, and the replacement of electric robots in particular for manual work, especially high-altitude work, is an important step towards high-tech technology in our electricity industry. In order to avoid the effects of power outages on society, electricity operators in some cases are not.
There is a need to move away from power-carrying operations, where, under the traditional hand-held operation, electric operators are required to perform high-risk tasks such as electrical installations such as electrical break wires, electrical wires, electrical reloaders, circuit breakers, etc. in high-voltage electrical equipment. In 1999, for the first time in the country, the power-carrying robots were set up.
Under the auspices of the national grid research project, the Shandong Electric Research Institute, together with Shandongru Corporation, which has limited intelligence technology, has been working on a robotics with electric power, which has officially opened the country's electric robotics industry, capable of running a series of high-voltage electrical equipment tests, testing and other dangerous high-altitude operations.
This will significantly reduce the time spent in previous power outages and provide better security for first-line power workers. Robots with electric power typically need high safety, speed, adaptability, commonity, etc., of which high safety is at the core.
The way robotics operate is compatible with the concept of general electrical connection. With ai, image recognition, big data technology, laser positioning, active infrared bi-directional navigation technology, in the field of electro-operational robotics, the efficiency and accuracy of electro-operational robotic operations are expected to improve significantly.
This is a reversal of the traditional passive manual recovery model of the past and a shift to a full-time intelligent control model. And the general electricity connection released in March this year is a full use of information technology such as mobile Internet, i.e., an interconnected, interactive intelligence service system with a full sense of state.
Information-efficient processing features. You can see the way robotics work and the general location of electricity grids, the high convergence of ideas, and the prospect of a major increase in the new wave of power grids. The increase in robot prices is clear, and the market space is going to reach 10 billion standards.
With the introduction and application of grid-connected robots, which are expected to be assigned additional functions such as connection to power system services, volatilization systems, distribution management systems, etc., to enhance intelligent levels such as vehicle positioning, job parameters, televising, etc., the unit price of the product is expected to increase further on the basis of basic products.
The Nanse Group predicts that by 2023, the robotics industry alone will be 2.3 billion. Also, the robotics can be used for power transmission, transformation, distribution, etc., so we're going to be able to reach 10 billion standards for the whole robotics market around 2023.
See, if an electric class can be equipped with an electric robot, the domestic demand space will either coincide with figure 8: the power-bearing robotics approach and the general electricity network concept 2.2 to form a joint venture with industry leading enterprises to share the dividends of the industrial eruption.
In recent days, the company announced a Board of Directors decision, agreeing to co-finance the establishment of the National Network Riga (Tianjin) Smart Robotics Corporation, Inc.
The first tri-partite contribution is 100 million, 100 million, and 50 million, respectively, representing 40%, 40%, and 20% of the registered capital.
1) Joint venture governance structure: shareholders exercise their voting rights in proportion to their contributions. The joint venture has a board of directors consisting of five directors, one of whom is the chairman.
One general manager, one deputy general manager, and one financial director. For a total of 100 grand, the deputy general manager and the chief financial officer are recommended by the State. 2) All tri-partite electric robotic operations can only be carried out through a joint venture.
The prohibition on competition, which requires that the parties do not conduct their own operations without the consent of the joint venture, such as electric-powered robotics, machine-operated research and development, production, sales, etc., helps the parties to devote their resources to creating the joint venture as a flagship company in the subsector. Moreover, the joint venture is not agreed upon by the joint venture.
The three joint ventures have technical and market advantages in the field of power-bearing robotics: the second generation of power-bearing robots has been deployed in Tianjin, and the third generation of power-bearing machines are being promoted.
In May 2019, the Third World Smart Congress was held in Tianjin, where a robot based on i technology, developed jointly by Nanxi Group and Neptune Power, was successfully demonstrated, followed in August by the product as the world’s first one based on i technology, a robot operating on i technology in the New Zone of Tianjin.
Induction, the robot can be used extensively in the field of electrical distribution, and can be used as a puncture clip to achieve the power-connected current operation. According to Nanxi Group, the R & D project team is accelerating the development of a third generation of products that could further achieve such functions as power-wiring, power-wireding and ravaging wires, and power-disrupting currents.
The three-generation product plan was completed on September 30, this year. Chart 9: Progress of the robotics in the grid-connected operation of the U.S.
Figure 10: U.S. grid-connected robotic nuclear and technological indicators in Kalman filters, sensor integration technology
A single-phase operation, a machine in a complex environment without touching its arms.
Main Path Planning Technology, 3) Based on Insulation Wiring Tool
On March 28 this year, hundreds of millions of carats and heavy pounds released the company’s 2019 strategic core product – robots with electric power in the open room. On March 28, this year, hundreds of millions of carats and a new product launch in Nanjinglong, at which they officially launched robots with electric power in the open room.
Switching to auto-adapting operations strategies, using mechanical arms to grab and replace different tools to ensure that, while providing normal power, alternative operators complete complex, dangerous high-altitude electrical functions such as feeder-lined connections.
Low operational difficulty, improved quality of operation and improved reliability of power supply.
Investments in electricity grid automation are not as expected; the Chinese-American trade war has escalated; and the expansion of emerging industries may not be as expected. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market has resulted in an average of the final rating, which is then calculated as the average investment in the market.