In the three-quarterly review of the state's power supply, the rate of growth has slowed and the rate of Maori has improved.
The net return profit is equal to 7.3 per cent, and is delayed by changes in accounting estimates, resulting in an increase in the co-opt ratio of Māori q3 instead of the net return ratio, mainly as a result of structural changes. Three quarters correspond to an increase in the product class ratio of eps, leading to an upturn in the current period in the same ring ratio.
In the second half of the year, investment in the electricity network fell thinly, and intelligent investment continued to grow structurally; however, downstream construction slowed down, grid automation camp growth is expected to drop, and the Maori rate is expected to pick up again. The construction of the downstream portion of the project, which was affected by the national holiday, slowed down at the end of the third quarter, and is expected to have a positive impact on the current rate of growth.
It is expected that the pick-up rate in the section will return somewhat; however, the order structure in the pipeline shows a positive contribution to the current Māori rate by increasing the order ratio. Moreover, a new generation of dispatch systems is expected to begin gradually in 19-20, and Nanxi is expected to remain monopolistic.
The ICM is a bright spot that benefits from the full-scale development of electricity grids and is expected to grow robustly: Nanxi is the core unit that supports the grid, and the information network is expected to continue to accelerate. In the case of electricity grids, progress is being made, from the information-based tender observation to the construction phase is well under way.
The central unit in the construction of the Internet, Nanwe, which received almost half of the mark in the national Internet information service, is expected to benefit fully from the dividends of the construction.
Import of core technology, industrial evolution of igbt
The Māori ratio is expected to be under pressure: approval of new lines is expected by the end of the year, new orders are expected to meet expectations, ICT+Movement+Expressive Growth, while a new generation of movement control systems, super-high pressure-driven corporate performance and corporate profits are expected to grow steadily
Real steady growth 2019-04-30 anticipated; IT operations, movement control operations, ultra-high-pressure operations and flexible direct-flow projects were lower than expected The balance of income and net return profit was equal to 7.3 per cent, and was delayed by changes in accounting estimates, resulting in a 4.3 per cent increase in net non-repatriation profit.
The company published three-quarterly reports in 2019, which resulted in operating income of $17.18 billion, an increase of 0.12 per cent over the reporting period; realized profits of $2,625 million, a decrease of 7.44 per cent over the same period; realized net profits attributable to the parent company of $2,146 million, a decrease of 7.32 per cent, a decrease of 5-10 per cent over the same period; achieved net profit deductions of $2,013 million, an increase of 4.3 per cent over the third quarter, an increase of 4.3 per cent over the same period.
The higher Māori ratio of product classes has led to a similar and ring-up of Māori in the current period. In the second half of the year, investment in power grids has shrunk, and smart investment has continued to grow structurally; however, downstream construction has slowed down, and the growth of the grid’s self-motivated camps is expected to improve, and Māori rates are expected to pick up.
In the second half of the year, investment in the electricity grid fell slightly, but the whole was still weak. On the one hand, the domestic manufacturing landscape has been relatively low since 19 years, with electricity increasing at a slower rate; on the other hand, a further 10 per cent reduction in the national business target in 19 has put some pressure on the operation of the national grid, with the q1-3 network group collecting 1987 billion yuan, or +3 per cent;
The second half of the year is projected to be better than in the first half of the year, and the structural growth of smart investment in the electricity sector has brought about growth in companies, with a second set-up better than one in the context of the national network bidding process. The structural growth of smart investment in the electricity grid, on the one hand, and large future access to distributed energy, on the other hand, is expected.
Moving from power-side automation to power-side automation, the end-of-user market is an important direction for corporate growth: on the other hand, new energy access imposes higher demands on the grid, and the ability of future grids to absorb new energy needs to be further enhanced, which imposes higher demands on the intellectualization of dispatch and security stabilization technologies.
In the case of tenders for electrical equipment, there was an overall decline in the three tenders from 19 years ago, but structurally, the two tenders for equipment (protective, transformable) grew better. As the leader of the country’s secondary equipment, the country’s share in the 19-year series of national grid calls increased, and the secondary barriers to equipment were higher and more sticky.
At the company level, the growth rate is expected to fall, but the Māori rate rises. The construction of the downstream portion of the project, which was affected by the national holiday, slowed down at the end of the third quarter, is expected to have an impact on the current recovery rate, and the yield of the plate is expected to fall: from the structure of the order, however, the product-type order ratio rises, and the Māori ratio is expected for the current period.
The current d5,000 system, which began in 2013, has been in place for almost six years, from demonstration provincial companies to state-to-state companies to ground-to-ground. New power sources on the power side are now increasing, network-side super-high-pressure network trends, and load side market reforms require technical support.
New demands have been placed on the grid movement control system, the next generation of the movement control system is now in the research and development phase, and it is expected to begin gradually in 19-20 years, particularly in the context of the electricity grid, a new generation of the movement control system is expected to replicate the D5,000-country network-led format, and the southern Swe is expected to continue to maintain its monopoly position and to have greater space.
Connectivity is a bright spot, benefiting from full-scale electrical connection, which is still expected to grow robustly; Nanxi is the central unit that supports it, and ICT is expected to continue to accelerate.
The goals of the electricity grid were set in the “two meetings” of the national network, with a full deployment meeting in March, a General Electricity Network 2019 construction programme in April and a White Paper 2019 in October, marking the basic completion of the top-level design.
In 19 years, tenders for sub-information services and hardware were opened for priority construction tasks such as data hubs, calibration, marketing 2.0, multi-dimensional enrichment, web-based electricity grids and in-kind id for 57 priority tasks, with only the new additional services category bidding involving 156 packages, higher than 1 to 4 batches, exceeding $1.4 billion, “generally”
The construction phase is under way. Swe is tracking projects of more than $20 billion in size, the entire city's orders are expected to reach 10 billion in size this year, the national network “initially built in 2021” is well-targeted and fast-paced, and the scale of investment is expected to grow further next year.
As a central unit supporting the country’s grid in electricity networking, Swe has won almost half of the national grid information services, and is expected to benefit fully from the dividends of the construction. In electricity networking, companies have set up dedicated teams, increased research and development inputs, and participated fully in the country’s network at the top of the grid.
Programs and ad hoc program design. From the winning results, the group as a whole won 43 packages, or about 28%, of the new tender for services this year. The winning bid is nearly half the amount. As the construction progresses, Namwe’s information order is expected to continue to grow and drive section performance.
The decline in investment in power grid equipment, the sub-optimal push process, and the pressure on next-to-back and flexible block collection, and the Maori rate forecast; approval of new lines is expected to be approved by the end of the year, and new orders are expected to land gradually. The 1809 t-pressure construction is restarted, a new cycle is set in motion, but progress is slightly slower than expected.
The government has issued a 5-to-7 direct-pressure announcement, and since the resumption of the ultra-high-pressure investment, projects such as Qinghai-Henan, Zhangbei-Yuanan, Xingbei-Hubei-Hubei have been approved, tendered and built steadily. We estimate that the 5-to-7 round will result in an additional order of $50-60 billion for the main equipment, of which the flow valves plus protective equipment will be replaced.
More than 10 billion new orders, exceeding the overall city share of Nanjibo + Pre Project by historical orders, were consistently high in 19 and gradually confirmed performance from the second half of the year. In January and September 2019, the company continued to have a high share of Qinghai-Kingnan-Kingbei-Wuhan, and Yadung-Jan-Jan-Sitt.
Exchanges of product orders, such as flow valves, control protections, and camera adjustments, amount to over $3 billion. The super-pressure line construction cycle is about 1.5-2 years, with equipment providers gradually confirming, by percentage of income, that large quantities of energy-saving equipment have been leased and the integration and other sections are expected to continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year.
Lease orders for large quantities of energy-saving equipment, netting, etc., as well as some integrated orders (outsourcing of equipment), are expected to drive higher profits from corporate sector revenues. Eighteen years of “energy-saving equipment rental projects” reported in construction work, amounting to $8.86 billion, with an account balance of $2.87 billion, a significant increase of $1.4 billion compared with the $1.47 billion reported at the beginning of the year, and a projected increase in rental income of q3 is expected to follow.
The remaining projects continue to be built, revenue will be recognized inland for five to eight years after construction, and there is still much room for growth in the section’s performance. The high rate of gross profit in leasing operations, on the one hand, is the profits of the equipment itself, and on the other hand, the rental cost revenue, which is sustainable, with several times the growth potential in the long term.
The cost rate rose slightly, mainly as a result of the cost of equity incentives, the increase in loans, and the increase in the proportion of products sold. Companies also increased the sales of their products on a year-on-year basis, raising the cost of sales such as the confirmed bid bond.
The construction of the Pan-Purpose Network is expected to drive high growth in corporate information boards, while a new generation of dispatch systems, super-high pressure-driven companies doublepe, maintain a “buy-in” rating. Operations, movement control operations, ultra-high pressure operations, and flexible straight-flow projects fall short of expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board