Pulse petrochemicals (002493) Release of petrochemicals with a net gain of 231% over the same period
According to the company ' s announcement, 20 million tons of petrochemical integration project phase I was released during the reporting period, while parts of phase II were put into operation. In addition, 1 million tons of bottle-grade slices were gleaned and 500,000 tons were gleaned south of China during the reporting period.
In the reporting period, sales in the petrochemical sector increased by 24.37 million tons, or 190 per cent, and collected $82.2 billion, or 85 per cent less than in the same year, mainly by recategorizing storage and transportation costs from the original sales costs to operating costs.
The company’s performance is expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace, as the situation subsides and phase II projects. Cost advantages: the company’s project is right in time, financing is good, and cost control is good.
Hydrocarbon devices save about 4 billion dollars compared to domestic installations of the same size, significantly reducing unit investment costs; By completing a fixed increase of 4 billion yuan, the Department reduced loan interest expenditure and financial costs; and higher automation of installations reduced human costs: the use of by-product hydrogen gas to process fuel oil into stone-brain oil reduced production costs.
Stewardship: The production of the company’s main product categories is in the lead in the same industry, and the expansion of production is conducive to increasing the stability of the operation of the production apparatus and the quality of the product, improving the efficiency of production, reducing unit investment costs and unit consumption, thus making the company’s products more competitive in the market. The company’s production is larger and requires a large quantity of raw materials every year.
The company’s px production capacity is 5.6 million tonnes/year, or about 21.5% of the total national capacity in 2020; the company’s holding and participation capacity is about 13 million tonnes, the world’s largest. The industrial chain mix advantages: after many years of development and improvement, the company has “oil-aromatic hydrocarbons (px), aromatic hydrocarbons (pta), etc.”
Meg - polyesters - competitive advantages in the integration of the chains of the industry of silk, film, bottle. Area advantages: company refining and pta bases in large chains of the “Call Sea Economic Circle”, Ningbo in the “Long Triangular Economy Circle” and the “Marine Silk Road” estuaries. The company is located at the domestic textile industry bases and the national chemical fibre raw materials.
Regional advantages greatly facilitate the production and marketing of corporate fibre-optics products. The future pattern of supply and demand in the petrochemical sector is expected to continue to improve as a result of the policy drive.
In the field of petrochemicals, new 10 million tonnes/year of constant depressure, 1.5 million tonnes/year of catalytic fission, and 1 million tonnes/year of continuous recombination (arocarbon pumping) etc. are included in the restricted category.
The pattern of supply and demand in the petrochemical sector is expected to continue to improve in the face of recovery and the phasing out of production capacity. The report states that the net profits of the company over 19 years can lead to high performance growth and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Prices of finished oils and chemical products have fallen; company capacity has slowed down. Yang: Nanjing University Land Department, in conjunction with Rutgers University, Department of Chemicals, United States of America, developed a PhD (Earth exploration and information technology, calculating the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources), undergraduate specializing in geochemistry.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.