Emeritus petrochemical (002493) Performance growth is expected, building projects progressing steadily to strengthen corporate value Investment rating: buy-in (maintain)
27 April, company announcement 2021, first quarter. According to announcement, performance in the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of 2021 increased on a year-on-year basis.
1. The first performance period will be delivered and the second phase will be further expanded to price (left axis): unit: yuan/tonne.
In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved a gross profit of $6,047 million, an increase of $3.509 billion. In the third quarter, the performance of the public sector increased significantly, with the ZEP II financial cost rising by $1,119 million, or 88.07 per cent, mainly because of the current interest in the petrochemicals of its subsidiaries.
The decrease of 81.44 per cent over the same period is due mainly to the transfer of sales and shipping charges, etc., to operating costs during the reporting period when the company implemented the new revenue guidelines; the increase of 77.51 per cent in R & D costs; the increase in net cash inflows from the company ' s current purchase and sale operations; and net cash flows from investment activities amounting to $18,423 million
This represents an increase of 77.44% over the same period, mainly due to the net cash expenditure associated with the construction of the subsidiary ' s petrochemical project, which is the result of increased bank borrowing by the subsidiary ' s petrochemicals in the current period.
● Phase II installations are being put into production, other integrated power is being built, companies have long-term investment value. On April 16, 2021, 281.4 million tonnes per year of ethylene products were produced from ethylene installations under Phase II projects, and the devices were successfully driven.
Aromatic hydrocarbons and products such as 300,000 tonnes/year downstream, 400,000 tonnes/year high-pressure polyethylene. Overall, the second phase of the project produces more output and adds more value to the product, and will generate more profits for the company, which currently has some size and technical advantages in terms of crude oil, refining, pta, polyester.
In 2021, ZP was the first to receive 2 million tons of finished oil and 390,000 tons of low-sulphur ships to develop a product export business. The company’s equity capacity was 3 million tons per year in the construction of the 6 million tonnes/year pta project.
Prominent chemical workers, producing interpentadiene resins, hydrogen chloride dcpd resins, dcpd thermal poly resins, industrial double-cyclopentadiene, industrial acetic acid plants, which can be used as raw materials for pta production or for oil preparation, using as a feedstock for the production of pta.
The value of the company’s long-term investment is to be expected. Project construction is not as high as expected: crude oil prices are highly volatile: product prices are falling sharply: market demand is not.
Contact person: Wang Peng, Master of Chemistry, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, University of Tianjin, four years of experience in energy chemical engineering, many years of experience in project investment assessment and market research, use of legally compliant information, independent and objective production of this report, data and information used in this report from open information in the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these information, and without any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.