CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
SANY Heavy Industry – A (600031 CH)
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Low market expectation after 3Q21 results; Electric products
BUY (Maintain)
and export to serve as medium term drivers
Target Price
RMB30.00
(previous TP
RMB30.00)
We believe the 3Q21 earnings (-35% YoY) has set a low base and expectations
Up/Downside
+31%
for the coming quarters, suggesting that further significant downside on valuation
Current Price
RMB22.96
should be limited. In the near term, we expect a risk reduction driver will come
from the stabilization of gross margin as sharp increase raw material price and
China Capital Goods
freight rate from the current high level looks less likely. Besides, the speed-up of
local government bond will help improve the machinery demand in China market.
Wayne Fung, CFA
In the medium term, SANY has set to become a global tier-one player, on the
back of clear roadmap on overseas expansion, fast growing electric products and
cutting edge technology in intelligent production. Maintain BUY and TP of RMB30,
Stock Data
based on 14x 2021E PE.
■ Clear roadmap on overseas expansion. According to SANY, the Company
currently ranks No. 5 in the global market (excluding China). SANY not only
ranks No.1 in 15 countries (major country: Indonesia), but also ranks No.2 in
India, Chile and Philippine. Besides, SANY has already achieved 5% market
share in each the countries including Russia, Canada, France, UK and New
Zealand. Going forward, SANY will continue to put the focus not only on the
developing regions but also the developed regions such as Europe and US.
SANY plans to build lighthouse factories in Europe to in order to ensure
production and delivery, reduce cost and promote the brand. Besides, SANY
has already established leasing companies in the US, and plans to set up
leasing companies in Germany, UK, Italy and Canada.
Overseas sales target. SANY's excavator sales in overseas surged 1.33x
YoY in 9M21, significantly outpaced the industry growth of 49%. SANY targets
to achieve 1.2-1.3x YoY growth in 2021E, followed by >50% YoY in 2022E.
Source: Bloomberg
For crane machinery (overseas), SANY targets to achieve ~5% YoY in 2022E.
12-mth Price Performance
■ Excavator sales in China better than industry. SANY's excavator sales in
China grew 13% YoY in 9M21, with 3ppt market share gain YoY (+1.4ppt for
large & medium size; +4ppt for small size). Sales weakness in 3Q21 was
mainly due to the weak demand for medium size models, as a result of
sluggish property sector. SANY targets to achieve 8-10% growth this year.
■ Aggressive target of electric concrete mixer sales. The carbon reduction
targets in China have triggered significant increase in procurement for electric
mixers from the local governments. SANY delivered ~850 units of electric
mixer in 10M21. SANY plans to achieve 1.2k units (equivalent to RMB0.8-
Source: Bloomberg
1.0bn revenue) in 2021E. Going forward, SANY targets to deliver
RMB4bn/8bn/10bn revenue from electric mixer in 2022E/23E/25E.
Auditor: Ruihua CPA
Related Reports
China Construction Machinery /
HDT – 3Q21 earnings preview;
Expect 24-44% YoY earnings
Construction Machinery / HDT
Favourable policy shift;
Defensive growth amid volatile
market; Upgrade SANY Heavy
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Lighthouse factories construction in good progress. SANY has completed the
construction of 14 lighthouse factories (i.e. smart factories). Another seven plants
are under construction and most of those who will be completed in 1H22E.
Recap on 3Q21 results. Net profit dropped 35% YoY to RMB2.5bn, which is better
than our expectation. Revenue dropped only 13% YoY to RMB20.8bn, due to
strong export sales. Gross margin narrowed 5.5ppt YoY / 1.8ppt QoQ to 24.9%.
R&D expense grew 4.5% YoY to RMB1.3bn and SANY targets to maintain a
spending of RMB1.3-1.6bn for each quarter going forward. Operating cash inflow
declined 88% YoY to RMB448bn.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Key risks: (1) Unexpected slowdown of overseas business; (2) Continuous weakness of
construction activities; (3) Deterioration of operating cash flow.
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.