Industrial chain improvement, co-development of G.E.S.E.S.E.E.L.E.A. 17 November 2021.
Wei Hongmei Research Assistant: Xin Xinxin will take control of the security environment.
At the same time, the company intends to subscribe in cash to 139,414,802 shares of the security environment that have been issued to specific clients in a non-public manner, with an estimated value of $810 million.
The device will hold 409,774,802 shares in the environment of the shield, representing 38.78% of the total share of the issued environment. The environment of the shield will become a holding subsidiary of the power appliance.
16 November 2021 Central air conditioning mainframe and end-of-end equipment, as well as industrial air-conditioning dust removal and various air-conditioning heaters, whose main operations include the development, production and sale of refrigeration components, refrigeration air-conditioning equipment, as well as its production and sale
In the case of air conditioning and refrigeration, which are linked to the new infrastructure and the new consumer industry that are guided by national priority industrial policies, such as commercial air-conditioning accessories and special air-conditioning equipment, layouts 5g, interlocking, cold chains, new energy car heat management, etc., corporate holdings serve as a shield environment for the global refrigerant industry.
Roe(ttm) is conducive to increasing the company ' s competitive strength of core parts and components up the air conditioning chain, guaranteeing core zero maximum price in December ($)
In December, the lowest price (in dollar terms) will enable the company to accelerate its diversification strategy. In recent years, the environment has been stifling home ownership.
Based on the market for air-conditioning components, there has been a positive shift to high-end equipment and smart manufacturing, and the expansion of refrigeration components to intelligent control areas such as industry and automobiles.
I: Global focus on new energy car heat management systems, sensors, etc., with relevant core technology leading the international community. As a result, the Consistency Shield environment is conducive to the company ' s new energy heat manager operations through its product matrix, and to the industry of gravity in areas such as core parts and components of new energy cars.
Investment proposal: maintenance of recommended ratings. Companies are at the forefront of the domestic air-conditioning industry, expanding channels both within and outside the country, enriching product categories, while accelerating the diversification process and increasing overall competitiveness.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have either a qualification in securities investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.