q3 shows a decline in performance, but the company's share is up.
Wei Hongmei began to return to normal gradually in the second quarter, adding factors such as increased industry competition with new energy efficiency standards. q1 and q2 grew more rapidly with low base effects in 2021, and q2 made a single-season history.
Newly high. In the third quarter, domestic domestic air-conditioning was sold well, but in August-September, the domestic domestic air-conditioning industry as a whole fell due to a combination of epidemics and other factors. According to the Ovi Clouds Network, 27.570 billion yuan was retailed under the air-conditioning line, an increase of 4.5 per cent.
However, in August, domestic air-conditioning sales on/offline were $4.85 billion, down 24.7%/37.1% from the same year, and there was a slight decline in September. The sale of air-conditioning was blocked in August-September, and the company’s share of sales, though on a smaller scale, rose.
The share of retail sales on the company line was 31.2 per cent, an increase of 2.7 percentage points in the same year, top of the industry, 25.9 per cent in the line, and 1.4 percentage points in the same year, second only to the United States. During the same period, the share of retail sales on the company line was 35.6 per cent, an increase of 1.3 percentage points in the same period, keeping the industry at the top;
38.1% volume, 2.3 percentage points higher than the previous year, and 8.4 percentage points higher than the US share of below-line sales. Thus, the firm's position in the air-conditioning industry is strong, and the results of the reform of its channels are further demonstrated.
This was $6,462 million, an increase of 113.12 per cent over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to improved company sales and improved repayment capacity, which also led to three quarters of company deliveries. On the other hand, in late 2021, q3, the public sector took more active deliveries during the same period, still looking to the development of the air-conditioning industry.
Investment proposals: The company is the leader of the domestic air-conditioning industry, the expansion of internal and external channels, the gradual and anticipated expansion of product categories, the unanticipated expansion of overseas operations, exchange rate movements, etc. The rating system's “market index” reference point is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.