The company’s net profits increased almost twice in advance, and the high cost of coal was the main cause of the company’s pre-performance announcement, which is expected to return to the mother’s net profits of approximately $45.2 billion in 2017, of which $9.53 billion in net profits were realized in the fourth quarter, while yoy + 175% were in line with expectations.
As a result of policy factors such as structural changes in the supply side of the industry, an increase in sales by the Coal Association, 18 years of coal prices are expected to be high in the country, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow steadily, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Coal power, which is the main reason for the growth in performance, is being driven by a strong domestic economy.
The effects of structural reforms are evident, the power supply is weak, the demand for downstream coal, the demand for electricity, and the year-on-year rise in coal prices have led to a significant increase in performance in 17 years. On coal, sales by companies last 17 years amounted to 443.8 million tons of coal, an increase of 12.4 per cent over the previous year.
In the fourth quarter, coal sales amounted to 115.5 million tons, an increase of 8.3 per cent in the same year, and in the 17-year average price index for powered coal amounted to $585.31 per ton, an increase of 27.36 per cent in the same year. In the case of electricity, 24,625 billion was sold in 17 years, an increase of 11.6 per cent in the same year, the fourth quarter of which was sold.
The increase in the volume of electricity sold by the company, at $6,206 million, was 8.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, there has been an increase in the volume of electricity generated by the company and, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand.
Coal-chemical products polypropylene show colour, with the largest increase in the volume of corporate transport: 17 years of increased sales and prices of ethylene, polypropylene, and polypropene for all 17 years, as a result of three drops in the country, tighter environmental policies and continued warming of international oil prices.
The sales volume was 32.46, 3088 million tons, an increase of 10.9 per cent, 9.5 per cent, and prices, according to the Treasure data, the average prices for polyethylene and polypropene for 17 years were $9642 per ton, $8528 per ton, an increase of 8 per cent, 34 per cent, and polypropene for the same year.
There was an increase of 11.6 per cent, 14.0 per cent, 17.4 per cent, and 27.6 per cent in rail transport turnover, the volume of underground coal in ports, the volume of shipping freight and the volume of shipping traffic, respectively, with the largest increase in transport volume in terms of this increase.
The target of 12,665 million tonnes of capacity and 80 million tonnes of coal capacity has been actively promoted, but after the previous two years of supply-side reforms, 2018 will be a consolidation period to prevent a rebound of capacity. Meanwhile, the 18-year Coal Masters agreement price will still consist of a base price plus a floating price, while the base price will be the same.
The ratio of sales to large coal companies may increase from 80% to 90%. 18 years of supply-side reform will continue, but the focus will be deleveraging and disposal of “zombie enterprises” and coal prices in 2018 will be expected to be high and will be affected during the mild season.
Prices are likely to fluctuate seasonally, but it is estimated that they will narrow down between the swing zones. Given the steady increase in corporate performance over 18 years, we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Anticipated remuneration (expected return; er), as follows: Figure: Average price index for domestic power coal