The low-valued integrated coal taps, high dividends, highlighted investment value 29/03/18: the company ' s annual report for 2017 was released on the evening of 23 March. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of 2,487,446 million yuan, an increase of 35.83 per cent over the same period; total profits were realized.
This represents an increase of 93.0 per cent over the same year; net cash flows from operating activities amount to 95,152 million yuan, an increase of 16.2 per cent over the same year; and revenues of $2.26 per share, an increase of 98.3 per cent over the same year.
Coal sales have increased significantly, and profitability has continued to increase. In 2017, the research assistant to the left was warming downstream demand for coal, the company organized production in compliance with the law, accelerated the release of advanced capacity, and achieved an annual increase of 295 million tons of commercial coal production.
1.9 per cent, or 444 million tons of coal sales, an increase of 12.4 per cent over the same period, with companies increasing their sales of offshore coal based on tight supply and demand in the coal market, up 9.8 percentage points from year to year. The company drew down losses on its assets in the fourth quarter, resulting in a 1.75 billion dollar reduction in net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, resulting in a four-quarter increase in coal prices.
Against the backdrop of continued upgrading, net profits fell significantly from the previous three quarters (single season), with companies achieving a net return of $9.39 billion in the fourth quarter, an increase of 73.69 per cent, a 17.2 per cent decline in the ring, and a significant increase in the value of the company's coal plate, with a significant increase in coal performance. We expect the coal price hub to run at a high rate in 2018 and the company to be profitable.
The increase in the number of hours sold and generated power, the increase in the cost of hardship, and the continued decline of the power plate.As a result, the synergism of the plates has continued to show a steady increase in performance and investment.At the end of the year, the total installed capacity of the company to generate electricity reached 57,855 megawatts, an increase of 2.8 per cent compared to the end of the year, accounting for 3.3 per cent of the total installed capacity of the entire community, of which coal-fired power generation.
Assessment: Reorganization of assets in the extended industrial chain and significant enhancement of core competitiveness. Total installed capacity of aircraft, 55,984 megawatts, representing 96.8 per cent of the total installed capacity of the company, averaged 4,683 hours spent by the coal-fired unit of the company.
In 2017, the company achieved a combined sale price of $312/megawatt hours, an increase of 1.6 per cent over the same period.
Coal procurement costs for coal-fired power plants have increased, and the profitability of power plates has been affected, with company power plates achieving a Māori rate of 18.9 per cent in 2017, a decline of 9.2 percentage points from the same period in 2016. Road ports have developed in tandem with vertical integration, with more transport plates blooming.
\triangleright billion yuan, an increase of 8.9% over the same year, while the company's rail transport services continued to grow in strength and profitability. Ports: 258 million tons of coal sold in 2017, an increase of 14.0% over the same period; coal sales through the port's own ports, 228 million tons, an increase of 13.2% over the same year; port plates, an increase of $5,717 million in operating income
The shipping branch increased by 13.4 per cent in the same year: in 2017, the company achieved a shipping freight volume of 93 million tons, an increase of 17.4 per cent in the same year; the shipping turnover of 80.4 billion tons, an increase of 27.6 per cent in the same year and an operating income of 3,247 million yuan, an increase of 53.7 per cent in the same year.
In view of the vertically integrated business model of the company’s coal circuit port, the synergies between the company’s coal and transport plates should gradually become apparent in the larger context of high coal price shocks, with the company’s profitability significantly increased, maintaining its “growth” rating. Risk factors: lower than expected macroeconomics, higher than expected coal prices, and the security implications of corporate mining.
Financial data on the front page of the \triangleright report Carbon, natural gas industrial chains, special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
Toming Zhok, a Ph.D. from the China Mining University (Beijing), a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing, and a former deputy director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016, the Union Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering of the China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal sector. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering of the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management of the Chinese People’s University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.