It's a short-term pressure on performance, and intelligent education gets back to billions of dollars, and it's a little below expectations, short-term profit-taking.
Revenue grew by 2 per cent over the year, which slowed down the pace of growth. Sales returned well, with a net cash flow of $610 million (+145.7 per cent) in three quarters. The decline in profits was mainly due to: (1) financial assets such as three stockholdings, cold martial arts, commercial soup, etc., whose fair value was changed by fluctuations in stock prices.
In the same period the previous year, $338 million was reduced. (2) Costs and expenses increased. Three quarters of operating costs, higher costs, and a fall in corporate profits.
Loans are used to support equipment acquisition and upgrading in areas such as higher education institutions. The company’s on-the-job field of education has been laid out, working with the Guangdong Light Technology Institute to create “brain learning spaces” and building a total of 100 intelligent rooms, which are available to companies as the process of educational informatization progresses rapidly.
On October 25, the City Centre for Public Resource Trading published the results of the award for the " Pilot Procurement Project for Artificial Intelligent Plus Educational Applications in the Pygmy District " , which was awarded to the fully-funded subsidiary of the University of San Francisco Information Technology Ltd. for a total amount of $310 million.
In April, 490 million yuan worth of smart lake education works were completed, and 17-26 per cent of the price of the market on 28 October 2022 was taken into account.
Quest Flight: q1 is a big advance, according to the business of the field. Quest Flying: Education and Consumer Business Drivers the Ai Dividend The Epidemic Impact on Clients; Cost Control is not as good as expected; Fair Value Change Risk.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business Computer: software development