Researchchand developmentcenter argues for a new formula for American-American investment towards platform-type companies
An in-depth report by an A.M.A. (300896.sz)
Quiao Xiao Xiao (300896.sz): New skin protection products released, toc operational ideas explored 2. Emerières (300896.sz) tri-quarterly review 2023: q3 slowed down due to external environment + internal adjustment, q4 reduced pressure to meet year-round targets
3. Emeritus (23hz) performance rating: product structure optimization drives the Māori rate up and looks like a third growth curve in the future. Emerician depth report (300896.sz) argues that Americians is moving to a platform.
The top American back to market value levels at the beginning of the market, with core contradictions or inconsistencies in understanding the drivers of future growth. Markets understand them from a industry-beta perspective or product-based logic, worrying about medical consumption, and seeing the short-term growth of the Hive brand, but we think that regardless of the current product lines, they can be measured by the current product lines.
The net profit from corporate collections/repatriation is likely to double in three years, or is there much room for the market value of Emmett's products, in view of the 25-year series of products that are expected to be approved or to enter the platform-based logic. On the basis of this logic, we propose an investment formula for Emmets to move to a platform-type company = three-year doubling of the current product's performance.
Medical beauty is still the first gradient of consumption, and there is plenty of room for upscaling. For 23 years, medical beauty has been a more resilient, disaggregated track in the consumer block.
In our case, medical beauty and beauty are growing faster than other consumer paths, and the o3 growth is slightly higher than in the first half of the year, and is still more resilient. The old customer's sticky foot + the new customer still has penetration + the new product.
In addition to promoting higher unit prices for older customers, the approval of a series of water light adaptive products in 224-25, covering different price bands, and the approval of three-country compliant and high-priced photovoltaic devices, are expected to lead to an acceleration in the penetration rate of new customers. In a longer dimension, the country continues to leapfrog and add consumers to the technology of medical materials.
Preferably, we are expected to have a higher penetration rate than the US-Korean in maturity. It is estimated that in 2025 and 2030, our medical staff arrived in Emmett, with a neutral estimate that only three years of the current pipe company's performance will be considered to double the level of certainty. 1) Hi branding: the high-speed system will be expected to collect 2.42 billion yuan in 2025 and capr in 2022-2025.
A platform-type company may need to invest more, and according to our projected financial model, a 25-year back-to-back platform logic will drive corporate performance valuation double-click: (1) The success of the Hi/Angel series proves the replicability of corporate phenomenon-level branding strategies.
It's not a coincidence that the series became a billion-grade brand to the Angel series, which is expected to become the next billion-grade brand of the company. It's not a coincidence that the company's success was demonstrated by the company's management's vision of the market before the product was marketed, its understanding of the market and its understanding of it as a customer.
The market-based vision of health-care institutions is also evidence of the replicability of corporate thinking on large monolithics. (2) From phenomenon-level brands to platform-based companies, based on a product matrix of efficiency & price-wide.
According to the current queue approval list, the company's future product line is still rich and contains a unique adaptive disorder, acquiring +2 fatty track layouts, +3 photoelectric instrument layouts, +4 meat and poison layouts, +5 joint therapy sessions, in addition to taking into account existing star monolithics, and moving further to the joint therapy layout.
Sinda Securities Inc. is concerned. According to the company ' s previous phenomenon-level branding formula, the company has a single or phenomenon-level co-therapy system in the pipeline.
In Beijing, the team was able to perfect the platform-based top-level design from a reserve brand to a platform-based logic, based on sales teams, excellent management skills.
Advances are reflected in a 1kpi assessment of the different stages of life development of the product,2 which has begun to explore the toc operation approach, with the prospect of future success based on excellent products.) And if you want to consolidate the platform’s logic, enable institutions with multiple dimensions of scale effects or work for the next step.)
Lu, with a wealth of product matrices and size advantages, Emeritus is expected to become a more appropriate waiter under this logic: Medical beauty is still one of the more definite paths in consumption, whether it is granted an increase in the unit price from the penetration rate (internally driven or water driven/light driven by approval) or from the higher unit price of the new product to the better future.
We believe that high-quality track champions love America and maintain the current pipeline in line with the expected three-year growth + 25-26 years of approval of new products to start contributing incrementally + potential platform-type company logic validation values, with the space to double performance for three years, we expect 2023-
The market confidence has been weak since 2023, there has been a massive reversal of the value of the US panel, and the leader, Ames, has returned.
Market value levels at the beginning of the city, core contradictions, or inconsistencies in understanding the driving forces of future growth. We found in road shows that the market's understanding of the beauty of the market was used as a guide to the medical beauty industry, judging the company's performance by short-term industry beta, and that it viewed the beauty of the company as a product company, based on the highness and the linear nature of its sales performance during the day.
To push forward expectations, and therefore, to turn pessimistic about the future of the company when the pace of economic recovery eases to see the growth of short-term monolithic brands slow down, to ignore the fact that medical beta is still strong, especially with regard to the breakdown of the beta of the track, and to temporarily disregard the importance of the company's own alpha, to create demand and penetration rates in medical supplies.
And it's still going up against the background of companies showing a 24-year growth in the ability of multistar monoliths to sell, and it's basically two ways to look at the future growth of American-Americans, and it's based on existing monolithic highs, daylights and 24-year-old priority products.
So, do you have an opportunity to see if there is room to double the net profit and market value upwards over three years? 2. If you see a multi-branded growth in the company sales team in 24 years, what about the Americian growth space that turns to platform-based corporate logic with 25 or 26 more product lines perfected?
Investment formula for platform-based companies = three-year doubling of performance for existing products + future new layouts + expected to be levelled valuations with specific measurements to refer to the body of the report.
For 23 years, medical beauty has shown a more resilient breakdown of the consumption plate. Twenty-three years of weak economic environment, low consumer confidence, and market doubts about the growth of medical beauty in “consumption of luxury goods”, but both in the first three quarters of 23 years and in the third quarter, medical beauty and consumables are growing faster than others.
Faisal, with a slight increase in q3 based on a normal or even slightly higher base than in the first half of the year, still displays a strong resilience. Medical beauty has the following attributes: (i) the old customer is more sticky, there is a strong willingness to buy back on a continuous basis, and the introduction of new items has been effective in raising the old customer's unit price, and upstream companies in the new product category are expected to enjoy higher growth determinations.
The annual penetration rate of our health-promotion population is only 2.0 per cent, and we believe that although the economic environment is weak and the penetration rate is rising, it does not change the upward trend. (We expect that the high brand of non-news will increase by 27-30 per cent in 23 years.) There are still penetration-plus-news increases in passenger unit prices that are expected to contribute to continued better health-promotion performance than other consumption paths.
New materials match previously unresolved pains, with existing beauty seekers as the core target group, with higher speed and certainty. The introduction of regenerative materials, gelatin protein materials, satisfy consumer claims for natural effects, institutional profit, institutional recommendations, and consumer approval, and quickly open up the existing market for beauty seekers, especially high-guesssers.
We expect: 1) the regenerative field continues to grow, with the América in the daytime, which is expected to grow by more than 160% in 23 years, and the Chinese medicine Yeon-seok in 23 years, 75% in 23 years; 2) a breakthrough in the gel protein field, which is expected to grow by about 330% in 23 years. Among the medical plates that are better than the other consumer paths, the pulmonary proteins, and the proteins, are expected to grow by about 330% in 23 years.
If the economic environment continues to be weak, apart from the ability to rely on high-end, new materials to boost the price of the passenger’s unit, where will the future of medical beauty be more certain? On the supply side, short-term water light adaptive products are expected to contribute to a reversal in the penetration rate of new visitors.
In addition to the improvement in the large consumer sector as a result of the economic and consumer mood shiftb, the water light needles have been approved or another observation point where the medical industry can expect beta-elevation. Water light products are injected mainly to the cortex, improving the skin state through the wetting and water-refilling of materials containing transparent sodium acid, etc., as compared to the implants.
For example, the consumption threshold for water light products, both in terms of the psychological acceptance of new beauty seekers and in terms of sub-unit prices, was not strictly regulated by iii medical devices until March of that year, but rather generated negative consumer perceptions of water light and even beauty, due to the prevalence of marketed makeup numbers, i-medical devices, and ii-medical devices.
A product that exists and has a large number of products specifically designed for water light adaptive disorders is approved, with differential coverage of different price bands, consistent publicity and price advantages are expected to raise the awareness of potential beauty seekers, or significantly increase beauty penetration. National production compliance and high-priced photovoltaics are expected to work with water to improve penetration.
The core element of maintaining business as a first claim by a medical institution is that, in addition to water-light products at affordable prices, photovoltaic equipment is a medical entry project, and it is expected that new products with a topic, such as ultrasound guns, and the introduction of national production instruments that are more valuable than foreign capital, will assist the institution in reducing its input.
Figure 3. Consumer focus on efficiency is expected to contribute to higher penetration rates even in the current economic environment.
Weakly, rational consumption trends are also expected to increase medical beauty penetration, and data from the dt Institute ' s 2023 Youth Consumption Study show that consumers are now tending to be “rational experience” with greater emphasis on effects, especially in the field of resistance to decay, where light medicine plus a combination of functional skin protection products is preferred or more effective, increasing medical beauty penetration.
International cosmetics giants have come into the world to verify their imagination. There is a clear trend towards integrated care, an international cosmetics collection under the auspices of the Foundation of Rejoices to Genesis, Pola has a fully-owned stock, a subsidiary that develops medical-American business, or the Oreya Cooperative Protein Core, or the Superb Organism, which does not rule out follow-up.
The introduction of the pyroprotein medicine track has demonstrated the appeal of the medical track. Table 2 and the interior and the interior cosmetics group have set up the beauty/functional skin protection track, and I'm going to launch more photovoltaic equipment if more than 24 to 25 years of differential efficiency, differential pricing of water and water.
The penetration rate of the country’s medical community is expected to increase steadily; in the longer range of dimensions, the country continues to experience a technical surge in medical and American materials, adding consumer preferences, and, in mature times, we are expected to have a higher penetration rate than the US and Korea. It is estimated that in 2025/030,2 existing product lines are expected to support more than double the growth of the company’s performance over three years.
Now that Medico Beta is still in place, and it is hoped that the future will be based on the approval and promotion of high-value photovoltaic devices that comply with water or national production, what about future growth in American-American companies? This chapter will build on existing product pipelines to measure future space.
Thirty-five per cent of the medical population chooses to use implants and 30 per cent chooses to use water light/water-like light products; while, with the introduction and compliance of water-light products, in 2030, either the penetration rate of the medical population is driven by water or more, it is assumed that 30 per cent of the medical-American population with 10 per cent penetration by 2030 will choose to use implants.
At the end of the year, 80% of the population chooses to use water light products. 2.1, high body space is still full, penetration rate rises and compliance education is the core driving force.
Circle needles: Considering that Emmett or it is expected to start increasing the coverage of the top-up system directly in 24, it is hoped that \diamond will increase the coverage of the neck-line products by education that is more effective than that of the distributors, while in 2025
Or a new product that has been approved for circulatory adaptive disorders increases consumer education, assuming that 12 per cent of the implant penetration population over 25 years is focused on the aesthetics of the neck, and that the market is expected to have only two circulatory products in 25 years.
Prices account for 90 per cent of consumer occupancy, 3 assuming that each person injects one heated 1.5ml and one heated 2.5ml per year, which is expected to reach $840 million for 25 years, based on 1.5 ml at $300/paying plant prices and 2.5 ml at $200/paying plant prices;
HI Panda: Even if the compliance campaign did not start 25 years after the new adaptive was approved, medical and consumer attention to the \diamond eye is higher than to the neck, assuming that 20% of the implant penetration population values eye maintenance.
2 It is expected that 25 years of high-body panda needles will be approved for eye adaptive treatment, and after that approval, the market team will work together to explore better treatment programs and to raise awareness on a large scale, estimating 25 years of high-panda consumer occupancy, taking into account the temporary uncertainty about the timing of the approval; 3 assumes 2 highs per person per year.
Pandas, based on $600/paying plant prices, are expected to reach 930 million in 25 years and 3 years in 3 years. Waterlights: Considering 25 years or more of compliance, it is assumed that 25 years of company waterlight products account for 8 per cent of neck pins: 18 per cent of consumers in the implant penetration population value the aesthetics of the neck, 2 conservative assumptions.
He's got 55% of the consumer rate, 3 assumes one high body 1.5ml and one high body 2.5ml per person per year, based on 1.5ml at $250/paying plant prices, 2.5ml at $150/paying plant prices 4, prev. He's got a panda: once compliance has been approved, the compliance campaign is expected to open up the flow of eye products.
\diamond assumes that 50% of consumers in the implant penetration population attach importance to eye maintenance, and that two high-speed pandas have the advantage of better tear ditches, better eye stripes and better value for money, and barriers to eye week adaptive compliance.
Compatibility is expected to create a combination of tycoon pandas, gel proteins and photovoltaic materials based on the advantages of its own product matrix, which is expected to account for 20 per cent of consumer occupancy;3 assuming that each person injects two typhoids per year Waterlights: taking into account 30 years of water light or the central driving force behind the increase in the penetration rate of medical beauty, assumes that medical beauty is among the general population.
\diamond 80% has water consumption, assuming that 30 years of company water products account for 5% of consumers, 2.2% a year, angels are still in the early stages of development, and white + life growth is more certain.
A total of about 800,000, with less than 1.5% of consumers estimated to inject regenerative materials in 23 years, based on the use of 3 units per person per year. The current daytime allows for a significant increase in coverage of only a few hundred active institutions, both from the range of institutions covered and from the depth of existing ones, with the prospect of a breakthrough of $2 billion in the future.
If the biological angel has not yet begun to expand on a large scale, it is injected mainly with shallow fats, with more parts used on a single basis than on a single basis during the day, which makes it less difficult to add to the injections than during the daytime, so that more doctors/institutions are expected to be covered, and it is expected that in the future, the number of people covered by the biological angel is higher than during the daytime, and sales are more visible.
As more doctors recognize and are willing to use/promote regenerative products, as well as if a biological angel as a new product is expected to provide incremental heat points, assuming that 4 per cent of consumers in 25 years of implant penetration use regenerative materials, 25 per cent of regenerative injectors use 5.10 per cent of the population during the day to use a biological angel; 2) vacations
3 units per day, for example 4 for a biological angel, corresponding to 25 years of daytime, for example, assuming that, by 30 years, more regenerative products will be placed on the market, supplemented by a mass regeneration market with a price of less than $10,000, and that 10 per cent of consumers in the implant-infiltration population are expected to use regenerative materials and regenerate in the injection population.
Ten per cent of the population uses daytime, 15 per cent uses life angels; 2) Assuming that during daytime, the growth of 2.3 and other products is stable, meat poisons are expected to contribute to a steady increase, plus one, tightness, followed by Punida ' s adaptive (expected 24 years), Yingmi ' s plus one.
We anticipate 25 years of approval for botulinum toxin products, taking into account past product patterns, and after the company's new product has been approved, it explores product pricing and positioning based on the number and pricing of competitions already available on the market, and the joint agency explores joint treatment programmes that develop platform-type companies or require additional costs, with 25 years of net return based on our projected financial model.
Platform logic: Platform logic will push companies to value their performance double-click from a high-high-level brand to an angel series that is expected to become the next billion-grade brands of the company. It is no coincidence that the success of the company is demonstrated by the success of the company ' s management in its products.
Pre-market pre-market perceptions of the market for medical beauty, understanding of the market for medical beauty, and understanding of the market-based vision for the ability of the client’s health-promoting institutions also prove the replicability of the company’s monolithic thinking.
Understanding is based on the development of high-tech, day-to-day product-based companies into platform-based companies, with the prospect of a future platform 3.1, the success of the Hi-to-Angel series attesting to the replicability of the corporate phenomenon-level branding strategy at the beginning of the market in 2021.
In other words, there are doubts as to whether "the glyph protein is not a big track, and the product that stimulates the regenerative glygen can produce a single product" and, in the belief that during the day it doesn't become a uniquely adapted condition like the gypsum, fearing that the gypsum can't replicate the success of the geysers, we think that "the geysers can be made to be phenomenon-class brands" and we go back.
In the first place, the American-American understanding of the market, which was presented at the time, included developing products based on market pain points, creating unique adaptive conditions and providing a framework for institutional empowerment, remains valid in the current environment and serves as a basis for the prospect of success in the subsequent approval of a single product on the market.
Using market pain points as the starting point for product development, the essence of “commercialization” runs through product R&D. In the case of priceless markets that do not have long-lived urinary acids to satisfy consumers’ long-term demand for lasting effects, companies introduce state-owned first-rate commercialization devices with long-lasting fillings, and in the case of market non-resolved and thin-skin-filled products, companies study them.
The release of the only commercialized and currently global market-based skin filler for the restoration of neck strips; the excessive vulnerability of translocation and unnatural problems with pure transparent acid injections, the concentration of left-handle emulsions abroad, which provide a natural solution without immediate filling effect, and the development of the left-hand side of the company's national production and the commercialization of world firsts.
Helium-ethanol co-polymer microball skin filler; in response to the doctor’s demand for softer whites suitable for the cheeks, the company has introduced an angel like birth, which can focus on 24 years of living angel performance.
Exact positioning of the “circle stripes” at the time of the weapon, distinct from the traditional material that works on the face and uses the “large and complete” as a promotional point, focusing on the neck strip market, creating new demands for neck care, creating brand-called product awareness, subsequent reliance on brand power, launching a series of products, and keeping the high body in the process of applying for eye acupuncture, hopefully with unique eye accompaniment.
The brand ceiling continues to be promoted; during the day it is positioned in plastic + light + regeneration, raising consumer awareness with “high light” as a “immediate filling + jab regenerative” core selling point, with a higher rate of release; and, in the case of living angels positioned at immediate filling + stimulating regeneration + tight lifting, it is hoped to combine daytime construction programmes.
Figure 4. Americian products use market pains as their starting point for research and development, looking for differentiated precision branding, and creating customer stickyness to enable institutions to do a closed loop for large singles. Product performance: The Hives take the lead in extending consumer demand to the neck, helping agencies to raise their customers in a context where new visitors are in distress and high cost.
The price of a unit, the price of a factory, helps to increase institutional turnover; during the day, the pain of dealing with pure transparent acids and traditional left-wing ecstasy products, with a clear location with immediate filling + incentive to regenerate, reducing the difficulty of institutional recommendations, and pricing high-end increases in institutional profitability. The acquisition of compliance ailments also creates an opportunity for institutions to promote compliance.
Yes, it helps the agency to get customers or raise the unit price. Team empowerment: In addition to product empowerment, the company sales team 1 organizes offline meetings to provide doctors with opportunities to communicate and learn . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company has completed its own marketing campaign with the goal of empowering customers, and has achieved the last mile of a large single amount. Using market pain points as the starting point for product development, using precision as the core selling point, and using empowering customers as its own.
A replicable phenomenon-level branding formula, or based on it, can be used as a basis for judging new product performance. Figure 5: Americian monolithic formula: a product matrix based on a market pain point as a starting point for product development + a core selling point with precision positioning + an enabling customer + 3.2, from a phenomenon-level brand to a platform-based company, based on a product matrix with a wide price coverage
From two phenomenon-level brands to a platform based on a phenomenon-based brand matrix, more product reserves are needed, based on the above formula, and companies are expected to build a product matrix that has the potential to become a phenomenon-based brand. The product relationship is complementary rather than substitute, so the product mix is a joint treatment from both an effect and an institutional point of view.
From the point of view of skin physiology, the human skin is seven layers from the outside, and different medical materials are suitable for different layers; in effect, micro-injection-type materials can be useful.
In order to achieve four different functions: filling, supplementing, supporting, and shrinking, many products can be combined with a different combination of alienated combinations, creating a 1+1 > 2 effect.
In addition to being able to match more demand for beauty and to create more treatments, the product line, with an end-price belt ranging from less than a thousand to a million dollars, can match more of the target population and be expected to meet the agency's liquidity and profitability needs, which are favoured by the agency.
Figure 6. Micro-intensity injections include fillings, supplements, contractions, support in four areas, with Emmett's layout, etc., and the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre draws a figure 7 with seven layers of skin, corresponding to the medical beauty of the different materials.
1. Skin (skin and cortex) surface layer: Haefisu (cleaning + nurturing), serene star (settling sensitive issues), light (scaring, pigmentation problems), acid skinning,
Real skin nipples: small molecular urinate, water light needles, real cortex layers: middle molecular urinate, gel protein, puppies, light (settling scar, pores), radio frequency (electric, stimulating regenerative gel)
Light fats: fat soluble needles (injection), thermal plastics (sound), magic plastics (radio frequency), air-segregated resins (radio frequency), frozen resins (refrigerated) etc.
3 smas (light-face membrane system): Ultrasound knife, wire-planting, Big Molecular Uuretic Acid (Benida),
The skeletal, melancholy membrane, the young girl's needles, the abundance of American-American product tubes, provide a solid basis for the logic of the platform to follow.
The existing pipe covers water light, fills, supplements, supports demand, and has formed two phenomenon-level brands. When the previous line was rich, the terminal price ranged from $400-500 to $14,800 for the high-speed angel, meeting the customer’s demand for water light, filling, replenishment, support, and wide coverage.
Prices meet consumers at different levels of consumption. The company now has two phenomenon-level highs and daytimes, and the introduction of a natural angel is based on market demand, taking into account that if a single use of a natural angel exceeds a single use of a single day, if a biological angel is expected to become the next star.
Fig. 8: Affordable product pipelines and better product price belts meet institutional demand for customers/turnover/profits The future pipelines are rich, based on unique adaptive & fat & meat & PV & joint treatments. From the current queue approval list, the company’s future product pipelines are still rich, mainly for consideration:1
Access to unique adaptive disorders: e.g. high-eye adaptive disorders, Bonida anesthesia, U.S.I.A. plus one accelerosis, etc.; 2 fat-type track layouts: sigrum injection fluids, deoxychotic injection fluids, etc.; 3 photoelectric instrument layouts: ultrasoundlinearz, radio frequency density; 4 meat-toxic layouts; 5 joint treatment sessions
Caution: e.g. eye therapy (Panda needle + animal source protein injection + radio frequency), lipoplastic therapy (Meglupe injection + DNA injection), other treatments (meat toxicity +). Corporate layout logic goes further to joint therapy, in addition to drawing on existing star monolithics.
In the future, there are reasons to believe that the company will create more star monolithics, or even higher ceilings, to build a solid foundation for entering platform-based companies. Based on the company’s previous prognosis-level branding formula, the company’s pipeline has introduced a single or joint prognosis- or prognosis-level therapy program.
With higher rates, there is still a great potential for further development of the segments of the tube line, such as botox, fat track, and jade, but from "a reserve brand matrix that promises to be big monolith" to "platform-type logic", it is also dependent on sales teams, excellent management empowerment, otherwise it may simply be a replacement for old star monoliths.
Compared to the first stage of the brand matrix, which focuses on selling a single product, the brand matrix phase tested the ability of companies to design a joint treatment course, the ability of sales teams to allocate resources, and so on.
More test the management team’s understanding of the life-cycle of different products and its ability to manage sales teams based on the product’s different stages of development.
The company is expected to move gradually to a platform-based logical stage, with a wealth of future product lines. 3.3.1, the sophistication of the company’s management team is reflected in Kpi’s assessment of the different stages of the product’s life.
A company ' s division of marketing responsibilities by region and agency, rather than by product perspective, i.e., the company ' s sale is responsible for the entire sale of the products it covers, which helps to give the sales team more freedom and flexibility, while combining the full range of marketing ideas, or innovative methods, are presented and promoted, and promote continuous change in the company ' s marketing skills.
But considering that most sales people have less understanding of the life cycle of the product than the company's management, if the salesmen are evaluated for the total amount of the sale they cover, the salesmen tend to give priority to the resources on the basis of “good selling or not” rather than on the development cycle of other products. This is precisely the way the Americ management team is advanced, and the company is well placed to do so.
In addition to the sales volume as the primary objective, for salesmen who complete the annual sales, end-of-year bonus weights are set according to the importance of different products at the next stage, stimulating the team in the direction that the company expects, for example, in 2023, the second full year of the regenerative series, competition between products.
It may be more intense than in the previous year, but it is still expected to increase at a high rate during the day, with an estimated $800 billion in sales for 23 years, which does not preclude the existence of a bias towards daytime in terms of marketing incentives, kpi set-up, due to the company's relative importance for products.
For the year 2024, the high body is important or short-lived. During the day of 2023, a strong growth power was shown, steady growth continued with the creation of a pair of living angels, and it was not so difficult for the series to continue to grow at a high rate. Sales teams were either focused or were expected to return to their high brands.
For the hiccup, neck-tied products cover 4,000-5,000 institutions, but we estimate the low-line, the cities are mostly covered by distributors, and as the company's sales team grows, the company may be able to reach the agency in the future or through direct sales, so that it can better communicate brand positioning and expand its presence in the agency.
The impact and sales, in the second place, also provide the basis for more future products to enter the institutions. Follow up, focus on this year's high-growth target and the sales team kpi set up. If the high-growth target is set at 15% plus, it may show the importance that companies attach to high-growth brands, and if it's in angels.
The series still displays a high rate of growth, which may prove in part that the company has the combined capacity to sell multiple products and to do team evolution to enter the platform. 3.3.2, the company management team has already taken the lead in exploring toc end-to-end operations.
As we have always mentioned, medicine – medical beauty – cosmetics, but, from a branding point of view, cosmetics – medical beauty – medicine. Medical beauty is still at a rapid stage of development under compliance, products are scarce, and new products have a product dividend phase, especially in the case of branding.
New products that have characteristics or are more likely to bring cash flow/profits to the institution are better publicized by the agency, thus raising consumer awareness. Medical beauty is not yet in the era of cosmetics, but as the industry continues, it is not moving towards toc end operations.
In addition to setting up the Emeralds Center for the Experiences of Emeralds, the layout of cosmetics is also an in-depth exploration of Toc operations, and the launch of the 2024 new skin protection product was launched at 11.19. Building a comprehensive treatment program for "Medical beauty plus skin care" based on skin science and evidence-based medicine, the company continued its branding advantage by introducing the Ives, high skin protection, and high pandas.
Three major skin protection brands: 1) Effie Source focuses on beauty aftercare, with cloud-sensitive and clean-face foams, multi-effect-repair concentrates, skin restoration coatings reconfigure the iii human source gel protein, recombinant iii human source gel protein coatings, water, condensation mask 5 sku; 2) high body protection continues high body research genes, focusing on the young state of the neck skin,
3 sku; 3) Hi bear cat skins focus on wrinkled issues, day and night, eye and skin, with wrinkled eye fluids, light-line day/night-eye cream, medically restructured ii human source gel protein fixation, light-stamped eye-lined 5
Sku. Cosmetics are not the core business of the company and do not have to be expected to pay too much, but if they are used to learn the ability of the make-up firm to operate at the end of the company, they will give the company the ability to treat the beauty of its products.
3.3.3 If the product is driven out of the sea, the company is expected to raise the ceiling, and if it is able to boost the chain of star products out of the sea, the company is expected to upgrade the ceiling.
This development has provided a dynamic of diversified growth, with the hope that the company will expand its growth space through product exits/outwards, based on a highly recognized system of high-level market approvals, and that the company has established a Chinese-Hong Kong subsidiary that operates as an R & D subsidiary, which, given the similarity of aesthetic preferences in the Asian region, does not exclude the company or the choice of Chinese fragrance.
The Hong Kong and South-East Asia regions are the first stations to try to leave/go out of the sea. 3.4, to consolidate the platform logic by enabling institutions with multiple scale effects or as a possible next step.
As the industry’s “last mile” medical institution, its profit structure is currently not healthy, and it is subject to high prices for customers, doctors, and products.
Pressure. The newcomers and the old ones keep the sticky input, the doctors think about the difference in the system of joint treatments, in addition to pay, re-training and even personal ip claims, and the quality of the product. If the institute is the last and ultimately the dissipated competition in the industry, it's the best way to do it, and it's the best way to do it.
The pattern of competition, where a party is part of the agency’s response to these pains, is expected to create a more cohesiveness with the institution, creating a unique advantage from the current market.
For example, the company has a sufficient mix of products to address the bottom-of-the-line demand for a joint treatment with American-American institutions.
However, the agency may not necessarily be willing to pack a package of products to buy an Emmett, but if the company adopts a hypothetical formula: it can become a vip client if it buys a sufficient portfolio of corporate products, the company will push forward the solution to the pain. For example, it will be supported by clients, by doctors, by college resources, or by a doctor's retraining.
In short, it was already possible for early-time-americs to make large-scale sales teams through singles, and to refine the product matrix to continue to increase their income volume.
In our view, the profit margin of the medical-American industrial chain is expected to begin to recreate, with higher profit margins for high-quality downstream firms, and the platform-based firms that are the first to build a remodeled pattern are expected to get a bigger cake, and the American-Americans are expected to become the platform-type for this remodeling.
Figure 13: Three-year doubling of performance of existing products + future new layouts + expected to be given platform-based valuation Corporate platform logic Three-year increase in performance of existing product lines
On the basis of the assumptions in chapter II, we predict that:
Investment proposal: Medico is still one of the more definitive paths in consumption, whether it is approved to raise the price of the bill from higher penetration rates (inner and water/photo-electrically driven) or from higher unit prices, and the future performance of medical beauty is or continues to outperform other consumption plates. We believe that high-quality track dragons love America to keep their notes on the current line.
In line with the expected three-year growth + 25-26 years for new products that have been approved to start contributing increment + potential platform-type company logical validation, there is room to double their performance for three years, and we expect a net profit share for 2023-2025, with consumption recovering at a slower pace than expected. Medical penetration rates are likely to increase at a slower pace than expected.
Product diffusion is less effective than expected. If product penetration is slower than expected, or if replication is less effective, it may lead to less than expected product sales.
There is uncertainty about the approval of a product. Due to the high degree of uncertainty about the clinical time of a therapeutic product, the timing of its approval does not preclude some products from having a delay in their approval or from being unable to be approved. Sales incentives are not implemented as effectively as expected.
This paper is based on the assumption that there are no valid assumptions and that the market is not growing as fast as possible.
The sales team, in 2021, became the General Manager of the Center for Modern Services Studies. In 2022, it joined the Sinda Portfolio as the Deputy General Manager of Research and Development.
After graduate school in July of that year, he joined the Social Services Group for Employable Securities, and in November of 2022 he joined the New Sinda Consumers Group, covering the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, and the tax-exempt, eye-vision, invisible deformities, pets, retail, etc.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022, joined the new Sinda consumer group. The main components cover cosmetics, medical beauty.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.