Leaf technology (600183.sh) The high-frequency high-speed products are among the world ' s top 2025 performance forecast, the orders are full and the Nv high-speed plate is leading to a structural improvement in the product structure.
+31.70%, qoq +49.11%). The main drivers of high performance growth are: 1) increased sales and operating income of companies, while continuously optimizing the product structure to increase the Māori rate and to promote higher profitability; 2) significant growth in the generation of business income and net profits of affiliates by electronic means over the same period in the previous year.
The global market is the second largest, and the average has risen. After more than 30 years of development, Prismark statistics show that the company's total sales of hard-repeated coins have remained stable for the last 10 years of 2013.
The company was founded in 1985 to produce substitute jobs for European and American brands, and then built a national brand for the copperboard industry by means of conceptual breakthroughs and technological innovation. The company ' s copper sheet production grew from 600,000 square metres/year at the start of the plant to 140 million square metres/year in 2024.
Long-term investment in research and development, with high-frequency high-speed areas among the world’s top performers. Companies attach great importance to R & D, with 5.7% higher than comparable firms in 2024, and more expensive R & D than comparable firms in the country.
In 2016, the company founded Jiang So-sung and began to engage in high-frequency high-speed overcoppers, and in 2017, in cooperation with Japan, it introduced a full set of ptfe high-frequency copper sheet production technologies, leading the country in the industrialization of high-frequency overcoppers. We compared some of the company's products with Rogers.
The core parameters have been fully flattened, and companies are among the world’s leading manufacturers in the area of high-frequency high-speed copper overlays. The demand for arithmetic has erupted, and companies are actively working with clients to break through the technology.
Hardware equipment has been upgraded rapidly, and there are significant differences in product patterns over traditional cable products, and companies rely on strong management systems and technology platforms to quickly replace new structures and materials. Currently, companies are actively working with home-grown, home-grown, arithmetic end-users, and are already supplied in bulk.
Investment recommendations: first coverage, rating “better than the big market” = arithmetic leads to a significant increase in the demand for high-frequency high-speed copper sheet materials, we expect the company to return to its head in 2025-2027, with high-frequency high-speed products entering high-growth
The second largest copper-plate enterprise in the world, the high-end pcb business, was established in 1985 as a core supplier of global electronic circuits based on R & D, production, marketing, and service as one. The company's main business is the design, production and sale of coatings and glues,
Printed circuit boards: The products are mainly for the production of billboards, double-sided and multi-layered circuit boards and are widely used in mobile phones, cars, communications equipment, computers, and a variety of high-end electronics. After more than 30 years of development, the company has for many years ranked as the second largest copper plate manufacturer in the world.
At the beginning, the company purchased a $600,000 production formula from the United States of America for a copper sheet product, and began to produce substitute jobs for European and American brands. After seven years of operating losses, the company abandoned the model of branding for foreign brands and registered the “sl” trademark; with conceptual breakthroughs and technological innovations, the company was able to do so.
The national brand of the copper sheet industry has grown from 600,000 square metres per year of production at the start of the construction to 140 million square metres in 2024. According to the statistics and rankings of the United States Prismark research institutes on the global hard sheet, from 2013 to the present, the total sales of hard-core copper sheeting have been sustained.
In parallel with the strong lead in the copperboard industry, companies acquired electronics in 2013 to enter the high-end pcb manufacturing industry; Jiang So Seong was established in 2016 and began to engage in high-frequency high-speed copper overboards.
As of the first quarter of 2025, Guangdong Province, Guangxindong. Guangdong Province, Guangnang Holding Group Limited, Dongjung City State Hiro Investment Company Limited and Weihua Electronics Limited all exercised their right to vote independently, so the company does not have a controlling shareholder.
The company does not have a single shareholder who can control the company’s decision-making and is managed by a team of professional managers. The company’s management team has extensive industrial work experience, and Mr. Liu Shufeng, former Chairman of the Board, was the Deputy Director of the Guangdong Foreign Trade Agency and the Deputy Director-General of the Guangdong Foreign Trade Development Corporation, who joined the company in 1990 and retired in 2024.
Mr. Chen In-hee, Chairman of the Board, began work on the circuit board in 1990 and entered the company in 1989, where he was a technical director of the company, a production director, etc., and a professor of chemical engineering engineers. The company has implemented several equity incentive schemes. The goal is to mobilize the company’s management team and core cadres of staff.
The incentive program grants 58,899.94 million equity options to incentive recipients, with a robust growth in corporate equity income and a high-end pcb operation that raises the company’s overall Māori ratio.
One billion yuan has grown steadily to 20.388 billion yuan in 2024, corresponding to 10.6 per cent of the cagr; in 2024, companies relied on their own precision in the evolution and deployment of raw materials in a context where downstream recovery has not yet taken place, as a result of increased competition in the industry, as a result of the continued import of soft and new production from the industry.
Figure 3: Corporate operating income and the same rate of increase
Copper cover and glue business: from 2016 to 2020, revenues from the company ' s copper cover and glues gradually increased from $6 billion to over $10 billion, mainly as a result of the expansion of the capacity of the company ' s copper cover products and the increase in sales; revenues from the public coatings and glues increased by 49.2 per cent to $16.19 billion in 2021, mainly as a result of steady sales.
Growth and sales prices have risen significantly. Since 2014, the Māori rate of corporate caps and glues has increased from 16.73 per cent in 14 years to 27.47 per cent in 21 years, benefiting on the one hand from higher prices for copper-plate products, which have effectively balanced client demand and profitability by optimizing product structures and adopting flexible price strategies.
In a context of still greater supply and demand, a recovery in income and profitability has been achieved, while high-end products have received new high-end demand at 4024, such as a handheld machine and a server, and we expect to continue to push corporate performance upwards in the coming years.pcb Operations: February 2021, company affiliates doing pcb operations were listed on the Internet, code code.
688183.sh The company ' s pcb operations are well positioned, with a high Māori rate, but 17,57% of the base station ' s pcb year in 2021. By 2022, Māori rates increased to Figure 7: Company ' s pcb operations revenue and the same rate of increase through optimization of material costs in the procurement chain.
Figure 8: Māori rates and net interest rates for company operations pcb Net interest rates, companies are affected by a combination of upstream raw material prices and downstream demand. In 14-19, the Māori rate of company gross copper sheet products rose: 2) product structure optimized and scale effects showed: 3) Māori rates are relatively high
In 2021, the net interest rate of the company reached an all-time high, mainly in terms of: 1) the low stock due to the epidemic, the home economy, etc., which led to a significant improvement in the demand for the traditional sector from 3021 onwards, with the demand for cars and home appliances accounting for a significant share of the profits; 2) copper, glass sheeting, resin, etc.
The overall procurement cost of the main material was higher: 3) construction needs at 5 g base stations, idc, etc. were strong in the first half of the year, with the low- and medium-end copper floors rising across the board. The fall in net corporate interest rates in the year 22-23 was mainly due to weak downstream demand, increased price competition, steady growth in cash flows from former companies, and a gradual decline in asset-liability ratios.
Net gold currents rose from 593 million yuan in 2017 to 2,822 million yuan in 2022; taking into account the company’s productive capacity. In November 2017, the company issued $1.8 billion in debt swaps for a six-year period. The fund-raising scheme was used for “high heat and high-density printed circuit board industrialization project (II)” and “30 million square metres of copper in production per year”
Three projects, “Research and Development Building Project”, expired on August 1, 2019. In 2025, the company announced that it would issue publicly swapable corporate bonds of up to RMB 2 billion (including four competitive advantages forming a virtuous circle).
In 2024, the company sold 14,348,540,000 coatings, selling 145,669 square metres of printed circuit boards, an increase of 15.24 per cent. According to the United States agency Prismark, the statistics and rankings for the global rigid sheet were from 2013 to 2023.
Technology is strong: corporate technology leads overseas, nationally, and domestically leads in the industrialization of high-frequency copper plates. The higher barriers to high-frequency copper plates (reflected as formulation thresholds, certification thresholds) have always been in the United States.
The high-frequency high-speed copper-plating business, which evolved from Japan in 2017 to the purchase of a full set of ptfe high-frequency copper-plating technologies, led in the domestic industrialization of the high-frequency copper-plate. The company’s autonomously developed series of new products competed in the market, trying to move away from technology and patent restrictions abroad and significantly reducing the country’s involvement in this technological field.
The cost of R & D is significantly higher than that of other companies listed in the country, and in 2024 the cost of R & D in companies amounted to $1.157 billion, which is higher than the sum of the five remaining companies. The company started to close HF as early as 2005.
The high-speed containment of base materials, in the face of foreign technology blockades, has invested a great deal of human and material resources in order to develop a wide range of products and have achieved multiple bulk applications. At the same time, in the case of the containment of capped copper technology, corporate products are already in card-packing, led, storage chip classes.
Massive use in areas such as these, while breaking through key core technologies, develops and applies ap, cpu, gpu, ai products at the higher end, represented by fc-csp, fc-bga envelopes. Large-scale + technology creates high-quality customer structures for companies, as well as a stronger bargaining power for supply chains.
In the areas of communications, automobiles, smart homes, security, engineering controls, medical equipment, displays, led lighting and chip encapsulation, leading products have been certified by companies such as Inveta, Huaieng, Naking, Nokia, Boshi, Siemens, Waves, Samsung, Philips.
Few, large-scale, technologically strong advantages have created high-quality downstream customer structures and stronger supply chains. Quality customer structures + stronger supply chain bargaining power have enhanced firms’ resilience to industry cycles. The electronics sector has a strong cyclical nature, such as a high-intensity telecommunications network in 3g, 4g, and 5g.
This cyclicality is inevitable because the intergenerational transition climate is low. Because of the relative quality of the company’s downstream customers, these high-quality customers are themselves more resilient to the industry cycle, and the company has a stronger bargaining power in the supply chain, giving the company a stronger resistance to the industry cycle than other copper-crackers.
The ccl (coppercladlaminate) is the immersion of electronic fabrics or other enhanced materials.
Pcb is widely used in communications, computers, photovoltaic products, consumer electronics, cars, etc.
In a number of areas, such as aerospace, the technical level is increasing as electronics evolves. Copperboards are divided into three main categories: rigid, scratchy, and special material bases. Rigid copper sheets are those that are not curable and have a certain degree of hardness and resilience; and composite coatings are typically those that are supplemented by more than two types of material (i).
A rigid coated sheet made of paper, fabric or glass) and resin under pressure: in a rigid sheet, fr-4 epoxy fibre-based sheeting is the largest and most widely used product in the current pcb manufacture. A scratched coating, which is made of a capricious refill (film) with electrolytic or pressurized copper caps, has the advantage of having the following:
It can bend and facilitate the assembly of electrical components. From the industrial chain, the coatings are in the middle of the industry, with the main raw materials upstream, including bronze, fibreglass, vinyl, resin, etc., and downstream, mainly for the preparation of printed circuit boards, which are eventually used for consumer electronics, communications, etc.
Electronics, computers, auto-electronics, industry, pharmaceutical electronics, military/space, etc. The global market has grown steadily, with a market size of $18.8 billion in 2021, and the global copper-plating industry has grown steadily.
In 2014, $9.9 billion increased to $12.7 billion in 2023, corresponding to 2.8 per cent for cagr; in China (with the exception of Hong Kong and Aotearoa), the sales of rigid coatings increased from $6.1 billion in 2014 to $9.3 billion in 2023, and the corresponding cagr increased by 4.8 per cent more than globally; and the sales of high-end caps reached $4.1 billion in 2023.
In 2024, one penetration led to a structural global electronics industry, reversing a stagnation since 2022. Full penetration of artificial intelligence technology, an outbreak of demand for ai servers, data centre equipment, boosted global semiconductor receipts by 18.1% on a year-on-year basis; and a recovery in consumer electronics markets, with smart cellular output rising by 7%, pc and pc.
This is a 3.2% increase; the new-energy car market continues to be high, with smart coaches, autopilots, etc., driving demand up at pcb; the fields of medical electronics, industrial automation, etc., are growing steadily. The rigid copper sheet industry has a more stable pattern of competition.
In 2023, the top five rigid copper-plating companies in the world had low national production rates in the area of high-end copper-plating (including ic-boarding, high-frequency, high-speed coatings) of 15 per cent, 14 per cent, 10 per cent, 9 per cent, 15 per cent, 15 per cent, 15 per cent, 15 per cent, 15 per cent, 15 per cent, 15 per cent, 10 per cent, 10 per cent, 10 per cent, respectively, and 15 per cent, respectively.
In the copper sector, the main raw materials for the copper sheet, dominated by the solar system, the Taiwan department, the Korean department, the top 10 most profitable technologies, the national production replacement, the price fluctuations of upstream materials, the downstream structural landscape, are the copper silhouette, resin, and fibreglass fabric. In the case of the technology, the copper sheet and glue.
The production cost of the film consists of raw materials (about 86 per cent), labour costs (about 5 per cent) and manufacturing costs (about 9 per cent); the share of raw materials is bronze (50 per cent), resin (20 per cent) and glass sheeting (15 per cent).
The price of bronze, which consists of raw copper prices and processing fees, is influenced more by fluctuations in the international prices of raw copper. The price of bronze has a clear cyclical pattern, and the price increase in mid-2017 was due to a reduction in supply, which was shown in mid-2017.
In order to: (1) halt the production of some of the copper mines overseas and slow global mining investment; (2) phase out the production of fr-4 with copper plating, instead producing high-end copper plating for soft and high-frequency high-speed plates; (3) transfer of production capacity to lithium copper plating, resulting in a shortage of ordinary electronic copper platinum. The price of copper platinum has been moving again since mid-2020.
High, mainly due to the new crown epidemic, which has led to continued high commodity prices. According to our analysis, the price of bronze and the rate of Maori (for profit technology, new materials in South Asia, new materials in China) are positively correlated from 2015 to the present.
Figure 27: Comparison of copper price trends with the Māori ratio of the major copper panel manufacturer ($/tonne, %) i.a. Arithmetic infrastructure drives a significant increase in the demand for hdi and high-speed high-frequency high-speed copper sheeting. According to Prismark data, the global market for pcb of servers and related system components in 2023 was estimated at $5.177 billion.
In the future, it will increase by 9% to $7,974 million in 2028. The primary dynamic of pcb growth in demand over the next five years is the system, servers, storage, network equipment, etc.
The group usually uses hdi to achieve high density interconnections, usually the hdi on the 4-5 steps; the traditional cpu matrix. The most rapidly growing pcb per year, according to Prismark, is expected to reach 16.3 per cent for 2023-2028, server performance is closely linked to pcb technology, i server requires an increase in the pcb layer and ccl medium power loss.
Reductions in consumption drive up the price of coatings. The characteristics of pcb in the server are mainly in the number of highs, verticals, horizontals, high density, and high transmission rates. As the server upgrades, the reduction in electrical losses in the coatings is a core requirement.
The higher the grade, the lower the loss. And the higher the high-speed product is often represented by the graded indicators of the demotron series. At present, the generic eaglestream platform server is m6 as the main material, while in the one-server area represented by Invelda gb200, m7 and m8 are the main material.
Signal transmission requires further upscaling, and higher-level products, such as m9, are expected to be operational by 2026.
There are existing production bases in Guangdong East, Wanjiang, Guangdong Dong Songshan Lake, Jiang Susu County (which is well known), Xianyang Xi and Jiang Xi Xijiang.
Of this amount, Guangdong has an annual capacity of 45 million square metres; Shaanxi has an annual capacity of 27.7 million square metres; Suzhou has a contribution of 10 million square metres; ordinary life has a benefit of 22 million square metres; Jiangxi has a capacity of 2018, with an annual production capacity of 12 million square metres in 2020 and a new one in June 2025.
In addition, the company ' s high-speed board can share production lines with the normal board, and production capacity can match. With the explosion of high-end pcb demand driven by the arithmetic infrastructure, the company announced in June 2025 that the Replenishment for Technology (Thailand) Ltd. would have invested 1.4 billion yuan in a registered capital of 5 million baht after the replenishment.
HF covers: high barriers to production of high-frequency plates, from catching up to crossing, to becoming a top global player, mainly in terms of production formulations and downstream customer certification. Production formulation thresholds: HF covers design processes, mainly including selection of suitable resin systems, original, auxiliary
Material; development of reasonable formulations; design of practical and reasonable process routes to solve various interface problems in different processes; careful use of various assistants and additives in the manufacturing process, with the least impurity possible in the system.
For example, Rogers added ceramic filling to the r03000 series.
Therefore, high-frequency copper sheet production barriers require continuous R & D inputs and long-term technological accumulation. The downstream customer certification threshold, as the quality of the high-frequency high-speed copper sheet directly affects the entire base station, server performance and lifetime, is the product of the downstream terminal equipment manufacturer for the capboard/pcb supplier
The certification of the product is rigorous and complex. According to the Chinese-English technology offer, it takes 24 months for suppliers to enter the first certification of the supply chain for downstream equipment suppliers and 6-12 months for new product certification; and downstream equipment providers will not easily change product design drawings and suppliers once they have identified the supplier and the product.
In 2016, the company set up the Jiang Soo Seong Special Materials Company in Jiang Soo-Tung, planning for 1.5 million square metres/year high-frequency copper plate production. In June 2017, the company signed a deal with Japan on the production of fluorescent trees.
The framework agreement for the technology associated with the ptfe has evolved into a complete formula for the transfer of the ptfe-related products to the company, a process-based production process, specialized equipment technology, raw material manufacturer information, and related trademarks. By working with the company, the company overcomes the technical difficulties of the high-frequency board, and has also gained recognition for China, China, Naking, Nokia, etc.
High-frequency copper plates are currently classified as ptfe and hydrocarbons. The high-frequency copper market is small, and the pattern of competition has historically been more stable.
Top producers account for 90% of the market share. According to Prismark, the city of Rogers accounted for about 55% in 2018, the city of nelcon for 19%, and the market for profit technology for less than 4%.
The company’s high-frequency copper plate technology indicator is directed overseas, catching the ai upgrade window from the catcher to the global leader. As the data loss requirements of the one server exceed the limits of the available high-speed material, the high-frequency material, represented by ptfe, is expected to open a larger market space.
The ptfe et al. df is lower. We compare some of the product parameters of profit technology with Rogers' official network, and on the core dk and df, the company is fully reconciled, and the company is expected to capture the high-frequency material that I bring to the market growth window and achieve a cross-border increase in its share.
Cracking copper plates: i-glasses, i-phones supporting long-term growth fccl is mainly produced with layer pressure and coating methods. The layer pressure method requires the purchase of bronze and tpi membranes to be combined, with lower technical thresholds, fast input output, but highly constrained by raw materials and intense competition;
The company's previous scratching copper plate products were mainly made using lacquer. The coating technology has a higher threshold and the current owner is the new solar iron and lg, which are the dominant production technology of fccl; the company has previously been working with the new solar iron to make a joint venture for sale, and cooperation has not continued for a variety of reasons; the company and the lg were in July 2017.
Chemical contracts were signed for the transfer of coating fccl technology, patents, equipment and trademarks, and companies bought the entire production line (4.5 million m2 per year), more than 100 patents, full-process technology, etc., from lig chemical purchases and required lig to provide guidance for the production of products that met the agreed eligibility rate.
The scratching sheet is mainly used for portable electronics such as smartphones and will be used extensively in the future at the end of the network. In addition to the three functions of general electrical connection, insulation, mechanical support, the scratching sheet has the advantage of being either static or dynamic.
More rational and tightly structured layouts save installation space and meet the requirements of light, thin, short, and small electronics. The scratching sheet is now widely applied to portable electronic devices such as mobile phones, laptop computers, etc. As the ai enabling terminal process moves forward, the scratching sheet will still have much scope for development.
Figure 34: Apple iphonexsmax with fpc coatings and glues: rapid upscaling of the signal transmission losses of the coatings, taking into account the need for ai arithmetic. Rapid growth in demand for high-frequency high-speed products, companies as domestic high-frequency high-speed coatings, actively cooperating with the country
Foreign-head clients develop new products, folding up and increasing the price of swimming raw materials, and companies are expected to increase their product volumes. We expect higher-end sales of high-end products like high-end copper plates, ptfe high-frequency copper plates to reach Māori rates for high-end products in 25-27 years.
Over 30 per cent, the Māori rate for the 25-27 year copper coating and glue business is expected to increase gradually, respectively: since 2024, the demand for pcb related to the arithmetic has fallen short of demand, the company has entered the head customer supply chain, and we anticipate that with the company's expansion projects, such as Gyan Bien Bien II, Dong Pil Five and the Thai base, we will be able to move forward.
Billion dollars. As the share of high-end products increased and the crop rate recovered, the company ' s Māori ratio improved significantly, reaching 29.84 per cent for electricity and electricity, and is expected to increase gradually in 25-27 years for the company ' s print line board operations, marketing costs: given that the ai brings a brand-new market for high-end products, the company will maintain a slightly higher cost of sales.
R & D costs: In view of the fast and high performance of the arithmetic products, and in order to match high-end products from head clients, we expect the company to increase its R & D rates slightly, with the company expected to be mainly engaged in the design, production and marketing of copper and glue sheets, pcb, respectively, for 25-27 years, taking into account the business characteristics of the company.
We use relative valuations to estimate a reasonable range of valuations for companies. We choose comparable companies for each of the company’s two main lines of business, in the copper-plate area, in the South Asian new materials, in the pcb area, we choose deep south circuits, winning macros, power shares, and dodging holdings as comparable companies.
Other copper-plating manufacturers lacked a consistent wind expectation, so we only refer to South Asia ' s 26-year average of pe, and the 26-year average of pcb industry, which is 23 times the average. Given the company ' s leading position, it is a technical leader in the high-end copper-plate field, and its competitive pattern is superior to that of the copper-plate.
pcb, thus giving the company a 2026 27-29 timespe, a reasonable counterpart to the company ' s copper sheet business, which, in summary, is reasonably valued by the company under the relative valuation method, calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies.
There are many subjective judgments: in the relative valuation method, we have selected companies that are the same or similar to the company's business, and we have obtained reasonable space for the relative valuation of the company under the relative valuation method through valuation of the copper sheet and the pcb branch of the business, if the market is perfect.
Changes in physical risk preferences, downward adjustment of valuation hubs, and the risk that companies may face downward valuation. In profit projections, we expect: 1)ai demand related to arithmetic has erupted, leading to a significant increase in pcb demand; 2)ai servers have introduced new requirements for pcb and signal transfer capacity of copper plates: 3) automobile motorization and intelligence
If these profit projections do not materialize, we expect the company to be net 1 in 25-27 years, with the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials. The company’s main raw materials are copper, resin, glass cloth, etc., and are subject to large quantities of commodities.
The impact of prices, fluctuations in prices of raw materials and imbalances in supply and demand pose a risk to companies in terms of production costs and production operations. Companies identify research and development topics for new products and technologies in the light of trends in technology development in the industry and market demand.
Adapting to consumer needs, the widespread use of new technologies, new materials and new processes, which also necessitated technological upgrading and product upgrading by companies, risked uncertainty in product development.3. Equity diversification risks. Companies do not have controlling shareholders and actual controllers, and as of the end of the quarter of 2025, it was wide.
The company's first shareholders are 24.38 per cent of the company's shareholdings in Guangnang New Holding Group Ltd. in the Eastern Province; the three major shareholders in Dongjung City, the company's share structure is fragmented and there are no controlling shareholders and no real controllers.1 Global trade policy, trade friction risks. Global geopolitical friction is now frequent, if global political circles are involved.
Further deterioration of the situation may have a negative impact on demand for electronics, thereby affecting corporate performance.2 The downside of demand in the market creates a pressure risk for production capacity. The company’s copper ceilings are directly downstream for the printing of circuit boards, and a fall in demand in related areas such as arithmetic, consumer-type electronic terminal products, automobiles, etc. will result in a fall in demand.
The copper sector has reduced demand. If market demand falls in some of the areas downstream in the short term, it will lead to the future company's ability to produce new copper plates or to some degree of digestive pressure. 3. Risk of increased competition in the industry. As electronics technology develops and global environmental awareness increases, markets
The demand for pcb, which is characterized by a high degree of integration, multifunctionality, hyperblation, hyperbolicity, and environmental protection, is also increasing. If companies do not have the capacity to develop continuous technology, the scale of production cannot be expanded effectively, and the quality and quality of their products can be improved effectively, they will face a greater risk of competition in the market.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, independence, objectivity, impartiality are sought and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; and that the author has not studied them in the past, now or in the future.