Integrating capacity enhancement with innovation acceleration, performance is on the verge of realization - the deep medical depth report shows that the profits of the built-in plates are rising rapidly, and we believe that the company's fundamentals are about to enter the crutch phase.
The main variables in the core profits are the Au Hung Pharmacy and the return on investment in the joint and joint ventures.
Industry will introduce a new breed of growth potential, Long Tonin, and in 2019 the company will also be dealing with strategic changes in non-primary lost assets and the sustainability of the current core profit plate.
• The performance of the core subsidiary/business section is an important variable in the company’s future performance. We judge that: 1) the country’s performance in pharmaceutical production is expected to grow steadily over the next three years, benefiting from losses such as hh.
After the assets and car-t were put on the market, Kate's investment returns gradually increased; 2) Jiangsuwan - stock - non-buzz + platinum is expected to continue to grow rapidly for the next three years, with three generation of insulin the fastest forecast to be marketed in 2020, and the diabetes plate is expected to rise; 3) Chongqing Pharmacists - Eto was newly integrated into the Hunan Hole in 2018
In the next three years, we expect a relatively steady increase in the digestion of the pre-Leadile influence, and (4) glandpharma-hardware, which is well-positioned and rich in varieties (four fda-approved, multiple varieties of domestic transmissions)
Future development, divided into India’s listed uplifting of the international influence on re-starry medicine; 5) Oh-hong Pharmacy - synergic development through acquisition of potential varieties such as Long Tonin, which is expected to reverse over the next three years. In addition to endogenous growth, multi-molecular innovation is entering the profit-contribution period to become a company’s future performance.
Continued catalytic factors in Jan. 1) Corporate bio-like drugs are at the forefront of the country and will increase profitability when listed; 2) Bio-innovation drugs counter-surveillance, looking at the potential for joint oncology immunotherapy; 4) R & D investment is at the top of the scale
New drugs are expected to lead to a rise in net interest rates, or new adaptive conditions are approved for listing, providing companies with a continuous increase. • The company’s ability to integrate continues to be realized in the light of the continued improvement in the net interest rate levels of its subsidiaries, Roe and net interest rates.
Gland and Jiangsuwan Roe have increased significantly, and the company’s ability to integrate has continued to materialize. From 2011 to 2018, Jiangsu Wan and Chongqing medicine friends have been steadily rising from 13% to 22% in Jiangsuwan, and from 23% to 28% in Chongqing.
In 2017, the new M & A company, the Gland Hospital, was largely stable, while the company continued to raise the radiation profile of the health services in the Shan City Hospital over the next three years, the regional influence and the corporate health service industry in the south of the country, the San City Hospital.
• Profit forecasting and investment advice based on core business panels and analysis of the Quantico product pipeline, as well as company disposal in the second half of 2019
We're looking at an average value of 36 times per year, and we're giving a "recommended" rating.
Policy risks, such as clinical failure risks, volume purchases, and health-care negotiations, as well as product sales, fall short of expected risks. First, it is evident that the profits of the inner plate are rising rapidly, and the fundamentals are about to enter the crutch phase.
The sustainability of endogenous business, and then, by analysing the future growth of the company’s future pharmaceutical profits, demonstrates the corporate business landscape for investors. The reason why we do not choose to split the business income and the net return is that: 1) there may be external factors such as high spreads at the end of the income, and it does not reflect the company’s return on investment.
The impact on the company’s profits, so that the income end does not accurately reflect the company’s profitability; (2) the net profit of a subsidiary is more difficult to split, especially since the return on investment needs to be converted into a net profit of the parent in order to reflect the impact. In sum, we have chosen the profit of the business as the object of the split.
Based on an analysis of the core profit plate, we believe that the company’s fundamentals are about to enter the crutch phase. The split of operating profits shows that the impact of factors such as the return on investment of 2019h1 to the consortium and joint venture (33%), Jiangsuwan (17%), Chongqing drug friends (11%), and the high cost of regenerative R & D for profit do not truly reflect the growth of the company’s business.
Operating profit contribution to more than 80% of business plus plus and as an internal growth judgement), with an increase of 2019h1 with an annual operating profit of 12.87%. If the loss of a subsidiary results in reduced returns on investment in a consortium and a joint venture, and a decline in profits in the Au Hung pharmaceutical industry,
Slowing down), 7.11 per cent (due mainly to the treatment of partially lost assets, ambrx, Toyagi, drug pals, and the 146 per cent plus the 213 per cent pickle sales of the Homnibus) and 23.8 per cent (continuing product release, recovery of profits from the Orang Pharmacy industry, and recovery of investment returns from alliances and joint ventures), despite higher losses in hhhh and reintroductions.
Without taking into account the effects of gland M&As and the continuing decline in profits, the core profit plate 2017-19h1 is operating profit, the main variables being the Au Hung Pharmacy and the return on investment in joint ventures and joint ventures (this is mainly a result of the expectation that small equity companies will be able to operate and improve or dispose of these lost assets). It can be seen that the Au Hung Pharmacy will introduce new varieties with growth potential.
Tonin, in 2019, the company also started to deal with non-principal losses of hhh, and we believe that the growth of the company itself may have been at a steady, if not a turning point. Based on the changes in corporate strategy mentioned above, and the sustainability of the current core profit plate, we believe that the sustainability of this endogenous growth over the next three years is better, and that the company's fundamentals are about to enter a continuous course.
A good phase is based on an analysis of the core profit plate, and we believe that the company’s fundamentals are about to enter the crutch phase. Figure 1: The company’s fundamentals are about to enter the crutch phase when the profits from the company’s operations are largely attributable to the fragmentation of the business, the certification of strong growth in its endogenous performance and the prediction of sales of its main innovative drug species.
II. BUSINESS BUSINESS SUSTAINABLES: The growth of endogenous business is strong, marginal improvements and innovation increases (i) Assets disposal is fragmented, “investment returns” operations are expected to grow steadily
The return on investment found that the company ' s investment in national pharmaceutical production could continue to contribute to the cash flow of the company, with the company ' s investment in national pharmaceutical production amounting to $773 million, which has been on the rise over the past 10 years, largely thanks to national drug production (the industry ' s income is largely derived from national drug control shares, but the NDA contribution to net national drug production is 59.8 per cent) and net.
The lost asset “other” + the return on investment in the joint venture. We also found that, starting in 2017, the return on the investment in the joint venture was less than the return on investment in the national pharmaceutical industry.
We have lost some of the company's investment earnings. We have been able to clean up the company's major long-term equity investments for the period 2016-2019h1 and found four operations with losses of more than 30 million, the two largest losses being “others” and “Steam Kate”, with investment gains and losses of $93 million and $25 million under the equity law of 2019h1, respectively, and the other two larger assets.
An improvement in the disposal of non-core lost assets, such as hh + business improvements in the next three years, such as Kate, is expected to narrow down or even reverse the four gains and support the company's investment returns. Investment gains and losses account for the revised operating profits (corporate operating profits - “others”).
It's mainly because healthyharmonyholdlings and ameriganpharmarceatures have improved their operations in 219h1. It's worth noting that we found that the Starry Medicines started to dispose of lost assets in these two years, ambrx in 2018, and healthyharmonyholdings in 2019, showing the company's focus on the pharmaceutical industry and its response to the losses.
We believe that, over the next three years, the first car-t product, fkc876, which is still in deficit, is expected to be marketed and further eased from the profit pressure on reinstallation, so that the net profits of future national drug holdings are expected to rise steadily, guaranteeing a steady increase in the return on corporate investment in the country’s pharmaceutical industry.
In the next three years, the net profit share from the company’s investment in the country’s pharmaceutical industry will decline, mainly in view of the company’s high rate of innovation in the pipeline’s harvest period. It is also expected to balance the profit ratio of the company’s pharmaceutical industry in its business structure.
The disease plate is expected to rise, and Jiangsuwan has experienced an upward trend over the past three years in terms of revenue and net profits, with 2,497 million yuan (34.42 per cent more than the previous year), net profits of 320 million yuan (59.01 per cent more than the previous year), mainly due to non-button and pebbles over the last two years.
Timps are growing faster than the year (2019H1 and 116% respectively), and the net interest rate of the company has remained stable and rising. The main varieties of Jiangsuwan are non-Budtah (medically protected type B), Pichetin (medically protected type B), insulin products, yellow capsules, Gremen (medically protected category A), and so on, with good competition patterns and company promotion in the area of chronic diseases.
Experience is expected to keep the non-buzz and pyrotechnics growing fast over the next 2-3 years, making them an entourage in Jiangsuwan, and we expect glyclina to be marketed in 2020, incorporating the 2019 Health Care Directory into a fast-discharged product. There are also three generations of insulin products in the company's pipeline, in which the recombinant 20 insulin is expected to report by the end of the year and the reorganisation of the island.
In addition, Jiangsuwan is also in the process of following the market hotspots of sugar-suggested tubes, obtained in 2014 from sironabiochem.
The sglt-2 target is a net domestic development right and was successfully approved in 2018. The glp-1 receptor accelerator in Jiangsuvan was also approved in 2018.
Injection recombinant (cho-cell) (Ie-Po), which is already on the market, as well as the repromotive-hyfc-integrated protein injection fluids of the bio-pharmaceutical type introduced from Genexine in 2016, have been approved for clinical treatment in July 2019, and the biopharmaceutical field has been gradually enriched and is expected to contribute to the company ' s future performance.
(iii) Chongqing Pharmacies – Income and net profits continue to grow steadily, with the impact of the pre-Retiers gradually increasing their income for the last three years, with net profits remaining high (inflicted by the integration into the Hunan Intifada), 2019h1 income of $3.33 million (a 27.28 per cent increase over the same period), net profits of $406 million (a 39.45 per cent increase over the same period), net interest rates
The main products are glucose glyphs (medically protected type B), sodium thorium injected with head thorium (sharf, vanguard methols), ammonium (multi-provincial health insurance), and pre-Legire, among others. Among them, sales may decline over the next three years because of the impact of the transfer of health-care catalogues. But the company’s glycerin is already one billion or more species.
The company now has the largest market share of sodium head thorium injected (Medium B) and is expected to continue to grow steadily, thanks to its share advantage, and is expected to continue to expand its market coverage for large-scale products. With the new merger into the Hunan Hole Court in 2018 and the above-mentioned masters, we expect to celebrate a new drug friend.
Over the next three years, while absorbing the pre-reedier influence, it is expected to continue to grow more steadily. (iv) Glandpharma – a good hardware condition, a rich variety of support for the future, divided into the international influence of Indian listed companies.
The company is mainly involved in manufacturing injecting drugs, the first manufacturing firm in India to obtain United States-approved injector drugs, and the gmp certification in major global markets. Its operating income comes mainly from the United States and Europe.
Four formulation production lines of 2019h1 were audited/certified by the United States, the European Union, Japan, Australia, Brazil, etc. A total of four generic pharmaceutical products were approved by the U.S. fda.
The company’s announcement of November 2nd, 2019, that gland would go to India to be marketed, would have a greater impact on the global market, using its powerful internationalized medicines to register its claims.
Audkin’s pressure continues to be released, and the potential for long-range tonin injection is expected to lead to a reversal of performance. As a result of the tightening of the management of small cow blood drugs as an aid drug from 2015, Odkin’s sales continued to decline, compared to 2019.
Medicines are transferred out of the health catalogue, and we expect the company's heavy-pound Odyskin sales to continue to decline at the same rate, thus affecting its performance. To ensure the efficiency of the O-Hong Pharmacy platform, companies are also continuously introducing potential items such as Long Tonin, which buys 97.83% of Leister's shares, while buying two of Holgos' invited varieties around the period of surgery.
We believe that with the subsequent introduction of new varieties with growth potential and the continued release of Odeking pressure, future O-Rong’s pharmaceutical performance is expected to reverse. The primary product of Lester’s pharmaceutical product is the e-ether hydrochloride injection fluid (Long Tonin), which achieved sales revenue in 2018.
RMB 210 million, or about 88% of Liste's income from sales during the same period.
One new drug has been added to the National Health Insurance Directory (2019), the National Essential Medicines Directory (2018) and the Chinese List of Listed Medicines. We believe it is possible for Chang Tonin to achieve rapid release under a relatively mature marketing network.
The species of "et-26" and "altoxazine spraying" are intellectual property rights and other related rights. The et-26 is a short arterial artery for aphids, whole body anaesthesia, and the et-26 is used as a induction for whole body anesthesia, as well as as for short surgery and diagnostic tests, or as a sedative for patients in intensive care.
The first effects are a significant increase in the concentration and bioavailability of the blood sprays on the Xazin, and the treatment of acute chronic pain for all cancers. Based on the pressure from the Odkin Health Insurance List, the gradual release and the introduction of the new growth potential species, Long Tonin, we expect.
The company’s acquisition of varieties such as Long Tonin and Et-26 for pre-wood and technical anaesthesia, respectively, has a better synergy with the major application units of the Othong pharmaceutical industry, which has helped to further enrich the company’s chain of operations in the area of operations. Considering that the slowdown in Odkin may slow in 2020, the company’s sales will be more abundant.
Long-sale experience tonning is likely to be faster, with the prospect of a decline in profits from the decline in the sale of Goodkin, and we expect a gradual increase in net interest rates for the O-Rong pharmaceutical industry starting in 2020, with a steady increase in net profits compared to the rate of increase. (v) Medical instruments and diagnostic plates - the installation of da Vinci ' s surgical robots, the acceleration of new products
The income of the plate has increased at a smooth pace over the years, but net profits have declined as a result of a visual recovery loss. Healthcare equipment and diagnostics in 209h1 have achieved revenues of 1.797 billion yuan, an increase of 6.45 per cent, and net profits of 230 million yuan, a decline of 8.78 per cent.
This is due mainly to the fact that the joint venture’s visualization is still in the advanced stages of investment, with the business expansion deficit increasing. We believe that the three-quarter recovery in da Vinci’s robotics will lead to an improvement in the visualization of the reboot, coupled with the prospect that the following new varieties will be on the market to boost the income and net profit of the medical instruments and diagnostic plates from 2019 to 2021.
There has been a steady increase: the new product breas was listed in the first half of 2019, the new product sisram was launched sopranotitanium (laser dehuffing) and two new products, colibri (non-surgery eye morphing and dewrought), the autonomous platform of chemical fully automated luminous instrumentation has been marketed, the diagnostic product glycotest (hepatic cancer diagnosis) and the printed genetic product (thyroid cancer diagnosis) have started product transformation.
Plus, Hpv diagnostic reagents and t-spot reagent boxes are growing rapidly. (vi) Medical service plates - still in the expansion phase, with increased inputs leading to pressure on performance. The integration of medical services modules has worked. The company ' s medical services plate 20199h1 generated income of $1.460 billion, an increase of the same amount.
21.56 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $101 million, a decrease of 24.47 per cent over the same period. The decrease in net profit is due mainly to the impact of some of the newly built and newly opened hospitals still in the pre-exploitation period, higher operating costs, and proceeds from the disposal of assets during the same period last year, as well as to the company ' s active engagement in contracting new hospitals, the expansion of operating hospitals and the construction of new projects to improve the strategic layout.
In total, 4,328 beds have been approved for the Chin City Hospital and the Hengsheng Hospital, which are held by the company’s group of 2019h1. The Jin City Hospital has received 776 million yuan, an increase of 19.00% over the same period, and a net profit of 9.43 million yuan, an increase of 6.97% over the same period, which is the main department of medical services.
The Institute’s project, which actively seeks new opportunities for the merger and purchase of medical services, continues to improve the layout of the company’s medical services, and improves coverage and influence. We believe that, as the company develops its strategic layout in the field of specialized and integrated hospitals in developed coastal cities and regions, it is expected to achieve steady profitability and overall integrity.
iii. Big molecular innovation drugs are in harvest, small molecular innovation ladders are in shape, and (i) the macro-bio-like drugs are in profit-contribution, joint oncological immunisation therapy is expected to enter with bio-like drugs, bio-innovatives continue to expand, and platform values are expected to be validated.
Founded in 2010, based on 25 years of rich experience in the field of pharmaceutical development, Dr. liu and Dr. jiang, the founder of the company, developed an efficient integrated global research and development platform using bio-like drugs as a conduit point of entry, ensuring that the new pipelines are constantly updated, creating continuous competitiveness.
In 2019, the company’s first commercial country produced a similar drug, Hanlikon (Ledoscopic antibiotics), and is rich in tube lines. In addition to Han Likang, which is already on the market, the company has developed more than 20 candidate biopharmaceuticals and multiple oncological immunology treatments.
Rheumatological arthritis adaptation, hlx04). Clinical iii. Three co-metals have been developed, and two co-methods have been prepared for different adaptive ii and iii. We believe that the company bio-like tubes are ahead of schedule, and that future bio-innovation lines are worth looking forward to.
1 Biologically Similar Medicines - Han Likang is on the market, Adarmu and Kutoot are expected to be approved by 2020, and the market for bio-like medicines is promising, with the number and pace of similar medicines for Hwang Han-hyun organisms leading the way.
The scale of sales should be between 3.35 billion, 3.5 billion, 2.53 billion, 0.8 billion, and 200 billion yuan. The species of bio-like medicine can be considered to be the leading domestic business in terms of quantity and progress.
Adding to the fact that species such as thugs are still the preferred option for first-line treatments, bio-like drugs will significantly increase the penetration of mono-anti-drugs in such major diseases as breast cancer, stomach cancer, and auto-immunopathy. We expect that hlx02 and hlx03 will be marketed in 2020, and hlx04 is expected to be available in 2020.
Applications for the listing of hlx02 and hlx03 have been accepted by cde in April and January 2019, respectively, and are now included in the priority review, and we expect to be approved for listing as soon as possible in the first half of 2020. hlx04 is running the iii clinical trial, and we expect to apply for listing in the first half of 2020, or in 2021.
The Nda Adawood bio-like drug, which is a priority review), is at the forefront of the country’s progress and is expected to be released more quickly in the future under the re-stardry marketing network. There is a relatively pre-existing competitive advantage over the distribution network of other biotech companies.
This will increase the profitability of the company. 2 Biological innovation medicine reserves are rich, the pipeline layouts are gradually being shaped, and the company's current layout in the field of bio-innovation medicine is gradually taking shape, with the fastest progress of hlx10 (pd-1) entering iii.
, hlx07 (egfr, improved Western Veterans) enter clinical stage ii, with hlx10 single drug treatment msi-h/dmr in clinical phase ii and hlx10 co-therapy in clinical phase iii. Other rapidly moving varieties include hlx06 (vegfr2), hlx20 (pd-l1) and hlx22 (her2) in clinical phase i, and multiple units in clinical phase iii.
The company currently has several combination therapy strategies, such as pd-1/pd-l1, combining other mono-resistant, chemistic or cancer vaccines, and the company's rich target coverage in the pipeline will be diverse for subsequent combinations of joint therapy.
Sex provides strong support, and this is a leader in domestic businesses. The layout’s anti-supervised future combinations can create a rich mix of clinical dilemmas that currently and even future single-drug treatments have become a bottleneck.
Some of the clinical needs are met. We've counted (see table) the mono- and mono- and anti-immunal co-therapy lines run by transnational drug companies with pd-1 products and pd-l1 products. As can be seen, a variety of mono- and mono-resistant oscillation strategies are being developed internationally and internationally, such as the approved opdivo+yervoy (pd-1+ctla-4) and tecentriq+chemo.
+alastin (pd-l1+vegf), as well as multiple clinically associated pd-1/l1 with other target antibodies (pd-l1+ctla-4, pd-l1+cd73, pd-1+pd-l1, pd-1+lag-3, pd-1+cd38, pd-l1+cd38, pd-l1+her2, tigit+pd-l1) and a combination of single-resistant + mono-resistance oncological inoculations into i
(cd20+pd-l1, tgfβ+pd-1, etc.) Domestic pharmaceutical companies are relatively lagging behind in the use of single-resistant + monocancer immunisation, with a maximum of three tube lines developed with Hlx10+hlx04 (pd-1+vegf, hcc, ii), hlx10+hlx04+chemical therapy (ii, Nsqnsclc)
(pd-1+vegf-alfa, liver cancer, ii/ii) and ibi308+ibi305+ chemotherapy (egfr mutagenic nsqnsclc, iii phase), which is comparable to the clinical progress of the HUN and Sindha organisms.
The priority layout, which is expected to lead to an overturning of the wheels through better-functioning joint immunization treatments, together with the company’s relatively diverse configurations on the three target groups of oncology specificity, anti-vascular production, and oncological immunisation, also supports the development of a combination of different types of monocancer + monocancer immunology treatments in the future, and sees the potential for future joint oncology treatments in the company.
4. The R & D investment is at the forefront of the big molecule biotech, with future R & D focusing on hlx10 and its co-operation strategy, with 6 innovative drugs expected to be on the market by 2022, and R & D investment totalling 529 million yuan in R & D for H & D.
39.12%. From the absolute value of R & D inputs, the comparison of R & D inputs with those of several other innovative biomagnostic biotech is still at the forefront, and is much lower than the Sindas and much higher than the Genuine Organisms and Beotiles (2019h1 R & D is an estimate of q1 data).
In addition to the strategic layout referred to above, it can be seen from the use of the Re-Hanhan ipo fund-raising fund-raising that the company will focus its future research and development on hlx10 and the development of the Oncological Immunisation Programme, where the development of the company's biologically similar medicine core product is almost complete.
After nearly a decade of deep cultivation and sedimentation, the regenerative organisms like the tube line and the bio-innovation line are on the harvest. It is expected that new products or new adaptive disorders will be marketed every year in 2020-2024, providing companies with a sustained increase.
The bio-like drug line product, Litosha, Adamu and Curtod beads, are on the first ladder and are expected to be marketed in 2020, providing new increases for companies. The company’s innovative pd-1 antibody hlx10 is expected to be on the market in 2021, with Hlx10 and hlx04 immunotherapy treatments expected in 2022 and 2023.
In April 2019, the company announced that the controlling company, the pharmaceutical industry, had been authorized by Reneuron to operate in mainland China.
In Hong Kong and Macao, and in Taiwan, neuro stem cell ctx products are being developed, produced and commercialized to treat post-cerebral disabilities and human retinal retinal disorders, and the ancestral cellular hrpc products are being developed, produced and commercialized. Both products are cellular treatment products, together with the previous cytotherapy platform set up in conjunction with kite, and the company ' s current cytotherapy platform includes repeat stars.
In addition, on November 11, restar medicine announced a partnership agreement with Vann Biomedicine to gain two rights to the development of car-t products for the treatment of real tumors, which shows that the company is building a variety of flats in the field of cellular therapy.
And we're looking at the future of the cytotherapy platform. In conjunction with the research and development analysis of the variety, we find that the company's layout in cell therapy is at the top of the country, and we expect that the car-t product will be on the market early in 2021, which will be a major improvement in the business performance of the re-star Kate, and the return on its investment is expected to improve.
(iii) Chongqing Reconstructing + Reconstructing + Reconstructing + Small Molecular Quantities, which are gradually becoming morphed, in addition to focusing on the development of molecular drugs, and the company ' s main R & D subsidiary platforms include Chongqing (76 per cent shareholding), Reconstructing Hiroshi (75 per cent shareholding) and Shanghai Star Tai (100 per cent shareholding).
The company's fastest-growing small molecular drug is the dpp-4 inhibitor fcn-005 (ii): the target is used to treat the small molecular inhibitor saf-189 (butyldidine retuneni, iia). The company's autonomous treatment was approved by the fda in January of the year and certified by the U.S. fda fast-track review in June 2019, showing the company.
In addition, fda, approved for listing only one product for the treatment of leukemia (fda orphan drug certification in December 2019) and new anti-tuberculosis drug pa-824 are expected to be among the bright spots of the future company’s small molecules’ innovative drug line.
R & D started late, but companies are moving ahead with small molecular drug research and development either autonomously or cooperatively, and have developed more competitive varieties such as orin1001 and f1501. As a start-up version of small molecules, Hwang Han-hwan, looks forward to the next three to five years of the company's small molecular drug platform.
In terms of the continued improvement in the levels of subsidiary roe and net interest rates, it is clear that the ability to integrate is constantly being realized in Gland and Jiangsuwan and that the ability to integrate continues to be realized. We are generating net profits from the company.
Analysis of the data on the operations of the major subsidiaries with a high impact shows that the company’s ability to integrate the newly acquired firms is gradually being realized. From 2011 to 2018, it can be seen that Jiangsuwan and Chongqing drug users have been steadily increasing in Roe, with Jiang Suvan rose from 13% to 22% and Chongqing drug users from 23% to 28%.
This is accompanied by an increase in coverage and influence, which is expected to lead to a more stable increase in the profits of the roe. It is expected to continue. The level of sisram (1696.hk)roe on the Hong Kong border in 2017 also rose from 4% in 2017 to 7% in 2018, reflecting the company’s ability to integrate its subsidiary operations.
In the next three years, with the company’s continued efforts to raise the radiation coverage and regional influence of the health services at the Chen City Hospital, the group’s health-care industry in South China, and the relatively stable level of the Chen City Hospital at Roe, which is expected to continue to improve in the future, the management of calf blood as an ancillary drug began to tighten, leading to a decline in sales in Odkin, leading to a net increase in Oding’s pharmaceutical industry.
Interest rates and roe continue to fall. But we believe that the Au Hung Pharmacy performance is expected to improve by 2020, mainly on the basis that: (1) the absolute value of Odkin sales from 2019 to 2020 is declining and the overall impact on the Au Hung Pharmacy industry is declining; (2) sales of existing products such as Medicare B products are expected to continue to grow steadily, with an increasing impact on company performance; and (3) companies are also expected to increase.
Efforts have been made to introduce new varieties, such as the acquisition of Lester, the acquisition of two new varieties of Holgos invitation months, and the introduction of more potential products into the Othong pharmaceutical system, which is expected to raise the income and profitability of the Othong pharmaceutical industry in the future. We therefore believe that, over the next three years, the Othong pharmaceutical industry’s net interest rate and the Roe level are expected to grow.
V. Corporate financial data analysis - costs are slowing down on a year-on-year basis, research and development is investing more in innovation, and looking forward to an increase in the net interest rate driven by the power of the innovative line of medicine 2019q3, which achieved business income of $21.228 billion in the first three quarters of 2019q3, an increase of 17.01 per cent over the same period, mainly in the corporate core.
The growth in sales and the performance of the new M&As gland. The net return to the mother in the first three quarters of 2019q3 was $2.06 billion, a 1.45 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly because the company’s sales costs increased at a higher rate than the return to the same year, combined with a slowdown in investment returns due to the growth rate of the company’s sales costs and losses of the United States-European subsidiary, among other things.
The sales costs of 2017-201903 are slowing down over the next three years, and we believe the profit-end growth is expected to remain stable, and the marketing costs of market openings are rising. At this rate, sales costs and fees (reconciling R & D costs into management costs) are 24.2% and 21.5% faster, respectively, than those of companies in the first three quarters of 2019.
The same rate of growth, which drives the net profits of companies to decline at the same rate. But, we find that sales costs of 2017-2019q3 are slowing down at the same rate, and we believe that the next three years will be accompanied by steady growth in the company’s in-house business and the listing of new products. At the end of the year, there will be rapid growth, and the rate of increase in costs is expected to remain stable, leading to steady growth at the profit end.
In terms of cash flows, the company has been operating well and the net cash flow generated by its operations has continued to rise, with the corresponding net cash flow rising steadily in the single quarter. In 2017 and 2018, the net cash flow generated by its operations slowed at the same rate as in the two years, mainly as a result of increased taxes, staff expenditures and other related cash expenditures. From the current cash flow point of view, the company has passed through the cash flow.
Camp activity is good, and we expect steady growth over the next three years. (ii) Research and development investment is high, with innovation expected to drive up net interest rates.
The firm ' s net interest rate level is also expected to pick up gradually in terms of the steady stabilization of the inputs for innovative medicines and the harvest of the reintrogen pipeline. Figure 30: Ratio of corporate cost and capitalization R & D and R & D investment to Figure 31: M & A and changes in net interest rates for corporate sales
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: (i) The income growth rate of the major pharmaceutical operations 2019-2021 and the same rate of business growth associated with the projected growth of the business and the new variety of incremental activities, and our contribution to the company ' s main subsidiaries and divisions
(ii) Comparable company valuations based on the company ' s income from its primary reliance on generic pharmaceutical operations and covering bioinnovative medicines, medical devices/medical diagnostics and medical treatment
The service business, so we have chosen Heung Swe’s medicine (i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e.e., i.e., i.e.e.e., i.e., i., i., i., i., i., i., i., i., i., i.e.e., i., i., i., i.e.e., i.e.e., i.e.e.e., i., i., i., i., i., i., i., i.e.e.e.
In addition to the current company’s pharmaceutical manufacturing and research plates, medical service plates, and medical diagnostics, the company’s profitability has improved significantly in the first three quarters. Given the company’s disposal of the healthyharmony Holdings assets in the second half of 2019, the company may have recognized the larger asset disposal gains in 2019, so we have earned the previous profits.
An average of 36 times the 2019 value of the Kyoto New Pharmacy, Washington Medicines, Leuple Medicines, we give a “recommended” rating. 1) Policy risk. In recent years, conducting generic pharmaceutical consistency evaluations, volume purchases, and health insurance negotiations, if companies imitate drugs that cannot be evaluated by consistency, or if they do not have a consistent evaluation but do not have a winning mark, will be a challenge to the company's operations.
Market competition risks. There is a strong competition for bio-like drug research and development by the subsidiaries, the companies that follow it, the companies that market it, and the other companies that compete for bio-like drugs, and the markets that increase competition for innovative pharmaceutical products, 3) the clinical progress of innovative drugs is less than expected or at risk of failure in clinical development. Innovative drug research and development is at high risk of investment.
Characteristics, company bioinnovates and small molecular innovations remain highly uncertain in subsequent clinical development, and there is a risk that clinical development will fail at a slower pace than expected, or even into a later stage of clinical development, which will result in less than the expected risk of sales of products.
Table 8: Summary of competition patterns and progress in research and development of core bio-like pharmaceutical species in the Quantities of Hong Kong; Table 9: Summary of mono-resistant plus mono-cancer immunotherapy
A summary of the company's financial statement data projections The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels and that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence.