The tax-exempt operation continues to operate and is to be integrated with the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incidents: The company issued its tri-quarter report for 2018. In the first three quarters of 2018, 34.1 billion yuan, or 42.5 per cent more than in the previous quarter. Of this amount, q3 generated 13.2 billion yuan, or 59.2 per cent more than in the previous quarter, and the mother ' s net profit was $790 million, or 29.3 per cent more than in the previous quarter.
In terms of tax-exempt operations, the tax-free business continues to grow. In terms of tax-exempt operations, the tax-exempt revenue is 24.560 billion (yoy+122%) for the first three quarters, the net profit is 2.54 billion (yoy+37%) for the mother, and the increase in the Sanya Sea Bay continues to be beautiful, with $5.71 billion (yoy+30%) for the first three quarters and the net profit for the mother.
Of that amount, q3 fell to 45 million yuan, with a significant decline in the ring. Outward: $5.46 billion (yoy+93%) in Shanghai, $150 million (yoy+27%) in net profit from mothers, $7.17 billion in Shanghai, $390 million in net profit from mothers, and significantly increased tax-exempt performance from companies in March.
In the first three quarters of the year, the Hong Kong General House received 9,392 million (youy-2 per cent) and a net return profit of 59 million (youy+51 per cent).
The significant increase of 13 pp to 41.4 per cent in the same year for the company as a whole in Shanghai, Japan, was accompanied by the implementation of new deductions in Shanghai, the capital airport from February, and the higher cost input of the Hong Kong airport during the climb period, which resulted in a significant increase in the cost end, with the sales rate rising to 24 per cent (yoy+12.7 pp), overall.
The same rate has been raised to 27.1% for the same period (yoy+12.9pp). The scale effect is expected to continue as companies continue to expand their tax-exempt sales and purchases.
The holding shareholders travel group intends to transfer 2 per cent of their shareholdings in China's BNW to the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province, which intends to transfer 51 per cent of its shareholdings in the Sea Free Company to the Tourist Group, or to inject them into the United States Travel Group, with $2.15 billion in sales/shopping in 2017 at the Merland Airport, under the Sea Free.
This integration will optimize tax-free competition from the island and strengthen the consolidation of corporate monopolies. 300,000 tax-free items from the island (oy+15.3%) will be sold in two tax-free stores in China during the Golden Week.
Sexual growth trends, coupled with further liberalization of the industry-based duty-free business presence policy, company 1. China Travel (60188): tax-exempt performance, profit forecasts and ratings. According to the third quarterly report and the Hainan tax-exempt data disclosure, we predict corporate profitability.
In the domestic tax-exempt industry, there is an absolute preponderant advantage, and the industry's status continues to rise through integration and mergers, and the effects are expected to continue to be felt, while benefiting from the expectation of a tax-exempt policy in Hainan Island that a high growth in corporate performance is expected to continue, maintaining an “uptake” rating.
Assumption 1: With reference to the data for the first three quarters of the tax exemption, we have mainly adjusted the cost of tax-exempt income for Sanya, assuming that the rate of tax-exempt shopping penetration in Hainan Island reached 14 per cent, 16 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively, between 2018 and 2020, and that the per capita amount of shopping will not increase from 2018 to 2020:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.