The Hainan tax-free market is being consolidated further, and the China Travel Group, the China Free Shareholder: the company has issued an announcement that the Hainan State Treasury will hold it.
Some of Henan Province Tax Exemptions Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the Sea Free Company) have lost 51% of their shareholdings to the China Tourist Group, which will hold 51% of the Sea Free Company's shareholdings. In the meantime, the Tourist Group has lost 2% of its shareholdings.
The shares of the company were given to the Hainan State Capital Committee, whose share of the tour group was reduced to 53.3 per cent, and it would be injected into the company immediately upon completion of the transfer: in order to avoid competition between the Sea Free and the corporate full capital subsidiary, the tour group promised to start immediately after the completion of this unsuccessful transfer.
If the company decides not to buy it, the travel group will dispose of 51% of the shares held by the company, including by selling them, within one year after the company has made a valid decision not to buy them, and the company will have the right to purchase them first.
As soon as this uncompensated transfer has been completed, an agreement is signed to sign a title hosting agreement to place 51% of the shares of the exemption company in the custody of the company before it is injected or disposed of.
51% share, 49% share in the base of the sea, 30,546 m2 operating, affected by airport and dfs wholesale cut-off points in 2017, and 1h18 sales above 1.2 billion/yoy+20% tax-free.
By the time the sea was free of dfs, by August, by January 19, 2019, by the announcement that the sea would be free of supply, and by the prospect of discounts on the distribution of the cut points, the sea would be free of the Māori rate, with an increase in the interest rate, and the data calculations for 2017 would be between $210 million and $320 million. We believe that the sea would be free of loss.
The strategic importance of drawing up for tour groups and further injections into listed companies is consistent with the previous Hainan Trade Zone construction programme, which will further integrate the Hainan Ex-Island Tax Free Market and open a long space for tax-free shops in the city: the country has completed a business register in Shanghai.
The company also said that this year it will focus on the tax-free shop project in the city. The development of the tax-free shop in the former city is not yet complete, and the company’s long-term performance will continue to grow as the policy and business involved in the future progresses.
Risk tips: Tax exemption sales are not expected and tax exemption policy changes are expected. Expected return. er) as follows:
Sale of sell (-30% er\le-10%); strong sales of strongsell (er\le-30%) Annex II: Bonded Debt Statement, Annex III: Cash Flows Schedule
_capital€are #22 Taiwan Hong Kong Shanghai