Focus on tax-free start-up of the China Travel (601888) incident review of China Travel
The capital subsidiary, China International Travel Agency General, Ltd., transferred 100 per cent of its shareholdings to holding shareholders, China Tourism Group Ltd., at a transfer price of RMB 183,08457,000.1 Detaching from the low Maori travel agency operations, focusing on tax-exempt owners, significantly improving profitability targets
The company ' s two main businesses are merchandise trade (mainly tax-exempt business for middle- and middle-exempt companies) and tourism services (mainly travel agency business for National Hotels), which, according to the 2017 newspaper, account for 55.23 per cent and 43.41 per cent of the revenue, respectively, while the tax-exempt industry, in terms of profit contributions, is tax-free.
The net profit rate is 15.6% and the profit contribution is over 98%, while the net interest rate for travel agency business is less than 1% and the net profit is less than 2%. This stripping is not expected to have a significant impact on total profit, but rather on a significant increase in corporate profitability indicators, which will benefit companies in the future.
This transfer, valued at $1.803 billion, will also lead to sufficient cash flows for companies to integrate further.
This breakup will also effectively regulate competition between listed companies and their counterparts in the group's travel agency, etc. 51 per cent of the October exemption has been allocated to the travel group on a pro bono basis.
In the context of accelerated integration, it is also expected that the future sea free will accelerate the injection into listed companies, the corporate sector, 1 China Travel (601888): tax-free business growth is strong, the vanguard position is further strengthened, and the future benefits of the Hainan tax-free policy will be fully realized.
Since December, the Henan Island tax exemption has been raised again, and policies have been advanced to promote tax-free consumption potential2 and the China Travel (601888): the first three quarters have seen performance increase, leaving more room for development for the company's tax-exempt owners.
Two of the city's tax-free stores have already completed their work, while the city stores in Shanghai, Tianjin, etc., 3 and China Travel (601888): White Yunt2 exit shop flowers, with good policies and prospects for accelerated landing, are expected to produce new company performances in the future.
4 China Travel (601888): Tax-free taps on the threshold of a new round of growth 2017-09-29 The source of financial prosperity in the East
China Travel (601888): Focus on tax-free start-up. This break-up of travel agency business will help the company focus on tax-free owners and significantly improve its profitability, while generating a strong cash flow. The policy of tax-free off-island is relaxed, and the group integration is expected to inject into the expected strengthening of listed companies and stores in the city will contribute to the company's future tax-exempt owners.
Billions, $50,488 million and $5,5035 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $37,11 million, $4,985 million and $5,758 million, respectively.
China Travel (601888). Focus on tax-free start-up studies in the field of drinking tourism.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.