On December 6th, the Traveling Bull Network stated that, based on an analysis of the Touring Platform, more tourists chose to spend Christmas and New Year's Day on vacations and festivals.
The annual holiday is now at an early stage, and the tourist market is entering a milder season, and the year's year-end vacations are at a peak. According to the data on the journeys, the product of the spring vacation is already at its peak. According to the head of the trip, the consumption of the spring holiday is well received, and, according to statistics, a large number of tourists have been ordered to travel with applications, websites and various under-line shops.
At the end of the year, the prices of the spring trips were generally at the same level as in previous years. According to the data from the Internet, the top 10 people in the interior of the country, namely Hainan, Yunnan, Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Northeast Link, Sichuan, Hunan, China North Link, Chenxi, South Down, Van Zhenang Research Assistant.
In addition, the southern half of the world, such as Australia, New Zealand, and the Arctic regions, such as Finland, Norway, Iceland, are domestic tourists.
Another major concentration at the end of the year. At the same time, during the spring season, exit products remained almost the same as in the past, with prices falling for some tourist destinations.
Market hot spots, industry depths, and a 5-10% drop in the search. According to China’s youth newspaper, journalists, while the United States dollar has risen against the renminbi, it has had little impact on the prices of spring spring products, with investors with an important reference value in absolute returns.
It's basically the same as in previous years, and it doesn't have any impact on visitors choosing to travel abroad. The head of the excursion tour, S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S.
A weekly update, if the offer does not yield a higher value for money, ensures the stability of prices for spring-busting products. A change, a tracking point, or a reason for the offer.
For the next three months, we think that these stock trends will significantly outpace the market, build the dollar by 0.9 per cent over the same period, and earn $213.5 per room available, a decline of -0.2 per cent over the same period.
United States: 57.3 per cent hotel occupancy in the United States area in the fourth quarter of November 2018, an increase of 1 percentage point over the same period; average daily house price of $120.2 and Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Global: In October 2018, the region with the highest global occupancy rate was Europe, with 77.4 per cent; the Middle East and Africa, with 64.7 per cent; Europe, with $144.0, with the Asia-Pacific region, with the highest global average, with $111.7;
In August 2018, tax-free sales from our island amounted to $740 million, an increase of 28.0 per cent. Free consumption from the island amounted to 223,000 people, an increase of 17 per cent. As of November 2018, our duty-free imports amounted to $14.42 billion, an increase of 23.2 per cent.
As of October 2018, the country ' s air traffic had reached 510 million passengers, an increase of 11.5 per cent over the same period; risk factors: macroeconomic downsides, high exchange rate fluctuations, political and diplomatic tensions, and a high incidence of malignant events; and climate disasters and extreme weather events.
The tax-exempt business is growing rapidly, the Maori rate is rising, the Maori rate is rising. The tax-exempt business is driving the company's Māori rate is rising and performance is growing rapidly. The company's profits are growing at a lower rate in the first quarter of the third quarter than in the second quarter of the year, mainly due to one-time expenses such as rent payments from the tax-free shop in the third quarter of the Sea Bay, while tax-exempt operations in other regions remain well under way.
According to the company, the tax-free operations at Lagdell and Bai Yun Airport in Guangzhou in Hong Kong had lost their profits in September, of which the tax-free operations at Bai Yun Airport in Guangzhou had generated about $540 million in the first three quarters.
Next, 10.8 per cent over the same period; tourism gross revenue of 35.4 billion yuan over the same period increased by 13.9 per cent; cumulative shopping numbers increased by 30.3 per cent over the same period from January to September; and the Tria market performance was strong. In January to September this year, Sanya received 57.7 million tourist arrivals, an increase of 13.3 per cent over the same period.
According to the company, Shanghai started in March 2018 and is expected to grow faster than we had anticipated in September, and the Chinese brigade was driven by its expansion and high industrial growth. Tax-free operations will continue to grow at a high rate, while the company’s travel agency will increase at a steady rate, 48 times. As a result of higher corporate profits in Shanghai, San Asia receives high-speed, high-growth companies that are tax-free from the island.
Risks, coalition shop risks, exchange rate risks, industry growth below expectations, and force majeure factors.
High growth in tax-exempt operations, one-time expenditure affecting profit growth. Toysche, Master of International Trade and Commercial Law, University of McCorrey, officially joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2014 for research in the consumer and energy-chemical industries. Fan Chang-hwan, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Exeter, officially joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2017 for research in the consumer sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.