High growth in tax-exempt operations, one-time expenditure affecting profit growth — quarterly review of the Chinese National Brigade (60188.sh)
High growth in tax-exempt operations, one-time expenditure affecting profit growth 6 November 2018 Chinese National Brigade (60188.sh)
This represents an increase of 64.39 per cent in the same year, with tax-exempt operations making a significant contribution, with tax-free shops growing by more than 30 per cent in Sanya, more than 20 per cent in Shanghai, and double-digit increases in both passenger traffic and unit prices. The company achieved a net return of 2.71 billion yuan, or 41.79 per cent, and a return of 790 million yuan, or 29.3 per cent, in the third quarter.
On 22 October 2018, the company received notification from the China Travel Group, a controlling shareholder, that the tourism group intended to transfer 2 per cent of the shares held by the company to the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province, which held 51 per cent of the Hainan Province Tax Free Goods Company Ltd., which was relatively deep at 300 per cent.
After the completion of this non-reimbursable transfer, the tourism group will hold 51% of the shares of the Sea Free Company and become a controlling shareholder of the Sea Free Company.
The mission undertook to initiate the process of infusing 51 per cent of the shareholdings of Sea exempt companies into the company immediately after the completion of the current non-reimbursable transfer and to place 51 per cent of the shares of Sea exempt companies in the company ' s trust until they were injected or disposed of. (601888.sh): Consumption escalation + policy support.)
The tax-free business is growing rapidly and the Māori rate continues to rise: the tax-free business ' s rapid development drives the company ' s Māori rate continues to rise, and the performance of the company ' s main data (2018.11.5).
The company’s profits grew less than in the first quarter of the third quarter than in the first quarter of the first three quarters (601888, sh): one-time expenses such as high-sea rent were awarded in the third quarter, while tax-exempt operations in other areas remained well under way. According to the company, Lagdell and Guangzhou White, Hong Kong, reported.
The tax-free operation at Yun Airport lost its profits in September, including about $540 million in tax-free revenue from the first three quarters of Guangzhou Bai Yun Airport. The first three quarters of the year saw a double-digit increase in the number of tourists and their income: according to the Sanya City Tourism Board, during the first three quarters of the year, the third quarter of the year saw a trip to the city.
15.51 million visitors, an increase of 10.8 per cent over the same period: tourism gross revenue of $35.4 billion, an increase of 13.9 per cent over the same period: 30.3 per cent over the same period between 1 September and the cumulative increase in the number of purchases, and the strong performance of the Sanya tourist market. From January to September this year, Sanya received 57.7 million visitors, an increase of 13.3 per cent over the same period.
The two-fold increase in the numbers has contributed significantly to the performance of the country’s travels. Japan’s Shanghai shows earlier than expected: according to the company, Shanghai started and started in March 2018, before we did, the Sinda Securities Company.
The expected September list of cindasecuritiesco.ltd has led to an increase in the combined rate in Shanghai from 33% to 83% in 2018.
The net profit forecast for mothers ranges from 6.2% to 3.54 billion yuan. Profit forecast and rating: The China National Brigade is driven by its own expansion and high growth in industry, tax-free operations will continue to grow at a high rate, and companies that receive high-speed and high-growth visitors from Asia will be tax-free from the island, and therefore the company will be rated as “buy-in.”
Risk factors: The risk of macroeconomic cyclical fluctuations and industry not increasing as expected (including policy risks), industry growth is not as high as expected, tax-free Māori growth is not as high as expected, industry competition risks, exchange rate risks, and force majeure factors.
The natural gas industry chain, with special studies on new sources of energy, automobile light-quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions, fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and a master ' s degree in international trade and commercial law from the University of McAuret, formalizing the SNSDI in December 2014, in the consumer and energy-chemical industries, and a master ' s degree in finance and investment from the University of Ekssets, in April 2017, in the consumer sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.