Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Center 51 per cent exemption to tourism groups, enhanced tax-free domestic monopoly status of companies Market price (RMB): 57.80 yuan
The controlling shareholder, the China Tourism Group, transferred 2% of the company’s shareholdings to the China Investment Committee of Hainan Province.
In order to avoid competition between China and China, the tourism group undertakes to start the process of infusing 51% of the held shares into the company as soon as this no-pay transfer is completed. The tourism group will sign with the company as soon as this no-pay transfer is completed.
By entering into an equity trust agreement, 51% of China’s shares are placed in the company’s custody before being injected or disposed of. From taking over Hainan’s procurement business to holding shareholders in China’s tourist group, 51% of China’s shares are exempted from the sea, with subsequent equity injections: Hainan’s tax exemption and tax exemption.
The dfs supply contract is due to expire on 1 January 1919, when the Central Free Group will take the lead on the Meran airport tax-free purchasing team, and now 51% of China’s equity will be injected into the company.
In the first half of 2018, more than 600,000 trips/+18 per cent were made to the Melanes Airport free store; sales amounted to more than $1.2 billion/+20 per cent. Considering that 18 years will be spent at the airport in the capital city, March and Shanghai.
The performance of China National Tourism Corporation (HUNC) with a low impact on the overall performance of the company, such as receiving a cut-off rate of 42.5 per cent and tax-exempt income such as Macao, Hong Kong, however, the China National Tourism Company (HUNC) followed-up study - RMB exchange rate
The company's continued placement of its headquarters in Hainan market and its consolidation of the company's duty-free market in Hainan Island.
The State Council published the China (Hainan) Free Trade Pilot Area General Program on 16 September, which created pessimism in the market about tax-exempt policies and free- from-monopoly status. Stock prices fell sharply in the United States.
"The China Travel Company's Dock - Fair Price Collection Day will strengthen China's monopoly advantage over tax-exempt markets in Hainan Island and even China's tax-exempt maps.
At the same time, 83 fully corrupt or controlled subsidiaries of China’s companies were transferred to Henan’s headquarters, in response to further reforms in Henan, while benefiting from the preferential policies of the Headquarters economy. The investment logic – short-term, 19-year expectations of the opening of duty-free stores in the city and expectations of policy adjustments, and Sanya exemptions
High tax growth, continued expansion of tax-exempt scenarios and internationalization over the long term, large-scale effects and product-type adjustments, interest rate hikes, profit margins, good policy (support for tax-free counter-purchases) and consumption reflux maintenance: company long-term growth logic is still in place, short-term policy openness and timing are uncertain, overall
The Māori rate is not as high as expected; the city duty-free shop is not as open as expected; and the off-island tax-exempt policy is not as open as expected.
Period; domestic liberalization of tax-free business rights; continuous depreciation of the RMB exchange rate; analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment