The release of the tax exemption from the island is expected, waiting for the market price to break through the city's shop policy (RMB): $55.90.
According to the bulletin issued by the Ministry of Finance, the General Customs Administration and the General Tax Administration on the further adjustment of the policy on duty-free shopping for passengers from Hainan Island, the cumulative annual purchase limit for passengers from the Islands, including those in the Islands, has been increased to $30,000 per person per year, with effect from 1 December 2018.
The policy is in line with market expectations, starting with the 30th anniversary conference in Hainan Province, where the market ' s advance for the tax exemption was largely adequate and the limit of $8,000 for individual items had not yet been adjusted: in the past, the number of non-island residents had been unlimited to buy $16,000 per person per year, rising to $30,000, while opening up the shopping of Hainan Island residents.
The limit on the amount of the market’s expected adjustment of the single product limits and the number of individual items in the individual category has not yet been adjusted. Intuitively, the adjustment has been able to increase the size of the tax exemption, but the increase in the per capita unit price will not be linear.
The three-quarterly review of China's travel - q3 performance was in line with the forecast of $16,000 to $30,000 to liberalize the stimulus effect of the many shopping restrictions on the Seaton Bay tax-free shop, focusing on three types of consumer behaviour, the main increase coming from three groups of consumers: from the consumer portrait.
In China, the Hong Kong Corporation assessed that 51 per cent of China's shares were exempted, and in China, the consumption potential of the inhabitants of the island opened up, while in the case of non-island residents, the demand for goods opened up within 8,000 yuan (e.g. clothing, accessories and glasses), and in the case of non-island residents, the luxury of purchasing high ends.
In practice, companies are expected to pay more than one customer's unit.
The cost of the postage tax is fixed at 2018.8.30, and the cost of the non-island residents of the island, sub-high quality categories, is reduced by 4.
5. China Travel Company Tracking Study - RMB exchange rate, the size of the revenue or the increase in the number of purchases of sub-high end items, and postage
Taxes and other costs are fixed, but the overall impact on profits is more positive with the upgrading of the low-morigin class of fine goods. Overall, the company’s share of the postage tax is relatively fixed or declining (as a result of the decline in the share of the postage tax paid for purchases of expensive goods), the number of non-island residents leaving the island and their willingness to shop.
At present, sub-high-end products are unknown at $8,000 to increase the number of purchases ... In the future, seagull bays will be restructured, sub-high-end products will be configured (less than $8,000 in duty-free goods), and consumer purchasing will be stimulated by sku additions and price positive advantages, thereby raising the overall unit price.
The Māori rate is not as high as expected; the duty-free store in the city is not as good as expected; and the construction and landing of the store in Haiguchi is progressing.
Less than expected; domestic liberalization of tax-free business rights; continued depreciation of the renminbi exchange rate; analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating was calculated as an average market investment