High premium stripping out of the National Hotel, focusing on tax-free developments, 25 December 2018, research assistant Dong Xiaojie.
The Chinese brigade intends to transfer the full share of the wholly-owned subsidiary, the General Travel Company, to the Chinese Tourist Group, which holds shareholders, with a lump sum of $1.83 billion in cash to be paid out within three months of the date of entry into force of the agreement.  The sale price is higher than expected, and the group supports tax-free business development.
The value of the assessment is 1.83 billion (valued at $1.62 billion from the revenue method), net book assets are 942 million, value added, and the National General Hotel has lost profits and lost profits for tax-free development.
In-country travel, exit and entry tourism, visas, etc., with higher levels of income. With increased competition in the travel agency industry, shrinking profit margins, declining policy advantages, and continued slowdown in the revenue growth rate of the National Hotel, the rate of assessment of income for 17 years was $12.35 billion (-1.8 per cent), weak profitability and net profitability.
Focusing on tax-free operations, with clear strategic positions, and well-funded development. Through this transaction, the United Kingdom will withdraw from travel agency operations, and further sharpen strategic positioning, which will facilitate the concentration of advantages.
Optimizing the business structure and increasing profitability. When the transaction is completed, the ratio of assets and liabilities in the United States will decrease, the Māori rate and net interest rates will increase and profitability will increase.
In the 18th quarter of the year, when the National Travel Service was eliminated, the overall net home country interest rate would be 7.9%. The trend towards tax-free integration would be highlighted, not excluding further intra-group integration.
After the acquisition of 51 per cent of the shares of China and Shanghai, China and Japan, and the 18-year exemption of 51 per cent of the shares, the tax-free in-country shops opened up the space for growth.
Trends highlight the effective consolidation and strengthening of industry leaders. The group still owns the Chinese Immigration City, 2 and the Chinese National Travel (601888): q3 Inner Shops, which does not preclude integration.
It is expected that industrial integration and politics will be in place, and that the city’s tax-free shops will open up the space for growth.
Implementation began on 1 December, with a flexible performance period; tenders for tax-free lots in Haiguchi were almost completed,3 and it is expected that the tax-free stores in Shanghai/Beijing will also be phased in and that the performance space will open.
• Profit forecasting: this related transaction has yet to be considered for approval by the China Tourist Group and Corporate Shareholders Conference
32, 25, 20 times the equivalent. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board