A 51% exemption is expected to be added to the company's tax-exempt status.
The company announcement states that the China Tourism Group Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Tourist Group”) received a notice from the controlling shareholder, the China Tourism Group Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Tourist Group”) on the acceptance of 51% of the shares of the Hainan Province tax-exempt Company Ltd., which the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province transferred 51% of the shares held by the Hainan Province tax-exempt Company Ltd. At the same time, the tourism group committed itself to transferring 51% of the shares to the tourism group as soon as this non-reimbursable transfer was completed.
In addition, the tour group transferred 2% of the company’s shareholdings to the Hainan State Treasury, and then the tour group held 53.3% of the company’s shareholdings. It is expected that 51% of the shares will be injected into the company, which will increase the company’s performance.
In order to avoid substantial peer competition between the company and the company, the tourism group undertakes to initiate the process of injecting 51% of the shares held by the company into the company immediately after the completion of this no-reimbursable transfer. If the company decides not to buy, the tourism group will dispose of 51% of the shares held by the company by selling, etc. within one year after the firm has made an effective decision not to acquire them.
In 2017, it achieved a business income of about $2.1 billion, a rapid increase of more than 30%, and a business income of about $1.2 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of more than 20% in the same year. Assuming a 20% increase in the revenue from the tax-free sales of Seagate airport in 2018, the net interest rate is 10%.
With deep integration, the company is expected to fully benefit from the liberalization dividend of the future Hainan Island policy. Prior to that, the company was exempted from replacing dfs as tax-free purchasers at Seagate Airport, with more than 80 companies transferred their shares to China China, where the company’s series of layouts showed its intention to deepen the merger.
The market, which is expected to fully enjoy the dividends of future exemption increases from the island, increases in the class of goods, and expansion of the scope of application, further assumes the important role of promoting the return of out-of-sea consumption. With the expansion of tax-free operations, the increase in the Māori rate is to be expected.
At the same time, if 51% of China’s equity is successfully injected into the company, the size of the company’s tax-exempt sales is expected to exceed $30 billion, and the country’s tax-exempt market continues to grow and tax-exempt niches are consolidated. An increase in the size of the business will increase the company’s bargaining power over upstream tax-exempt suppliers, thus increasing the Māori rate.
In 2005-2017, the size of Dufry’s revenue grew from 600 million euros to 7 billion euros, while the tax-free Māori rate rose from 56 to 73% and 17 percentage points. The company’s current expansion is fast, and the Māori rate is expected to rise gradually.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.