"The sea is closed and the future space is open again.
Incident: The company announced on 22 October that the China Tourist Group, a shareholder of the State Brigade, and the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province had signed a " no-pay transfer agreement " whereby the tourism group transferred 2.00 per cent of its shareholdings of the Chinese National Reserve to the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province: 51 per cent of the shares of the China Free Company held by the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province were allocated without pay.
To be transferred to the Tourist Group, the Tourist Group undertakes to initiate the process of injecting 51% of the company’s shareholdings into the national travels as soon as this non-reimbursable transfer is completed. Through free transfers and equity injections at the shareholders’ level, the national travels are integrated into the sea.
The China Travel Group, a shareholder of the United Kingdom, signed a non-reimbursable transfer agreement with the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province, whereby the tourism group transferred 2.00 per cent of its holdings of the United States Treasury to the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province without charge.
At the same time, the Hainan State Finance Committee transferred 51 per cent of the shares held by the China Free Company to the Tourism Group, which would then hold 51 per cent of the shares of the Ministry of Sea Free, as shareholders in the Sea Free Company, with the remaining 49 per cent remaining.
In order to avoid the creation of substantial competition among practitioners, the Tourism Group has committed itself, once this no-paying transfer is completed, to initiate the process of infusing 51% of the shares held by sea-exempt companies into the national travels, to which they will be transferred.
1 China Travel (601888): Hainan tax-free, with tax-exempt carriers doing well before the wave, Meran Airport's tax-free shop has a lot of room for efficiency gains.
Lines 2018-09-14 Sea Bay sales data calculated as a 17-year collection of tax-exempt stores (51 per cent shareholding) at Meran Airport, 2 China Travel (601888), reported.
Performance meets expectations, channels are consolidated to improve delivery, Māori rates are lower, and there may also be higher costs, with net interest rates expected to fall below 3, China Travel (601888): winning bid
10%, the net profit is estimated at around 250 million.
According to dfe, the contract with dfs for the supply of goods expired on 19 January 1919, and the purchase was to be consolidated and consolidated, assuming that the Māori rate was raised to around 55%, and that the city tax-free shop was gradually settled and opened to tax-free profits. On 9 October, there was a limited number of tax-free stores in Shanghai.
The company is officially registered, with a 51 per cent exemption from ownership of the Beijing Capital Airport Free Goods Company Ltd., 90 per cent of which is expected to be opened as soon as possible early next year in Shanghai; the duty-free stores in Hainanguchi and Jonglei are also expected to land gradually, with duty-free shops in the city being larger, more service-efficient and more time-consuming than the airport duty-free.
There's plenty to be able to have a higher conversion rate and a higher unit price, and significant profitability. Tax-free stores in the city will gradually become a big business block, opening up profit space.
The eighth and fourth promotions in the case of a retailer (statistics do not include 18 years of M&A performance in Shanghai, Japan, which, if combined, has reached 6th in the world), the consolidation of sea-based purchases and tax-free off-island benefits are expected to contribute significantly to the further expansion of the tax-exempt business volume, and the increase in the profitability of tax-exempt operations on the scale of procurement to enhance their long-term viability.
In the afternoon of July 17, 18, the State Council's National Finance Committee proposed that State capital should be increased to priority sectors, key areas and niche enterprises in line with the national strategy, and that enterprises with dominant interests should accelerate the process of professionalization, such as tax-free operations, in the second half of the year.
This integration is also evidence of the trend towards deeper reforms in China, which is expected to accelerate the pace of graduation from the island, and the introduction in April 18 18 of the Hainan Policy, which explicitly provides for “a more open and accessible policy of duty-free off-island shopping, full passenger coverage, and an increase in duty-free shopping limits.”
Profit forecast: The transfer has not yet been approved by the competent authority, is not included in the profit projection, and according to the sale of Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. on the occasion of the Fourth of July, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, the Securities Investment Advisory Board is in place