The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies, which focuses on duty-free business to create a domestic tax-free leader, plans to transfer its fully-owned subsidiary, China International Travel Agency, to a limited number of employers by means of a private agreement.
100% of the Department's shares are transferred to the China Tourism Group at a cost of RMB 183,08457,000. Transfer of travel agency operations to resolve competition issues among peers, focusing on tax-exempt owners, and enhancing corporate overall profitability: the company's business includes tax-exempt and travel agency operations in which tax-exempt revenue and profit contribution ratio
The case is larger (the tax-exempt income and profit share of the company is about 56 per cent/98.5 per cent). The company transfers 100 per cent of the national hotel service to the controlling shareholder, China Travel Group.
After doing business, the profitability of companies will increase (8.9 per cent of the total profit rate in 2017, with 15.6 per cent net interest rate on tax-exempt industries), optimizing the business and financial structure and improving corporate tax-exempt business development.
Transferred at a high price of $1.83 billion to the controlling shareholder, China Travel Group, and added to the assets of the National Hotel.
16.677.12 million yuan, resulting in a net profit of $23.256 million in the first three quarters of 2018, in accordance with the 17-year 2012 " China Travel Stock Exchange - 51 per cent equity waiver " Net profit performance acquisition of 114 x higher than the market average valuation level.
To add value to the long-term equity investments, fixed assets and intangible assets of the National Travel Service at a value of 888 million yuan, it is expected that the divestiture will be settled in 19 years and the return on investment will contribute to the performance of the company for 19 years.
In the long run, the tax-exempt scene and internationalization continue to expand, the scale effect and the product class are being adjusted.
5. " China Travel Company Assessment - 42.5% Deduction Rate " , Interest Rate Uplifts the Profit Space, Policy Good (Enhanced Tax Free Fight Against Substitutes) and Consumer Refluxing Support: The Company ' s Detachment from Travel Agency Business is able to focus on tax-exempt owners, improve the profitability of the Company as a whole, and improve the profitability of the Company as a whole.
There is still room for marginal improvement for 19 years, with a breakthrough in the city’s tax-free shop policy and the opening of domestic stores expected to land. Overall, the company’s performance profile is stable, and it is expected to be 18e-20e throughout the year, without taking into account investment gains from the sea’s impact and isolation from travel agency operations.
The Māori rate is not as high as expected: the city's tax-free shop is not as fast as expected: construction and landing in Haiguchi.
Less than expected; domestic liberalization of tax-free business rights; continued depreciation of the renminbi exchange rate; analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating was calculated as an average market investment