On December 21st, 2018, the U.S. government announced a major increase in the price of the monthly passenger unit, which was eased from duty on the island.
According to the General Customs Administration's certified micro-signal “Customs Release”, the fifth adjustment to the exemption policy was formally implemented on 1 December 2018 and, as of 15 December, the Customs Customs Department had regulated the sale of duty-free off-island goods for a total of 489 million yuan, an increase of 22.25 per cent over the same period. The effect of the policy liberalization on duty-free sales on off-islands is more evident.
On 28 November 2018, the Ministry of Finance and the Customs Administration issued a bulletin on the introduction of a more liberal policy on duty-free shopping for passengers leaving the island. The bulletin states that, in order to implement a more accessible policy on duty-free shopping for passengers leaving the island, the construction of an international tourism consumption centre in Hainan has been promoted, and some of the elements of the policy on duty-free shopping for passengers leaving the island have been adjusted.
(1) Increase the cumulative tax-free shopping limit from $16,000 to $30,000 per person per year per passenger leaving the island, including residents of the island, without limitation: (2) increase in the number of items of household medical equipment, and add visual training devices, hearing aids, orthopaedic fixtures, and domestic respiratory support equipment (non-life support) to the list of off-island goods, with a limit of two items per person per year; (3) implementation of this adjustment effective 1 December 2018.
According to customs statistics, between 1 December and 15 December, the Customs Department of China supervised the sale of 62.01 million duty-free items off the island, with a total value of $489 million, the purchase of 125,000 passengers, an increase of 15.03 per cent, 22.25 per cent and 9.65 per cent, respectively, and the per capita purchase of 3908.4 dollars, an increase of 11.33 per cent. 5992 duty-free items, a rapid increase of 27.6 per cent, were sold by two duty-free enterprises in Hainan Province.
The fifth liberalization of the island’s tax-exempt policy has had a significant impact on the sale of high-value goods of over $8,000 and has led to a marked increase in the price of passenger shares, which will increase the coverage of the off-island tax-exempt policy, and the additional duty-free shops will continue to boost the off-island tax-exempt operation. On the afternoon of 28 November 2018, the Director of the Treasury of the South Province, Wang Huiping, announced at a press conference that passengers by boat would benefit from a duty-free shopping policy in Hainan Island, which would exempt them from the off-island market.
At the same time, the press release confirmed that Hainan would open an intra-city duty-free shop at the mouth of the sea and Bojing, and that the pre-work was almost complete. In the case of the sea, there would be no net transfer to China’s tourist group, and no subsequent incidents in China’s travel fleet, and none of them would be tax-free.
With a clear path, the two new intra-city duty-free shops are more likely to operate from China, which is expected to further enhance the performance of China’s tax-exit operations. With deep integration, companies are expected to fully enjoy the benefits of the liberalization of the future Hainan off-island policy.
Tax purchasers, with more than 80 companies under the banner transferred their shares to China China, where the company’s series of layouts showed the intention of deepening the convergence. If the company is successfully injected into the company as a company that consolidates Hainan’s tax-exempt resources, further opens the off-island duty-free city, it is expected to fully enjoy the dividends of future exemption increases, product increases, and extension of the scope of application of exemptions from the island, further acting as a catalyst abroad.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.