The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies (CEFIR) The ex-island tax-free scene is fully covered and the number of ex-island passengers contributing tax-free incremental contributions is increased The Ministry of Finance: to include passengers departing from the island by ship within the scope of the duty-free shopping policy for passengers departing from Hainan.
The exemption is extended to take a boat out of the island to cover all passengers leaving the island: the Ministry of Finance has eased the duty-free use of passenger groups from aircraft and trains off the island to ships (including self-driving) off the island, while enjoying a 30 000 exemption per person per year from the island. In 2017, China received 67,451.0 million visitors per year.
/+12%, of which 27,382,300/+15.2% of passengers leaving the island are mainly based on aircraft, 96,706,000/+11.4% of passengers leaving San Phoenix Airport are arriving at the airport. The number of passengers leaving the island is relatively low, with the train leaving the island duty-free from January 2017.
The relatively high base of passengers leaving the island by sea is expected to increase by one third the number of duty-free purchases from China National Travel Corporation (HUNI) to China.
20.10.20.20.20. "The China National Travel Company Review - Ex-Island Tax Exemptions " . The departure of ships from the island constitutes an additional tax exemption from the island. After the release of the ex-Hinan Ex-Island tax exemption scheme in 19, it is expected to show good performance: 1.73 million duty-free shopping in the first half of 2018. +22.6 per cent of duty-free shopping in Hainan Island.
The performance of the Third Quarterly Report of the Chinese National Brigade - q3 is consistent with the pre-tax consumption of $5.25 billion, with a unit price of $3564 per person, mainly based on airline passengers leaving the island, with a penetration rate of 10 per cent, and is expected to contribute about $1.5 billion in duty-free sales from the island.
The 19-year Hainan Ex-Island tax-free market could benefit from the liberalization of the size of the tax-exempt population.
5. " China ' s travels " , " China ' s tax-exempt business performance is strong, and the new airport contributes more " , 2018.8.30 High tax growth, long-term tax-exempt scenario and continued expansion of internationalization, scale effects and product-type adjustments
Interest rate hikes lead to profit margins, good policy benefits (support for duty-free counter-purchases) and consumption returns: companies are able to take away their travel agency operations and focus on tax-free owners, improve the profitability of the company as a whole, and optimize its business structure. Tax-free policies from the island range from liberalization to widening the buying population, and tax-free Sanya Sea Bay.
There is still room for marginal improvement for 19 years, with a breakthrough in the city’s tax-free shop policy and the opening of domestic stores expected to land.
Without taking into account the investment gains generated by the operation of the travel agency, the performance of 18e-20e was not as high as expected; the tax-free store in the city was not as high as expected; and the construction and landing of the store in Haiguchi was on track.
Less than expected; domestic liberalization of tax-free business rights; continued depreciation of the renminbi exchange rate; analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating was calculated as an average market investment