In late November, the Ministry of Finance issued an advisory circular on tax-exempting the off-island tax limit.
On 10 December, the company transferred 2% of its shares to the State Treasury and the Consumptive Shareholder Tourist Group in Hainan Province. 51% of the China Free Shareholdings held by the State Finance Committee in Hainan Province were approved by the State Council on 17 December.
The All-China Sun Company Seagate Investment Company successfully won four tax-free plots in Haiguchi City at a total cost of about $1.2 billion (the remaining two plots were extended until December 27, 2018).
The effect of the restrictions on the number of internal purchases has begun to appear, and we believe that further liberalization of off-island purchases is expected to raise the price per person in the shop (4644 yuan per person in 2017). Because of the exemption from the island, there are no airport deductions, the net interest rate is higher than that of the airport (the net profit rate in Sea Bay 2018h1 is 19 per cent).
With a population of 10.8 per cent in the same year, and a 30.3 per cent increase in the cumulative number of vendors in the Seamount Zone, it is expected that companies will benefit in depth from the Hainan Island tax-free policy in the future, with a higher degree of certainty in terms of performance growth.
Increased integration of duty-free markets in Hainan Island: according to previous announcements, controlling shareholders were exempt from 51 per cent of the shareholdings in the sea, merchandise trade, tourism services
Once the transfer of state-owned shares is approved, the follow-up process is expected to move steadily and the duty-free off-island market will be further consolidated.
Seagate duty-free shops will be expanded: Hainan Province capital, with no loss of visitors, high tourist heat, with 24,276 million visitors in 2017, an increase of 11.05 per cent compared to the current 10,000 square metres (of which approximately 21,000 square metres are hotel land), taking into account previous announcements and news funding
For example, it is expected that the total of six plots of land will be auctioned at a cost of about $1.5 billion, with a total area of about 320,000 square metres, which is larger than the area of the Bay (the total area of construction is about 120,000 square metres).
It is expected to be completed around 2021-2022, which will result in a further improvement of the sea port duty-free service, which will be 33 times the size of the company and 26 times the size of the company. We look forward to the company’s long-term development prospects and maintain the buyout.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: