The liberalization of the off-island tax-exempt limit is expected to be granted within the city as soon as possible, and on November 29, 2018, the research assistant, Dong Xiaojie.
▪ The Ministry of Finance, the General Customs Administration and the General Tax Administration jointly issued a bulletin on further adjustments to the policy of duty-free shopping for passengers from the Hainan Islands, raising the cumulative tax-free shopping limit to 3 per person per year for passengers from the Islands (including residents of the Islands).
The policy has been implemented since 1 December 2018 with the addition of some items of household medical equipment and the addition of visual training, hearing aids, orthopaedic fixtures, and domestic respiratory support equipment (non-life support) to the list of off-island duty-free goods.
• To host the first centralized construction ceremony of the Hainan Free Trade Pilot Zone project, with a total investment of $11 billion in the Central and Middle Brigades tax-free city to open.
The provincial quota for purchases was raised from a cumulative $16,000 to $30,000, and the islanders were raised from $0.08 million to $30,000, and the restrictions on the number of purchases made by the islanders were lifted; the list of exemptions was expanded by adding separate items of medical equipment for domestic use and expanding the tax-free category.
The increase in the quota is expected to lead to an increase in the unit price, with postage taxes to be opened up.
The tax exemption was raised to the same amount as 30,000, China Travel (601888): Sea exempt.
It is expected that the increase in the unit price will be promoted; and that the tax-free quota will be raised and the purchase-rate restrictions lifted, or that the islanders will be encouraged to take full advantage of the limit, use their own consumption and local integration gradually fall into the ground, and space will be renewed in the future.
Purchases lead to an increase in duty-free sales.3 Hainan, China Travel (601888), currently stands at $4645 per unit for tax-exempt customers from Sanya Island, which is still much higher than the limit.
Space, mainly as a result of 1) purchase of 2 items per year, 1 item per person per year, due to postage tax start-up points ($8,000) and unit price limits (units of tax-free air force, goods valued at RMB 8,000 or more before the wave by the tax-free carrier)
They are both low, limiting the sale of items such as packages with a high unit price; and (2) the number of items (12 pieces of make-up, 8 pieces of perfume) affects the sale of low-unit products. Given the unsynchronized increase of $8,000 from the postage tax, the limit is set to liberalize the sale of high-unit items.
Good things are not significant, and quantitative restrictions have not been adjusted, adding to the effects of a slowdown in economic growth, and it is expected that the increase in unit prices will be lower than in 16 years. The opening of a duty-free store in Haiguchi, with the possibility that it will be fully beneficial if it is integrated.
An investment of $11 billion in the Central and Central Brigades tax-free city will be officially announced and will soon be established in the Shuying district of Haiguchi City, with 675 acres of land in the area of the original Chinese ex-City exhibit, the suburb of the new tidal zone, which is close to the port of the new port of Harbour and the south port of the Luang Sea railway, and close to the port of embarkation and self-driving.
Tourists on the island, not excluding the possibility of free shopping in the future, are currently expected to complete the construction day in Hainan Province. The 17-year resident population is 2.721 million. The 18-year-to-October overnight tourist population is 12.9 million, or 11.5 per cent; compared to the 17-year-old resident population of Sanya, 760,000, or overnight trips in January-October.
16.28 million visitors, or 10.8 per cent more, depending on the size of the resident population and passenger fluids. In Haiguchi city, China and China are exempt from the two licence plates currently exempt from taxes on Hainan Island. On October 22, the Chinese State Brigade announced its intention to transfer 2 per cent of the shares held in China's national travels to the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province, Hainan Province.
The NCC intends to transfer 51% of the sea exemption share to the Middle and Middle Brigades, which will benefit more fully from the expansion of the off-island tax exemption. There is still room for policy advantage, which is expected to open up the growth space.
Program for the implementation of the comprehensive reform and liberalization of fiscal policy in Hainan, with reference to the further improvement of the off-island duty-free shopping policy and the exit tax-refund policy, the extension of the off-island duty-free shopping policy to boat travel, full passenger coverage, the study of additional duty-free shops and an increase in the annual duty-free shopping quota, among which 1)
The tax-exempt quota policy is now in place, and the quantitative easing and raising of the post tax limits are expected to move forward gradually; (2) the tax-free city of the Central Seagate has been opened and the tax-free shop in the City of Jonglei is actively planned; and (3) the pre-shipment of the tax-free shopping policy for passengers by boat has been completed and will be officially published pending the adoption of field tests.
The off-island tax benefits, which were not yet settled, are expected to be phased in at a later stage, and the duty-free shop in Shanghai/Beijing is ready to land, opening up room for performance growth.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board