On October 15th, 2018, China's government announced that it was working with Obo to build a large city-wide tax-free shop in Macao.
The company’s fully-owned network of exempt companies announced that a binding memorandum of cooperation would be signed with Macao Gambling Company Limited (hereinafter “Obo”), which would open a small-scale Chinese flagship tax-free shop in the “Upper Luking” resort in Macao. The location of the “Upper Pyong” is a privileged location, free of the tax-free market in Macau’s first city.
The construction is under way. The construction of Upper Plutonium is a new integrated resort project in Macao Road, which will provide three hotel brands and exhibition, shopping, catering and recreational facilities.
In the second half of the year, the shopping centre will be opened. It will be located on the first and second floors of the complex, with a total area of 53,000 square metres. The tax-free shop to be opened at the “Upper and Upper Phing” will be an important business owner at the shopping centre in Pagogi, and will occupy a first floor of approximately 7,500 square metres of land, which will be the first intra-city branch in Macau.
The MSAR duty-free shop represents a new step in the expansion of China-Free Group operations abroad. The Hong Kong-Australia market is an important tourist retail destination in the Asia-Pacific region, of which Macao, as an important part of the Hong Kong-Australian Gulf region, has a total of 32.61 million arrivals in 2017, of which the proportion of passengers in the Great China-China region is as high as 90.3 per cent. In recent years, the China-China exemption group has been gradually completing its work through the Hong Kong-China airport, the Macao airport and the opening of the Macao-Macao-City Free-Care Shop.
Tax-free shops in the city are more profitable, and duty-free shops in the city are restricted if they ease the growth of corporate performance. This arrangement shows the importance that companies attach to duty-free shops in the city, mainly because of the fact that duty-free shops in the city have sufficient time, flexibility, and location facilities for consumers.
In contrast, the country has three types of duty-free shops: the traditional out-of-country duty-free shop model, for foreign travellers leaving the country; the off-island duty-free market model, for domestic and international passengers leaving the island; and the intra-city duty-free shop model, for foreign nationals.
Chinese tourists return home. At present, the China Rabbit Group, under China’s flag, has a license plate for the exit duty-free stores in five of our cities, the first of which is the right to operate in Beijing, Shanghai, Dalian, Qingjiang, and Xiamen.
For China’s travelers, who have already won tax-free operating rights at Beijing’s capital airport and Shanghai airport, duty-free shops in the city have less obstacles to setting up the two main airports, and if the sales of duty-free stores in the city are relaxed, it will be good for companies to improve their performance. With the expansion of tax-free operations, the increase in the Māori rate is to be expected.
The scale of corporate tax-free sales is expected to grow rapidly, reaching $30 billion by the end of 2018. The scale of operations will increase the company ' s bargaining power over upstream duty-free suppliers, thus increasing the Māori rate. The increase in the Māori ratio of companies is judged on the basis of a reference to the world ' s tax-free giant, dufry. During 2005-2017, the size of the collections increased from 600 million euros to 7 billion euros, free of charge.
The Māori rate in the tax business rose from 56% to 73%, an increase of 17 percentage points. And the company's current growth rate is increasing rapidly, with the Māori rate rising by a depth of 300 indexes against which the rating system's “market index” refers.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.