On December 18, the Donkey Mother's Tourism Network released the Travel Forecast Report 2018, which shows that the total number of trips during Christmas and New Year's Day was the same as last year.
At the end of the year, it was a mild season, but with the gradual introduction of thematic products such as “save away from the cold,” “ice and snow”, “hot springs,” and “groom island” and so forth, the tourist market has been characterized by a “drinking season.” Suburban winter and northern ice and snow travel are the main options for double-trailing, with Japan becoming the most popular tourist.
Cities like Xiamen are the most popular southern tourist cities because of their beauty and warmth.
According to monitoring data from the Travel Network, the search for the keywords “steaming”, “skiing” and “steering” has increased by 200% over the previous month, while the amount of advice and reservations for ice and snow tourism products has continued to rise. As the winter Olympics in Beijing in 2022 approached, the heat of ice and snow tourism continued to warm, the ice and ice leisure movement is escalating into a stereo, comprehensive travel experience, and the volume of ice and snow tourism in the North, such as the long white mountains, Harbin, and snow and snow fields, is growing rapidly.
In terms of outbound tourism, according to the New Year's Tourism Forecast, published by the Tour Bull Tourism Network, Japan ranked among the top ten industries during the bi-Dadan period, with a pre-policy front and the top destination country. Japan, with its unique volcanic hot springs, has attracted a large number of Chinese tourists, and its high number of visitors to Japan has become the most popular.
Market hot spots, industry depths, and a 61% increase over the same period last year in the signing of the New Year’s New Year’s Day trip to destination destinations seeking welcome exits. There is also an important reference value for investors with absolute returns from the Global Visa Service Centre.
The incumbent, Mr. Wong, said that the travel visa simplification policy, which will be officially implemented on January 4th, could contribute to a sustained increase in the number of trips out of the country by the end of the year. From this year’s top-notch industry-covering company’s selection of our tourist products and destinations, our tourist travels have become more personal, starting with the first “look out.”
The period is one to two shares. A weekly update, followed by an evaluation if the offer of shares does not and the offer of “unlike others” in the tourism experience gradually evolves to “better self” in the travel experience, from “Toures 1.0” to “Tourists 2.0” and provides a justification for the offer of shares.
The process of the “Tourist 3.0” shift reflects the increased sense of self-fashion and the corresponding delay in the ability of our tourists to meet their needs.
U.S.: 57.3 per cent occupancy rate in the U.S. area hotel in the second week of December 2018, an increase of 1.3 percentage points over the same period; average daily house price is US$119.1
The world: in October 2018, the region with the highest global occupancy rate was Europe, with 77.4 per cent, and the Middle East and Africa, with 64.7 per cent; the region with the highest global average housing prices was Europe, with $144.0 and the Asia-Pacific region, with $111.7;
In August 2018, tax-free sales from our island amounted to $740 million, an increase of 28.0 per cent. Free consumption from the island amounted to 223,000 people, an increase of 17 per cent. As of November 2018, our duty-free imports amounted to $14.42 billion, an increase of 23.2 per cent.
As of October 2018, the country ' s air traffic had reached 560 million passengers, an increase of 11.2 per cent over the same period.
The tax-exempt business is growing rapidly, the Maori rate is rising, the Maori rate is rising. The tax-exempt business is driving the company's Māori rate is rising and performance is growing rapidly. The company's profits are growing at a lower rate in the first quarter of the third quarter than in the second quarter of the year, mainly due to one-time expenses such as rent payments from the tax-free shop in the third quarter of the Sea Bay, while tax-exempt operations in other regions remain well under way.
According to the company, the tax-free operations at Lagdell and Bai Yun Airport in Guangzhou in Hong Kong had lost their profits in September, of which the tax-free operations at Bai Yun Airport in Guangzhou had generated about $540 million in the first three quarters.
Next, 10.8 per cent over the same period; tourism gross revenue of 35.4 billion yuan over the same period increased by 13.9 per cent; cumulative shopping numbers increased by 30.3 per cent over the same period from January to September; and the Tria market performance was strong. In January to September this year, Sanya received 57.7 million tourist arrivals, an increase of 13.3 per cent over the same period.
According to the company, Shanghai started in March 2018 and is expected to grow faster than we had anticipated in September, and the Chinese brigade was driven by its expansion and high industrial growth. Tax-free operations will continue to grow at a high rate, while the company’s travel agency will increase at a steady rate, 48 times. As a result of higher corporate profits in Shanghai, San Asia receives high-speed, high-growth companies that are tax-free from the island.
Risks, coalition shop risks, exchange rate risks, industry growth below expectations, and force majeure factors.
High growth in tax-exempt operations, one-time expenditure affecting profit growth. Toysche, Master of International Trade and Commercial Law, University of McCorrey, officially joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2014 for research in the consumer and energy-chemical industries. Fan Chang-hwan, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Exeter, officially joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2017 for research in the consumer sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.