The expansion of alternative consumer services and the consolidation of tax-free maps of the sea free of land was further expanded: an announcement issued by the Chinese brigade on 22 October: 1, which was held by the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province
Fifty-one per cent of the shares of Hainan Province Tax Free Goods Ltd. are transferred free of charge to the China Tourism Group, which will enter into an equity hosting agreement with the company immediately after the completion of this non-reimbursable transfer, placing 51 per cent of the shares of the Division in the custody of the company before being injected or disposed of.
Its holdings of 39,049,510 shares (2.00% of the total stock of the company) are transferred to the State Treasury of Hainan Province without charge. The above transfers are pending approval by the State Council.
Founded in 2011, in Hainan Province, a tax-free trade concession for off-island goods, the main source of revenue is the Seashore Melanes Airport (51% of shares and 49% of shares in sea navigation), one of the two operators of the Hainan Ex-Island tax-exempt business. The Air America Airport is over-opening.
30000 square metres, including 12546 square metres in Sectors East, Centre and West, and 1,9 52/1,952 square metres in the airport tourist complex. Sales amounted to 2,140 million square metres throughout the year 2017.
Nearly 20%. The previous supplier at Merland Airport's duty-free shop was dfs, the supply contract was due to expire in January 2019, and the two sides have now begun to integrate the supply channels in depth, with the exception of the sea.
The procurement team, all new supply contracts and payments, will be signed by the Central Group. In the future, with the further increase in the size of the procurement waiver, the rate of Māori for duty-free operations is expected to increase.
Free-of-charge holdings are completed in a free-of-charge manner, temporarily released from custody upon completion of the transfer, while the introduction of listed companies has been initiated, avoiding cumbersome procedures for merger and repurchase at the company level, and the efficient incorporation of sea exemptions into the system.
It is well established that in the future, with the liberalization of tax-exempt policies on the island, companies will take away the full range of tax-exit policies, and the industry will soon be able to do so. On October 11, the Ministry of Finance has just published the Program to Support the Implementation of China’s Comprehensive and Deep Reforms to Open the Fiscal Policy.
It is proposed that the duty-free shopping policy and the exit tax-refund policy will be further refined to extend the duty-free shopping policy from the island to ship passengers, achieve full passenger coverage from the island, study additional duty-free shops and raise the annual tax-free shopping limit.
According to the guidelines, duty-free off-island policies could be eased to avoid being a Hainan tax-free venturer. Investment proposals: Companies have recently been subject to tax-exempt policies, three-quarterly performance expectations, exchange rates, etc., which have significantly adjusted their share prices.
The synergies between this increase and the increase in the size of the tax exemption are highlighted. As the duty-free off-island policy is further relaxed, the location of the tax-exempt policy within the city and the growth of the company abroad are moving forward, companies enter.”
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.