On October 31, the Chinese National Brigade issued its third quarterly report for 2018, which achieved a gross operating income of 341.01 during the reporting period.
The increase in income per share of the profits is mainly due to the contribution of tax-exempt operations. The high rate of revenue growth is due mainly to the acquisition of revenue from Shanghai, the consolidation of tax-exempt operations from the island, and tax-exempt operations from the capital airport and Hong Kong airport.
The combined Māori rate for companies during the reporting period was 41.38 per cent, an increase of 12.97 pct over the same period, mainly benefiting from an increase in the share of competitive Shanghai supply channels and tax-exempt operations. For the first three quarters, the combined Māori rate decreased by 39.47 per cent per Māori, respectively, partly due to exchange rate effects, following an analysis of the main effects of exchange rate changes in the mid-point evaluation.
The cost of goods and the Māori rate, the impact of the devaluation of the renminbi in the second quarter, based on the company’s delivery cycle, on the tax-free Māori rate, is expected to continue in the fourth quarter of the year. The cost of sales increased by 247.11% in the first three quarters, crushing the net profit space.
The cost of the acquisition is not sustainable, and the latter will be spread as operations begin and revenue increases, and sales costs as a proportion of revenue will reduce the impact of the exchange rate on operating cash flows. The United States dollar will exchange against the renminbi in the first three quarters of the year.
The changes were -0.22/0.34/0.23 respectively, and the next two quarters were under greater pressure to depreciate the renminbi. In terms of corporate cash flows, three billion won, the company’s cash flow was strong, and the exchange rate had a small impact on the cash flow.
In the future, the 51% will be injected into listed companies. The China-China exemption is expected to unify the Hainan tax-exempt license, lead the Hainan Island tax-exempt business, accelerate the company’s tax-exempt operations and its performance, increase its share of the domestic tax-exempt market, and steadily promote Hong Kong and Macao.
The “Recommended” rating is maintained in the Exempted Industry Insight Report - Global Tourism Retail eps 1.80/2.42, pe 28/21, respectively. Business Analysis and Apocalypse by Big Business Dufry
The international political and security situation has affected the flow of foreign tourism; 2) currency exchange rate changes; 3) tax-free passenger flow growth in Hainan Island, maintaining high growth and the tax-free sector dividend.
In the six months following the report’s release, the company/industry growth and decline relative to the upward index/subsidiarity index for the same period was benchmarked.
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending the securities in the report. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may provide or seek to raise them.
For investment banking or other services.