q3 meets expectations, corporate tax-free growth is significant under monopolistic patterns, corporate performance is positive, and the slowdown in growth is mainly due to Hong Kong and Macau airports in the first quarter of the year.
In the first three quarters, the growth in corporate income and profits was 64.39 per cent and 41.7 per cent, respectively, of which the increase in net non-mortality profits in the third quarter was 29.34 per cent, and the q3 increase was slower by the quarter as a result of the Hong Kong Airport continuing since November 17 and the schedule.
Losses, but losses, and the impact of the Sanya store’s advance payments and the additional three-storey rents. From the fragmentation of the projects, the Bay maintains a high level of income, which increased by about 33% in the previous three quarters, and l.
In Shanghai, Japan achieved about 174 million yuan a single quarter, in line with the market and the data for the first half of the year, with a higher rate of income growth: three quarters of the capital airport operated in Beijing and Japan performed fairly well.
Hong Kong Airport has a narrow deficit (about $4.5 billion) and a significant contribution from the new airport, with the company's overall Māori ratio rising considerably, the tax-exempt ratio being the main cause, and internal and incremental tax-exempt profits.
The growth in corporate performance continued: in the first three quarters, the Māori rate was 41.4 per cent/+13pc, from a single season 4. A certain decline in the CHUNG tracking study - RMB exchange rate was due mainly to the tax-free operating rights of the multiple airports that won the bid, and to the higher of the acquisition days.
The value of the company ' s tax-exempt income is relatively high, while q3 is a tourist season, and the three-quarter Māori rate is 20127165. The performance of China ' s Annual and Quarterly Bulletins is lower than in the other quarters.
It is determined that Shanghai airport will be tax-exempt and will be expected to increase by $500-60 million over the year, that Beijing Capital airport will be expected to perform at the supermarket, and that duty-free operations at Hong Kong and Macao airport will be at a loss due to start-up costs and high rates of deductions, and that they will be able to contribute to the company ' s performance once they become fully operational.
Investment logic — short-term view of 19 years of city-wide tax-free shop opening and policy adjustment expectations, high tax-free growth, long-term view of tax-exempt scenarios and continued expansion in internationalization, scale effects and product-type adjustments, interest rate hikes, profit margins, policy benefits (support for tax-free counter-purchases) and consumption returns
Hold: The long-term growth logic of the company is still in place, short-term policy openness and timing are uncertain, the whole building is in a state of disarray.
The increase in the Māori rate was not as high as expected: duty-free shops in the city were not as high as expected; tax-free off-island policies were not as open as expected; the domestic liberalization of tax-free business rights was taking place; and the renminbi exchange rate continued to depreciate.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment