q3 net return to the mother and 29.34 per cent increase was slightly lower than expected: the company published its third quarterly report in 2018, which generated revenue of 3,4101 million yuan in the first three quarters, and the same amount of interest.
Lulitien grew by 64.39 per cent; the net profit from the return to the mother was 2,705 million yuan, or 41.79 per cent over the same period; the net profit from the deduction of the non-q3 to the mother increased by 29.34 per cent, which was significantly slower than the income-side increase.
130.17 million yuan, representing an increase of 59.19 per cent in the same year; net return on the return of 786 million yuan, resulting in a decrease of 26.1 million yuan in the return on investment on the same year as the increase in the company ' s q3 unjustified financial operations; (2) impairment losses on the company ' s q3 assets by $34.82 million; and (3) significant financial costs for the company ' s q3
Overall, the net return on the company during the first three quarters grew by 41.79%, slightly less than the roe (ttm) equity waiver of 51% is expected to inject into the company, which will boost the company’s performance.
Fifty-one per cent of the shares held by rabbit companies were transferred free of charge to the tourism group, which undertook to initiate the process of infusing 51 per cent of the shares held free of charge to the company as soon as the minimum value ($) was completed in December.
Sea Free now runs the Seagate Airport tax-free shop, holding 51% of the Seaport tax-exempt stake. In 2017, Seagate Airport earned about $2.1 billion, an increase of more than 30% in the same year; in the first half of 2018, it generated about $1.2 billion, an increase of more than 20% in the same year.
The sales revenue grew by 20 per cent in 2018 and the net interest rate was 10 per cent, and by 2018 the company will be able to consolidate further the Hainan tax-free resources and open up the off-island duty-free market with the prospect of full access to future exemption increases, product increases and extension.
The size of the tax-free business has expanded, and the Māori rate has increased to a much higher level than expected. As Hong Kong, the first capital airport, and Shanghai’s tax-free business have been listed, the current sea is free of 51% of the stake.
The size of the company’s tax-exempt sales is expected to exceed $30 billion, and the share of the domestic tax-exempt market continues to increase, with tax-exempt leader status further consolidated. The increase in the size of the business will lead to an increase in the company’s bargaining power vis-à-vis upstream tax-exempt suppliers, thereby increasing the Māori rate.
Qualitative recommended ratings are maintained. Company q3 performances are increasing at a lower rate than expected, with downward projections of profits for the year as a whole, and the system of ratings for securities investments in East Timor: The “market index” of this rating system is based on a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.