The exemption limit for off-island shopping has been raised to $30,000 in the case of the Treasury Department, the Customs Department, and the Tax Administration Department, together with the relevant authorities, to the Hainan Ex-Island Brigade.
Part of the policy has been adjusted to include the following: I. Increase the cumulative tax-free purchase limit per person per year to $30,000. II. Increase in the number of items of household medical equipment for exemption from the island.
In addition to the list of tax goods, the purchase of visual training devices, hearing aids, orthopaedic fixtures, household respiratory support equipment (non-life support) was limited to two items per person, and the tax exemption limit was significantly increased to increase the category of high-value items.
Hainan, after five adjustments, has been at a constant pace of easing. The current exemption policy for the island has been in effect since January 2016, with an annual limit of $16,000 for each citizen over the age of 16 and $8,000 for individual goods, with the overall limit of high end bags and watches.
The volume of purchases of commodities is limited, and purchases with perfumed goods often take place at 1,952,952 shekels. This adjustment is nearly doubled, with the largest number of adjustments ever made, with an effective increase.
High-end luxury purchases are limited to meet the needs of tourists for multiple types of purchases, and sales of high-end luxury 74.19/39.08 are expected to increase significantly, thereby raising the overall unit price of duty-free shopping.
The group of goods has increased the number of items of household medical equipment, the unit price of such imported goods is higher, and the demand for the purchase of goods has become more rigid and is expected to become a new profit growth point.
The construction of the Hainan International Tourism Island and future policies are expected to expand further.
There are offshore duty-free shops in China and Sanya, and there are only airports in China, which are covered by the Chinese National Brigade (601888), the Pacific Social Clothes and Trains.
We are looking forward to further liberalization, more duty-free shops and drop-out points in the city, full coverage of the island, longer-than-expected day list and Sanya tax-exempt gold.
Tourists are expected to increase duty-free ports off the island and raise the single exemption limit. The country’s brigade is expected to integrate the sea free, and the island off the coast of Hainan is fully exempt.
On November 15th, the Free Shop in Haiguchi (601888), which was declared free of charge by the Triads Group, assessed that it would enter the concession phase with a greater probability that it would be used to build a tax-free shop in the city.
The largest winner of tax-free bidding further expands the channels and sales of duty-free off-island operations to absolute -- 2017/07/03 -- duty-free off-island operations
Investment Recommendations: The tax-exempt operations of the United Kingdom are benefiting from scarce license plates and policy support, and are now expanding on a scale, raising the Māori rate over a long period of time, and this adjustment to the tax-exempt policy is expected to further increase the attractiveness of duty-free shopping and raise the unit price.
It is hoped that the tax-exempt policies in the city will be relaxed further, and that the company will grow in value.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report