The case is that China, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China, is to be transferred by a private agreement.
A 100 per cent share in the International Travel Agency General Ltd. was transferred to the China Tourism Group at a transfer price of RMB 183,08457,000, which is relatively unprofitable and valued by the assets base laws of the publicly listed companies.
Founded in 1954, it covers travel abroad, internal trips, inbound trips, visas abroad, ticket agents, etc.. In 2017, it earned $12.25 billion in operating income. This was 3 per cent lower in the same year; net profits of $2.39 million, which was 66 per cent lower in the same year. In January-September 2018, it collected $9.48 billion.
At the end of September 2018, the U.S.I.A. had a total asset of $3.874 billion and a net asset of $1.17 billion. With the low rate of Maori and low profitability in the travel agency industry, this equity transfer is valued using the asset base method, with an equity account value of $94,237.7 million, in this case:
The company’s financial data have improved significantly since the removal of the tourism business. The traditional tourism business of the National Hotel has been affected in recent years by competition in online tourism markets, weak profitability, and tax-free shopping off the island by the Chinese Travel (601888).
The company withdraws from the agency’s business and has a clearer strategic orientation, which is conducive to concentration.
China Brigade (601888), " Integration of the sea free of land, development of the resource advantages of tax-free operations, promotion of optimal restructuring of its own business structure, and continuous promotion of the tax-exempt scheme " .
The Māori rate, the net interest rate, the asset liability rate of listed companies have increased since the transfer of the National Hotel.
Quick Report on the performance of China's travel: Increased performance: 51 per cent of China's shareholdings and 51 per cent of Japan's shareholdings in Shanghai, 51 per cent of China's shareholdings will also be credited to the balance sheet and the Sanya tax-exempt conglomerate.
The company’s market share in the tax-free sector has been rising, and the industry’s leader has been given an effective boost - 2018/01/29.
As the size of corporate tax exemption increases, there are still investment proposals for increasing the Māori rate: tax-free operations in the U.S. are benefiting from scarce license plates and policy support, and are now expanding in size, raising Māori rates in the long term, leaving the U.S.R.A. to market companies.
The tax-exempt policy is expected to be further relaxed, the tax-exempt policy in the city is expected to land, and the company's growth value is high.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.