On November 28, the Ministry of Finance, the Department of Customs and the Department of Revenue, in conjunction with the relevant authorities, exempted passengers from Hainan Island.
Part of the tax shopping policy has been adjusted. The main adjustments are: (i) to increase the cumulative tax-free shopping limit per person per year for departing passengers (including residents of the island) to $30,000 per person. (ii) To add some items of household medical equipment, and to add visual training devices, hearing aids, etc. to the list of off-island duty-free goods.
Orthopaedic fixtures, domestic respiratory support equipment (non-life support) are limited to two items per person per year The current policy is to introduce a cumulative tax-free shopping limit of $16,000 per year for non-Hainan residents at the beginning of 2016, with no limit on the number of purchases; Hainan residents are limited to one purchase limit of $8,000 per year.
The new policy increases the tax-free limit to $30,000 per person per year, almost doubles it in line with market expectations. Compared with the previous policy, which treated travellers from and outside the province differently from the purchase limits, this time included residents of the province among passengers from the island as a department whose current policy adjustment exceeded previous market expectations.
A single limit of $8,000 and a unit price of over $8,000 per purchase, which exceeds the total tax exemption, pays a part of the import tax on imported goods. If the subsequent policy is to liberalize the single amount, it is expected to produce a stronger product for such fine goods as boxes, jewellery, etc.
As a result of several previous changes to the quota policy, tax-free shops have been able to increase their unit prices and sales, benefiting from this policy adjustment, which is expected to raise the value of duty-free sales off the island again, and the number of shopping persons is expected to increase significantly.
High, and given the restrictions on the number of purchases that have been liberalized for residents of the province, the increase in the unit price is not significant or even possible. The company previously announced that the controlling shareholder, China Travel Group, had transferred 2% of the shares of China's tourism industry to China without charge, and the China State Finance Committee had transferred 51% of the shares of China without charge to China Travel Group without charge.
The company will unite the Hainan tax-exempt license plate, leading the tax-exempt business of Hainan Island, the size of the company’s tax-exempt business and its performance will increase further. The company’s tax-exempt business has accelerated, its share in the domestic tax-exempt market continues to rise, and the island’s tax-exempt business will continue to grow.
There is still room for policy renewal. And the company is steadily moving forward in Hong Kong, Macao, etc., and is pushing for international expansion.
"Insight report of the tax-free industry - analysis and revelation of the global retail tourism giant dufry."
1) The international political and security situation has affected the flow of travel from and to the country; 2) exchange rate changes in the renminbi; 3) tax-free passenger flow from Hainan Island has not increased as expected; and 4) the new airport shop has not been sold as expected. Point. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Within six months of the report ' s release, the firm/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous index/subsidiary increase and decline over the same period. No change will occur. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending the securities in the report.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek investment banking or other services for these companies.