In 1986 the company was founded in Deep Farmer Electronics for more than 30 years, with a focus on smart coaches, smart driving.
In January, the company released the Restrictive Stock Incentives 2021 (draft), which, in terms of business income, broke through the electronic boundaries of cars, jumped out of the industry’s limitations, and built brand values to create the inner core of intellectual behavior. Smart Nets accelerated penetration to produce “software-defined cars” and technological innovation to drive industrial change.
In 2021, the number of smart-net cars sold reached 2.78 million and the proportion of cars sold in total by car amounted to 12.74 per cent, of which 18.68 per cent in December.
The size of the electronics and software market for autopilots will increase to $469 billion in 2030, compared to 7% in 2020-2030, and changes in the structure of electronics and appliances will drive steady growth in automobiles and software.
The demand is expected to drive deep change in the industrial chain and a re-engineering of value distribution. The forward-looking strategic layout of smart networks, and technological innovation to strengthen core competitiveness of products, forward-looking product layouts: companies continue to focus on three products: smart pods, smart drivers, and web-based services.
In a period of rapid industrial change, forward-looking strategic layouts have won the company a leading position, including full automatic parking, large-screened cabin products, ipu03 autopilot domain controls.
The rapid commercialization of label products such as instruments. 2) Technology is on the cutting edge: 2018-2020, R & D, Catalytic Industrial Change, Policy-driven Industry High Panorama 2021.12.11 Expenditure as a share of operating income is over 10%, R & D architecture is constantly deepening, platforming is being built,
Efficient and agile R & D systems; companies continue to expand their partnerships, work together, and win the future.
In the context of major changes in the automobile industry, there is considerable scope for companies to grow. Prospective companies 2021-Ting Macroeconomic environment and industry risks: human resource risks: technological R & D risks: increased competition in the market.
1. Corporate profile: Automobile E-Royals, full-blown intelligent driving 1.1 Historical evolution: Focus on the auto-electronics industry, new strategy gradually emerging
The company’s predecessor goes back to Westgate Wiedio, the international giant, and in 2010, the Desai Group officially announced its successful acquisition of all shares of the outside party, the creation of a deesay group and the transmission of the Siemensvdo technology product, the Tesai Group Holding Company: Hyestate City.
In recent years, the company, based on its indigenous advantages, has been active in the global market, building on advanced management concepts, systems processes, and manufacturing techniques, and gradually becoming a leading supplier in the electronics sector of cars. In 2019, the company planned to build a cluster of products, focusing its operations on smart cockpits, smart driving, and network services.
Three major areas. In November 2021, the company released a brand-new idea, Beyondmobility, breaking the electronic boundaries of the original car, moving out of the industry, taking on new strategic planning, and creating brand values based on creative intellectual practices.
Figure 1: Corporate development: 35 years of professional competence in the development of design, quality management and intelligent manufacturing to ensure that companies are able to meet the diverse needs of automobile manufacturers and provide excellent products and services to their clients.
The company's strategy of “local internationalization” has been implemented on a continuous basis by domestic and international automobile manufacturers, such as Tee Motors, Majuda Group, Volvo Cars, Volvo Group, Volkswagen Group, Gilli Cars, Walle Cars, Guang Gas Group, Chirre Cars, Ameri Automobiles, Ideal Motors, and others: China, Chengdu, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Shenzhen.
Taiwan and Singapore, Europe, Japan, and the United States have R & D branches and branches.
The company has achieved full coverage in key areas such as smart cabins, smart driving, network services.
The Division is actively developing the market, with new project orders covering new products such as a fully automated parking system, a 360-degree high clairvoyant system, 24g mm wave radar, t-box, v2x products, smart cockpit, tft LCD meters and traditional operations such as Carborne Information Recreation System, DIVIS, and rapid increases in the production of new products and purchase orders.
1.2 Financial analysis: There has been a marked increase in profitability and an increase in the future of research and development, and in the general context of the decline in China and in the global car market, corporate performance has grown against the market and new business has accelerated. In 2020, companies achieved operating income of $6,799 million, an increase of 27.39 per cent in comparison, and net profit returns of $518 million to mothers.
According to the performance forecast for 2021, the company is expected to be a shareholder of listed companies in 2021. 1) In 2021, the shortage of chips and raw materials and the rise in prices posed enormous challenges for industry and companies.
(ii) Adherence to developments in the area of intelligence: continuous investment in key areas of intelligence, steady improvement in the performance of the three major business lines of corporate smart cabins, smart driving and web-based services, successive location and volume of new projects, new products and business income
Adhering to lean management: companies simultaneously strengthen their streamlined management of manufacturing, quality, operations, etc., and continue to promote cost optimization and improved R & D effectiveness. High competition for traditional products has led to continued price declines, a small decline in Mäori rates, new products and new business developments in recent years.
In terms of product type, the vehicle-borne information and entertainment system accounts for more than 70% of the revenue, and intelligent driving is expected to grow. The company’s traditional main industry is based on the provision of vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, which in 2020 amounted to $4,595 million, representing 67.58% of total income, an increase of 13.96%.
During the first half of the year, as a result of technological changes and the continuous convergence of various class of cabin products, companies consolidated their traditional business into “smart” product categories, generating revenues of 3,338 million yuan, or 81.75 per cent.In the area of R & D, companies have continued to increase their R & D investment and to upgrade the capacity of R & D personnel:
817 million yuan has been invested in platform-based, foundation-based and project-specific and client-specific research and development. The share of corporate capitalized R & D investment in R & D in 2020 was 19.32 per cent, an increase of 14.46 percentage points compared to 2019. According to the company ' s annual report, it is mainly in collaboration with Yveida.
The capitalization of auto-driving platforms has been confirmed. The industrial intelligence penetration that domestic firms are now facing is at an accelerated stage, with the goal of moving from technologically backward to catch-up in the area of auto-electronics, plus major R & D investment being a historical trend and a necessary path to a determined upgrading of the firm’s core competitiveness.
▪ Research and development personnel: Automobile electronics are characterized by high-tech and complex technology. Product research and development and technological innovation are important building blocks for the continuous, rapid and stable development of companies. Companies ensure the absorption, retention and development of talent through a variety of approaches: creating divisions in the pool of talent to attract local talent; improving incentives to strengthen local talent.
Attraction and retention of skilled personnel: Keeping core technical talent as a basis, developing and developing institutions through the development of core skilled personnel and developing a stable technological ladder structure. Companies continue to improve the quality of their research and development staff, accounting for 40.69% of the total workforce.
In 2020, net non-parent profits increased by 117.50% in the same year and are now growing for the first time since the strategic transition in 2017. In 2020, companies achieved net non-parent profits of $462 million, with net interest rates rebounding to 7.62%.
1.3 Equity structure: Core team experience, equity incentives for escort growth Company equity structure, state-owned background + employee shareholding interest binding members. According to company announcements, reforms to deepen state business, the Desai Group completes a continuous separation, and the City Council holds 100% ownership of the State's innovative investments.
Since it was listed, the company has placed great emphasis on talent attraction and development, with a deep bonding of employee interests through a stake-holding platform, with staff holding up to 14.57% of the shares.
The core team, represented by its chairman, Mr. Chen Chunxing, has extensive industry experience. Mr. Chen Chunxing, of Singapore nationality.
Manager, Executive Vice-President of Siemens Wiedeo, China Region; from December 2007 to August 2008, General Coordinator of the Asian Region of the Continental Central Electronic Factory, Germany: October 2008 to June 2015, Director-General and Chairman of the Board of Directors, Desai Siwi, Huezhou City, Desai.
In August 2021, the company published the Restricted Stock Incentives Plan (draft) 2021, which targets no more than 948 persons, including the company ' s executives, performance skills and professional cadres, excluding company directors (including independent directors), supervisors and senior managers.
This incentive, which has just undergone a strategic transformation, will further motivate the workforce. The selection of business income as an indicator of equity incentives highlights the firm’s firm’s full confidence in business ability and market share competition.
On the cost side, the total amortization of this restricted stock, calculated on the basis of the collection price as at 31 August 2021, is $22.55 million, which will be recognized in instalments in the implementation of the equity incentive scheme. We believe that, while the amortization of the incentive costs will have some impact on the company’s net profits over the next few years, it will facilitate the full mobilization of middle-level managers.
2. Industry analysis: smart network penetration is accelerating, industry is gaining ground for a major catch-up 2.1 smart network, with a breakdown of the track.
2.1.1 Auto-pilot upgrades, with wide space for domain controllers, the American Society of Auto-Engineers (SAE) standard is widely used in the industry to rate auto-pilot levels by grading.
Important update, naming the lo-l2 level system as the Driver Support System, and the l3-l5 level as the “Automated Driving System”. At the same time, the distinction between the sael level 3 and sael level 4 is further clarified.
(a) " Energy efficiency and new energy vehicle technology road map 2.0 " , which, in order to establish a China programme smart-networked car development strategy, states that in 2025 smart-net cars accounted for more than 50 per cent of annual vehicle sales, ha (l4) smart-networked cars began to enter the market, with a 50 per cent deployment rate for new vehicles in c-v2x terminals;
In 2030, smart-net cars accounted for 70 per cent of annual car sales, Ha(l4) smart-capacity cars accounted for more than 20 per cent, and new end-loading of c-v2x was almost universal.
Smart network cars speed up penetration, and high-level autopilots start a new growth. With uncertainties about the haze of the missing cores and the incidence of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, sales in the country have fluctuated slightly, but the share of smart network cars in the world as a whole is still on the rise.
Sales reached 2.71.8 million vehicles, or 12.74 per cent, with a penetration rate of 18.68 per cent in December 2021. The domestic market for automated driving services has been growing rapidly, with a steady increase in the assembly rate of new vehicles (l1-l2). According to ICS, the market for adas domain controllers is still in the early stages of operation.
The traditional decentralized hardware and software architecture is no longer adequate to meet the needs of intelligent driving systems. The volume applications of domain controllers are still in the initial stages, with the development of autopilots facing very high technological thresholds, including product performance, functional security, information security, etc.
The size of the global adas domain controller market was only $400 million in 2019, and the total market size is expected to reach $1.98 billion in 2025, while cagr reached 91.6 per cent in 2019-2025.
The model is based on a standardized domain controller product, which rapidly deploys the application. The essence of the domain controller development process is to predetermine the synergizing of multiple modules and mechanisms, including chip internal device fit, network and communication interface fit, group fit between ap and cp, etc.
A software platform that provides a standardized interface to the application layer to ensure that applications are not subject to hardware engineering delays as they evolve over time. The fit-out and optimization of hardware and software, and the efficiency of technology and functionality upgrades, have become competitive. Figure 16: Area controller software and hardware architecture
2.1.2 The dawn of the age of smartness, the interactive re-engineering of the speech module, according to icvtank, the global market for the smart cabin industry reached $36.4 billion in 2019, an increase of 10.3 per cent over the same period.
The size of the field will continue to grow at a rapid pace, with the global smart cabin market expected to be $46.1 billion by 2022, and capr by 8% by 2018-2022. China, as the market with the greatest potential for global motor industry development, reached 44.11 billion yuan in 2019.
The rapid deployment of the module will keep the market size of China’s smart cabin industry growing at a high rate, with market patterns expected to reach $103 billion by 2025 and 13% by 2017-2025, which is significantly higher than the global growth rate. According to icvtank, the global market for controlled screens in cars was $26.1 billion in 2019, accounting for global wisdom.
The size of the cabin market is 71.7 per cent, and the global market for vehicle controls is expected to reach $32 billion by 2022. The domestic market for smart car voice was $1.48 billion in 2019, with a new vehicle penetration rate of 53 per cent by the end of 2019. The penetration rate for voice control is expected to increase gradually in the future, with voice control projected for 2020.
New vehicle penetration will reach 60 per cent, and voice control will gradually become the standard for smart coaches. Figure 19: Size of the global control market in the automobile market and its projections, in recent years, the proportion of new vehicles with voice recognition functions has been increasing, and the Institute of Advanced Smart Motors monitors data
According to the ihs report, voice interaction as a core component of multi-model interactions will grow in the future as a combination of smart networks.
Personalization, naturalization, customization have become the direction of the future of voice interaction. Figure 21: Voice interaction is the future trend of human machine interaction. 2.1.3 Smart network penetration accelerates, and the demand for front-loading markets is enormous.
According to the iimediaresearch data, the size of China’s car network market has risen steadily, and although it declined slightly in 2020, it is expected to grow to $369.7 billion in 2021. The size of the t-box market has continued to grow as smart network car penetration accelerates.
The model is about 26 billion yuan and is expected to reach 70.5 billion yuan by 2025. According to the data from the icvtank, the penetration rate of the domestic car factory preload t-box is about 25 per cent, and in 2019 there were 7 million units of the domestic vehicle t-box preload, which is expected to be in China by 2023.
According to data from the Institute of Advanced Skilled Motors, the traditional giant lig continues to be at the top of the list and the top five suppliers together account for 50% of the market share, while the total number of pre-packaged suppliers for the year is more than 40, showing a high level of competition in the t-box market.
By 2025, the Institute expects to have more than 90% of the country’s new vehicle connections. This will release huge demand for t-box preloads. Meanwhile, some suppliers have already taken advantage of the market ahead of the upgrades from 4 g to 5g.
As car intelligence increases, so does the assigned amount for the entire electronic control unit (ecu). The increase in the number of bicycles ecu means that the entire factory will have to meet multiple suppliers during the production process, facing problems of information security, transmission efficiency, reliability. The distribution structure is therefore limited by the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of information interactions, and in the future.
Auto-electronic structures are expected to evolve towards centralization. The essence of centralized auto-electronic structures is the process of integrating multiple traditional ecu functions into single-area controllers, controlling large areas of vehicle functions through domain controllers, increasing the efficiency of information interactions between components, reducing manufacturing costs, and supporting the intelligent network connectivity of cars with hardware.
"Soft-defined automobiles" have become an important development in the automobile industry. As car smart networks become more connected, the value of software has increased considerably in the overall car content structure. McKinsey predicts that the global car-to-car architecture will have 30% software-driven in 2030.
The U.K. expects the size of China ' s automobile software market to reach 3.44 trillion yuan by 2030 and 6.40% capr by 2020-2030. Changes in auto electronics and electrical structures have kept car electronics and software growing robustly.
Autopilot-related electronics and software markets will grow to $469 billion in 2030, and cagr will reach 7% in 2020-2030. At this rate, automobile software and electronics markets are expected to outpace the growth of the entire automobile market. During the same period, McKinsey projected that the automobile market will be 3% faster.
As a result, software and electronics have become the focus of attention for most automobile companies, with integrated validation and certification services, intermediate software, sensors growing at a sharper rate of 10%, 9%, and 8%, respectively, over the next decade. While the electronic control module (ecu) and the domain control module (dcu) will increasingly be used for autopilot applications, they will be effective.
The price decline resulting from the higher rates will offset the growth of the segmented market, which will continue to account for the largest share of the market, including ecu and dcu, but with a relatively low growth of about 5 per cent. Under the “software-defined car” trend, chips, operating systems, algorithms, data together comprise autopilots.
On the one hand, auto-drive soc chips focus not only on improving arithmetic, but also on increasing the power ratio. On the other hand, high-end auto-pilots move forward to advanced stages, and the high-tech lynchronide mounted by Weymoca uses an advanced version of 5 nm.
The level of intelligence in autopilots depends on the strength of algorithms, and the former auto industry has used peak computing as the main measure of the ai chip. A technological breakthrough in autopilots will reshape the car industry chain: from the pyramid to the central radiation type.
The traditional car industry chain is a pyramid type, and the whole factory is at the top of the industry chain, from 0.5-tier supplier, tier1, tier2 to tier3 are at the lower level of the entire factory. The advantages of the traditional division of labour are two: the cost of research and development can be spread over basic hardware and software suppliers; and, on the other hand, the supply in the middle of the chain.
The company has a closer relationship with the entire garage, providing personalized professional development services. The new industry chain is now “centre radiation” and the entire factory is still at the centre of the chain, with all parts surrounded by rings.
In the future, when the links in the automobile industry are no longer isolated, the position of the oem enterprise will change dramatically, and the new industry chain will require firms to establish strong linkages around the entire factory, and there will be greater interaction, cooperation, and exchange and product development between firms.
A competitive advantage: keeping up with deep industrial change, forward-looking innovation leads to the future, product innovation is directed towards the future, and strong leadership leads to the movement of wisdom. Companies focus on the three main clusters of smart pods, smart drivers and network services, providing people-centred, connected, connected and connected services.
The overall intelligent and efficient travel programme, with smart cars at its centre, is involved in the construction of the City of Smart Transport and Smart City of the Future, the Great Ecoosphere.
3.1.1 The smart cabin industry leads, the support company continues to grow, and in the case of smart cabin products, as domestic industry leaders, the company ' s smart cabin products combine car-borne information and entertainment systems, driving information display systems, terminal displays, vehicle body information and control systems, and build people-centred systems.
Brain smart travel space, providing smart care and efficient and safe solutions based on automated driving class. 1) Adapted product categories to industrial changes, smart cabin product market share leads: various class of cabin products are being integrated as a result of technological change, the original product classification no longer applies to new product patterns, and companies were able to adapt to industrial change in half of 2021
The original product categories of Carborne Information Recreation System, Body Information and Control System and Driving Information Display System were combined in the report as "Intelligent Classes" product categories.
According to data on high-tech smart cars, the share of companies in the pre-loading of China ' s new car information and entertainment system in January-December 2020 was 16.29 per cent, ranking first. Figure 33: Pre-loading suppliers of the new car information and entertainment system (with screens) in the Chinese market, 2020
Figure 32: 2021h1 Reconfigured income statistics product category 2) The demand of the car market has warmed and the client structure has been further consolidated: in 2020, the company ' s multiscreen smart cabin product was already in use in a wide range of cars, the Great Wall, the Chang An, the Chiré, the ideal car, the sky car, etc.
In the first half of 2021, the smart seat area controller, the big-screened cabin product,
Toyota, Wally, Gilly, Bus, Chiré, Biadei, and other mainstream cars were ordered for new items in their cabin products, such as digital instrumentation. Smart cabin controllers: In 2020, the company produced a new generation of smart seats based on the hypervisor architecture.
, using qnxhypervisor and qnxneutrino  real-time operating systems (rtos) to carry up-to-date company navigational capabilities that can provide passengers with safer and comfortable driving tests. In 2020, the company smart cabin controller was awarded the "Fifteenth Suzuki Award 2020 - Quantum Car Union"
"Governor's Cup" Industrial Design Gold Award, re-entitled by the company with the design of the 2025 smart cabin experience. 3.1.2 Smart driving volume, with a fast landing of new products.
Since the establishment of the Smart Driving Auxiliary Unit in 2016, new products developed autonomously have landed rapidly, and the main products currently in the field of smart driving include a fully automated parking system, a 360-degree high-lighted system, auto-driving controls, and so on.
Automated parking system: this product technology is based on traditional panorama and radar capabilities, using integration algorithms to integrate visual images and radar range detection barriers, is at industry leadership levels and continues to gain national leadership.
The next generation of fully automated parking and passenger parking products is set for a platform project. With regard to Apa Level I suppliers, Bo, Faleo, Tte, which accounts for 90% of the market share of domestically owned and jointly owned branded vehicles.
In the first quarter of 2020, according to data from high-tech smart cars, the share of the country's producer, Desai Siwi, in the market was 2% for the first time. 2) 360 degrees of high-scope clairvoyant: the company's panoramic view system (avm) had already been matched in several models earlier.
Production, now supplied in bulk to a large number of mainstream domestic vehicles, and sales are rising rapidly. According to data from high-tech smart cars, the risk to domestic new cars (joint ventures + autonomous brands) was 3084.1 million vehicles in 2020, an increase of 19.55 per cent compared to 2019; the preloading rate was 16.17 per cent, an increase in the same rate.
Figure 36: Market share and ratio of suppliers at level 1 q1apa 2020: Market share of China ' s new vehicle 360 Panorama (tier1) 2020 Autopilot domain controller:
ipu03: October 2020, company autopilot domain controller ipu03 was awarded the 2020 gold medal "Invent New Technologies Award" to be used as a domain controller to achieve class-I2+ intelligent driving for the entire vehicle, to support autopilot functions in the high and low speed scenario, and to achieve up-to-down and autonomous changes in the high-speed scenario through different sensor configurations
The city roads are automatically blocked with cars, automatic parking at low speed, apa and avp for guest parking, using the same controller to match different sensor configurations to achieve intelligent driving aids or conditional autopilots for various scenarios. Currently, ipu03 autopilot controls are already in the vehicle type of pelican cars.
Ipu04: once again, the company has joined forces with the ideal car to develop the integration of super-calculable auto-driving systems based on orin, and the company will focus on advancing its fast-scaled mass production to provide the ideal car with a smart driving field.
The controller ipu04. will take the lead on the full-size augmentation program smart that was introduced in the ideal car in 2022, enabling the perfect car to achieve full functional coverage from auxiliary to autopilot. On September 28, 2021, the first item was a line with the most recent high-calculus ai chip orinx from the British Weida, and thousands of sophisticated electronic components.
At the same time, the enrichment of functions has been accompanied by cross-cutting advances in numeracy, performance, port, maturity. Figure 40: Corporate ipu04 software architecture The core advantages of intelligent driving:
As early as 2014, the company entered the "Auto-Driving Race" to replicate the properties of its hardware genes, to see the needs of its clients, to open up cooperation, to continuously upgrade its professional capabilities, to accelerate the process of industrialization through specialization and sharing, to provide products and services for an increasing number of clients, and to promote the ecosystem as a whole.
Open and healthy development. At present, there are six partners of British Weida's Tier 1 company in autopilot: Bo, Ceefu, Desseswig, Fareo, Continent and Quanta Computer.
The only national supplier has a long-standing and in-depth partnership with Yvette, and has signed a three-way strategic cooperation agreement with Yvette and Rhodes to develop and design ipu03 and ipu04 domain controls. On the basis of the high-calculation support of the latest Orinx chip in Yvette, ipu04 has up to 254 tops.
More than seven times higher than ipu03, i.e. 254 trillion calculations per second, providing a higher outreach to the upcoming smart driving system.
The commercial landing of network products by a supplier of Tier1 quantacompter 3.1.3 is a huge market space for the future
Car-networking, as an important part of future intelligent transportation, intelligent cities, has broad market prospects and is an important part of a company’s long-term development strategy. Based on its technological accumulation and industry resources, companies are investing continuously in new technology research and development by building a professional research and development team, and now own ownership of cloud-side online upgrading, big data analysis and applications.
A core technology, with continued access to new project orders, is being commercialized progressively. Blue whales 4.0: Blue whales are developing a blue whale 4.0-carrying 8155 chips, a core multiscreen, front-row applications that can be shared with each other, first atomic component launcher, dynamic wallpaper, etc. that can be switched with account numbers.
Same scene application. Support double-opening and three-size free transitions in 27-inch screens. The first map-based social drift bottle application, custom-defined voice images, rich ecological capabilities, and new driving habits for users.
Terminals, back-office business management systems. Autonomously developed OTA differential algorithms (patented), multi-agreements, multi-accounts, non-sense upgrades, security certifications, etc., core key technologies that can be upgraded to single, multi-ecu, full-car and even ecosystem-level ota, providing a mature, stable and reliable ota system for the garage.
3) Information security: The company has constructed several layers of security programs, such as pki systems, data encryption, intrusion detection Idps, terminal security, penetration testing, from clouds, tubes, three access routes to provide full information security to users.
Large-scale security management, leading the industry in obtaining a third-level certification of the Ministry of Public Security ' s level of protection, and products such as ids&idps can help the vehicle factory meet the country ' s relevant information security laws and regulations. Figure 42: Overview of the development of the company ' s vehicle networking unit
3.2.2.1 Focus on autonomous technology research and development and promote long-term corporate development
The company has acquired Singapore ' s m1 autopilot license and adopted the aspicecl2 (Asynchronous Software Process Improvement and Capacity Assessment for the Automotive Industry).
International certification (model level 2), where software development capabilities in the area of automobiles are internationally advanced. Core technology: the company now possesses technology for the design of a vehicle-borne electronic operating system, single-chip multisystem processing technology, vehicle display screen optical technology, driver information application algorithms, vehicle-borne Ethernet development technology, visual and radar sense
Knowledge of core technologies such as technology, motor planning algorithms, vehicle movement control algorithms, big data analysis and application technology, network security technology, cloud-end online upgrade technology, etc. Standard-building: participation in nearly 30 national and industry standards, including participation in the first Automobile Multimedia International
Standards, National Standards for Automatic Parking Requirements and Test Methods for Smart Networked Vehicles, National Standards for the Security of Information Technology Electronic Automobile Systems Network Security, Industry Standards for Liquid Crystals for Automobiles, etc., innovation leads the future: in June 2021, companies formally adopted the Code for the Management of Business Intellectual Property Rights
(gb/t29490-2013) Certification, with certification of an enterprise's intellectual property management system, issued by China-Know (Beijing) Certification Limited. 3.2.2 Active embrace of partners and full and in-depth cooperation
Open sharing and teamwork are the development ideas that companies have always believed in, and in the context of rapid changes in the automobile industry chain, there is a greater need for multi-stakeholder collaboration to build new partnerships and win-win developments. Since 2017, companies have worked in depth with Tsong, 100 degrees, 4-twixt, Yin Weidah, Huaiyo, Horizon, Fuo, ibm, maxieye, etc.
In December 2021, Macsieye, a core smart-driving technology service provider, announced a strategic partnership between the two parties to work together on high-value, high-level auto-driving research and development, and to build capacity in the development and operation of a full-scale, level-I1-l4 automated driver.
Deployment of commercial vehicle autopilot core technology and exploration of smart heavy-card operating service models based on applications such as backbone logistics to accelerate the commercialization of autopilots.
In recent years, the company has pursued the “China Manufacturing 2025” strategy, and has continued to promote the exploration of smart manufacturing practices, gradually realizing the current goal of 4.0 in digital manufacturing and industry. In September 2018, the National Ministry of Industry and Communications published a list of pilot projects for smart manufacturing in 2018.
So, the project also received a national pilot demonstration project on the application of artificial intelligence. The Smartnet Industrial Park and the European Centre for Research and Development (ERD) are located at the same time and are better equipped to host companies in smart cabins, smart drivers, and web-connected services.
The library, the national pilot centre and the first home-grown smart driving test site in the country, from product development, process design planning, process simulation validation, efficient discharges and automatic feed-up to product manufacturing processes, to digitalization of the whole, industrial processes to internationally advanced levels, and the injection of new heart agents into company development.
According to the network of company officials, the maximum capacity of the digital smart plant in Henan Industrial Park is expected to increase by 62.5 per cent to 26 million units, with a maximum output of 10 billion yuan, while the number of jobs required will be even lower by 300 people on an original basis, and per capita output will be worth a significant increase.
European Centre for Research and Development: In order to promote business integration and rapid development, three legal entity companies have been merged into one company, Desecii Motors Electronics Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “European Corporation”), the German company Advanced antenna technology (attb) and Antebb.
The Department's Weimar Legfield base has built an integrated technology park with a prototype vehicle research and development centre, with state-of-the-art technology in-the-art technology based strictly on the highest standards of the automobile industry, focusing on vehicle use and large-scale commercial research, and providing customized research and development and intensive testing services to leading international car manufacturers.
The development of core competitiveness around reliable, high-performance antennas, intelligent driving aids and information and entertainment systems provides strong support for companies to enhance the service capacity of their global clients.
Figure 45: The Decasive European Company Weimar Base 4. Profit Forecasting and Investment Proposal. The company is one of the leading mobile technology companies in the world and is committed to becoming a leader in change in the future.
The Division continues to invest in and focus on electronic and integrated products and technologies to provide global customers with safe, comfortable, efficient and intelligent mobility solutions. For more than three decades, companies have built on their expertise in the development of design, quality management and intelligent manufacturing to ensure that they can meet the diverse needs of automobile manufacturers.
Clients provide excellent products and services, and companies have adjusted their product categories in their semi-annual 2021 reports, but because of a lack of open annual financial data on new product categories, we still make profit projections according to the product categories in our 2020 annual report.
The main product categories include car-borne information and entertainment systems, body information and control systems, driving information display systems, and others, and we predict the company’s future earnings and Māori rates according to these four dimensions.
Body Information and Control System: According to the Annual Report 2019, due to the complexity of the product, the name of the category “air conditioning controller” was changed to “body information and control system”. In 2020, the product represented the company's operating income.
The country’s first home-grown enterprises, which are involved in the development and production of all-LCD instruments, have a long-term and stable technological accumulation of instrumentation and mechanistic display systems, and have acquired a number of project orders for traditional and new energy vehicles. Among the companies listed in the country, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
From the point of view of the Pe valuation, the value of the company is slightly higher than the average of the comparable company. It benefits from the industry’s high profile, depending on the company’s core competitive advantage.
In the future, companies will continue to invest in, and focus on, electronic and integrated products and technologies, focusing on three main areas: smart cabins, smart driving, and network services, with client-centred, brand “smart” evolution.
On the thirty-fifth anniversary of the creation of the Division, the company introduced a brand-new idea of “inventive intellectuals” as an expression of the company’s consistent vision of innovation to lead the future by insisting on innovative technologies, smart products, and excellence, helping customers, and promoting high-quality development in the Chinese automobile electronics industry.
1. The macroeconomic environment and industry risks: the marketing of corporate products will be influenced by the overall macroeconomic performance, changes in the automobile industry, changes in automobile production and sales.
Although the automobile industry has recovered from last year’s overall recovery as a result of effective control of the domestic epidemic, the impact on the automobile industry of the rise in the price of chips and raw materials remains prominent, and factors such as transparency of upstream and downstream information, focused supply partnerships, limited access to supply can have an impact on the company’s production operations.
2. Human resource risk: Automobile electronics are characterized by high technology content and technological complexity, and product R & D and technological innovation are important building blocks for the company ' s sustained, rapid and stable development. In the course of the company ' s future development, risks such as rising human resource costs and loss of core skilled personnel may affect the company ' s future development.
Technology R & D risks: The automobile industry is moving towards intelligent networking and sharing, car electronics will become increasingly complex and diverse, and companies will need to maintain their R & D and innovation capabilities in order to keep pace with the pace and technology content of new automobile manufacturers.
Objective conditions constrain the company’s future development if it fails to sustain technological innovation in the future and completes research and development and production of new products in a timely manner.
Car-networking, energy-saving emission reductions, etc., have emerged as a new trend in the development of the industry, competition across the entire chain, and the frequency of technological innovation has increased. The failure of firms to keep abreast of developments in the industry and the market could hamper their development strategies and weaken core competitiveness.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.