Senior player in the age of Intelligent Autobots - Dexahewy is one of the leading car electronics companies in the world. Focus smart pods, smart drivers and network services.
There are three main areas. A stable partnership with a large number of mainstream car companies, a stable core management team, and a sustained strategy of “local internationalization” with strong equity incentives.
Cao Xuant, the promotion of universal and high-level autopilots, the company's main profit indicators are out of the low, fully integrated, intelligent cabins: full product coverage of car-borne information and entertainment systems, vehicle-borne display systems, air conditioning controllers, etc.
Lew Peak is the first Tier1 in the country with the ability to measure the size of its airspace controllers.
Smart driver: Automated field controller ipu03, based on the British Weldaxavier chip, and autopilot control ipu04, based on the British Weldaorin chip, and the ideal car
Cars are working together, with a clear initial advantage, and are among the most beneficial indicators for raising the share of the country's British microchip. The ipu02 of the Texas instrument titda4 allows for the intellectualization of l2+cars and parking intelligence. The 77ghz mm wave radar is now in production, 360-degree loop system is in second place in the industry, leading the production suppliers.
Web services: The first 5gt-box technology was produced on 2021 Bekl8avenir. Blue whales 4.0 was first applied to co-invented z03 vehicles.
In the broader context of cross-domain integration, watch Desaiway become the provider of the overall solution of “smart cabin + smart driving + car networking.” The combined comparative corporate valuation, given the firm’s strong edge in the domestic area of car intelligence, pre-empts advantage.
Ideal Motors (li.o): Clients perform ahead of schedule Smart car penetration below expectations, corporate customers sell below expectations, high-level autopilots fall behind expectations 2021-12-3
In anticipation of changes in the pattern of competition in the industry, shortage of chips, and less than expected control of the epidemic.
Desaiway is one of the world’s leading car electronics companies, committed to becoming a leader in future changes. The integration of the three main areas of the Focus smart pod, intelligent driving, and network services provides a holistic, people-centred, interconnected, intelligent and efficient travel programme, centred on smart cars, and involved in building future intelligent traffic and intelligent cities.
Smart cabins: The company ' s smart cabin products combine systems such as car-borne information and entertainment systems, driving information display systems, display terminals, body information and control systems, building people-centred intelligent travel spaces, providing intelligent care based on automated driving classes, and efficient and safe solutions.
Smart driving: from low-speed parking to high-speed automatic driving. From low-level intelligent driving aids to complete autopilot, from free feet to free eyes, to provide intelligent, safe and efficient solutions that eventually free people from driving.
Network services: provision of secure, temperature-sensitive IUPU automobile products and value-added services, building systems of interconnectivity, efficiency, synergy, and highly customized services.
Smart pods, smart cabin controllers, smart-driving domain controllers.
Full-car phase ota, car-borne information and entertainment system, passenger parking.
Blue whale OS 4.0 terminal software, driving information display system, all automatic parking.
Car-borne air-conditioning controller, cabin warden t-box
Body Information and Control System 24g, 77g mm wave radar Driver Conduct Control and Identification System
In the 35 years since its inception, Desai Sewy has developed expertise in the areas of design, quality management and intelligent manufacturing to ensure that companies are able to meet the diverse needs of automobile manufacturers and provide excellent products and services to their clients.
The company’s leading company, the Smart Cartier 1, currently comprises, among others, the Euro-American Car Factory, the Japanese Car Factory, and the Nationally Autonomous Branded Car Factory, and has a stable partnership with many mainstream car companies. The Euro-American Car Factory comprises, among other things, the Volkswagen Public, the Upper Mass, the Popular Group, the Jianghua Popular, the Scania, Man, and others.
Volvos, Volkswagen General Motors, Long Anfort, Dafdaf trucks, etc. The Japanese-based clients include, among others, Hiro-Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota (Indonesia), Rexsas, Maedeta, Chang-Ammadha, Ma-Ameda, East Wind, etc.
Domesticly owned branded cars include, inter alia, Jili cars, Wall cars, wide-bore cars, Chang An cars, onboard cars, red flags, Chiri cars, Biadis, ideal cars, pelicans, apes, apes, etc. 1.3 Implement the “local internationalization” strategy
The strategy of “local internationalization” continues to be pursued in Desaixive, with high priority given to autonomous research and development and innovation capabilities, with each branch and branch located in Nanjing, Chengdu, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Taiwan and Singapore, Europe, Japan and the United States, with Huezhou as its centre.
Technical cooperation in an open and inclusive manner, with long-standing close cooperation with British Weida, Ngipur, Risa, Texas instruments, British Flying Ling, etc.; cooperation in the field of smart driving with Momenta, New York, ficha, etc.; and with the Nanyang University of New Capo, Nakayama University, South China University of Technology, Guilin University of Electronic Technology, Gilling University and Lake
Dexeciway has been focusing on auto-electronics, adapting company strategies to the changes of the times, working with Philip, Manesman, Siemens in the foreign equity phase, making it possible to run a business, research and development system in Dexiway.
The core competitiveness of power, product production systems, etc., begins at a high point and begins with the international top producers, which provides a solid foundation for the follow-up development of Germany: post-national capital injections, and more closely following the trend of the times, opening a new chapter.
• The three-way joint venture between Philips, Kansan and Hyeju Industrial Development Corporation (the predecessor of the Desai Group) to create a manufacturer specializing in car sound systems - Central European Electronics Industries Ltd. — pioneered the creation of a product development department for the domestic market, occupying the domestic front and back-loading of car sound pre- and back-loading markets.
• The acquisition of shares in Hong Kong's Golden Mountain by Mannes Manwedio, Germany; the acquisition of shares in Mannes Manwedio and Desai Group by Central European Electronics; the acquisition of Mannes Manvidio by Siemens; the formation of Westmen Wiedio Motors Electronics; and the change of name of Central European Electronics Industries Ltd. to Siemens Wiedio Motors Electronics Limited. The Texas Group and Siemens Wiedeo Motors held 30 per cent and 70 per cent of corporate shares, respectively.
The mainland group acquired Westman Wiedio's global business. The Desai group acquired all the shares of the outside side. The core management team of the Desaiway company was stable, the auto electronics industry was cultivated for many years, experienced and stable organizational structure guaranteed.
Corporate policy coherence was ensured and the goals of the company’s future development strategy and operations were achieved. In 2020, the company was restructured in terms of the division of shares, and after the separation was completed, the shareholders in the company’s holdings were changed from the Desai Group to a creative offer, while the actual control of the company remained unchanged and remained the State Property Supervisory Board of the People’s Government of Huezhou.
The voting rights of non-state shareholders have been raised in favour of the subsequent ownership incentive scheme in Texas, which has rejuvenated the business, and now effectively controls the State Treasury Board in Huixiang City, accounting for 29.73%. At the same time, there are five major employee holding platforms in Willide, Willinger, Hengwei, Willichan, and Willow, accounting for 14.57%, fully mobilizing the company’s core management.
The initiative and creativity of teams and business cadres enhances corporate cohesion and provides a good incentive platform for the stability of good talent, enhances the competitiveness of companies and strengthens their industrial leadership position. Shareholders share interests with managers, business cadres, risk-sharing mechanisms, and the realization of shareholders, companies and companies.
Incentives for convergence of interests, with more sustained and rewarding returns for shareholders, and the performance of the incentives, the targets for the evaluation also confirm the certainty of the growth of the company’s performance.
Overall, corporate performance is highly correlated with the country’s driving market, which is expected to erupt in the future as new energy cars become more permeable, smart cabins become more widely available, and high-level autopilots are promoted. In 2013-2017, as the country’s passenger vehicle market developed rapidly, car-borne entertainment systems and driving information became visible.
Large-scale diffusion of electronic automobile products, such as signal systems, vehicle-borne air conditioning controllers, rapid growth in corporate performance, operating income increased from $1.78 billion in 2013 to $6.01 billion in 2017.
Performance pressure, corporate operating income, and net profits have continued to decline. Between 2020 and the present, the car market has recovered from positive growth, the automobile industry has entered a critical period of upgrading and change, and our country is moving from a major country to a strong country, with an accelerated process of national substitution, car intelligence, network connectivity, and electricity.
The dynamic transition has accelerated, with a rapid increase in the deployment of new vehicles for high-performance cabin products, smart-driving assistive products, smart network products, a return to high growth in corporate performance, a steady recovery in the business of the cabin, an increase in the volume of adas products, and a significant increase in the number of bicycles.
Figure 6: Annual vehicle sales (millions of vehicles) In 2021, the company adjusted the calibre of the collection category by merging the three product categories of “car-borne information and entertainment systems”, “car-body information and control systems” and “driving information display systems” into “smart cabin” product categories, with revenue
The company’s main profit indicators are moving out of the lowlands and improving overall. In the future, as the product structure is optimized, smart value added is added.
In terms of products, the Māori rate of smart cabin products has stabilized at 2.7% over the same period, while smart driving products have performed well in sales and management rates, maintaining a high R&D rate of about 10%.
Quality of staff, optimization of the talent structure, and a steady increase in the number of successful personnel in the research and development team. By the end of 2020, there were 1,748 research and development personnel, representing 40.69 per cent of the total number of companies, with over 800 patents, involved in the construction of nearly 30 national and industry standards, including participation in international standards for the first multi-media vehicle, the Smart Network Automobile.
The company has acquired a new Gabpom m1 autopilot licence, and has adopted an assessment of the efficiencycl2 (the software process improvement and capacity of the automobile industry).
Internationally certified (model II) software development capabilities in the area of automobiles are internationally advanced. 1.5.2 Horizontal comparison: industry leads firmly in the automobile intelligence segment industry, where we select middle-class creative, Hwayang group and long-latitude ipo (ipo)
Compared with Desaiway. China-based smart terminal operating system, which focuses on the core technology of the operating system, focuses on key techniques of artificial intelligence, providing intelligence to clients in areas such as smartphones, smart material networking, smart network cars, the intelligence industry, etc.
Operations system products, technologies, and solutions. Key products and services include smartphone solutions, smart network turbox smart brain platforms, smart network automobile solutions, smart visual solutions, etc. The core technology covers communication hangars, in-depth learning, graphic image algorithms, operating system optimization and security techniques.
The main business of the Huayang Group is car electronics and their parts and components, covering automobiles electronics, precision presses, casting, precision electronic components, and the led lighting of four large plates. Automobile electronics include smart cabins, smart driving, and smart network lines: precision cast products include car critical parts (car chassis systems, steam).
Lines: Precision 3c electronic components and industrial control components: products related to optical disk applications such as cores, laser heads and components for the main production of sophisticated electronic components: led lighting products include smart lighting, commercial and industrial lighting, wrapping products, led power sources, etc.
The main longitude camp operations are organized around electronic systems and focus on providing electronics, research and development services and solutions, as well as overall solutions for high-level intelligent driving, to customers in such domains as automobiles, high-end equipment, unmanned transport, etc. Electronics operations include electronics for automobiles, high-end equipment and electronics for automobiles.
Among them are auto electronics, which provide customers with pre-packaged electronics, mainly smart-driving electronics, smart network electronics and body and comfort area electronics: R & D services and solutions operations include car electronic systems development services and high-end equipment electronic systems development services: an overall solution for high-level intelligent driving
In terms of both business earnings and net profits, Desai Siwei has always maintained a leading industry position. In terms of Māori and R&D rates, middle- and long-latitude innovation is high, with its business model dominated by software.
In terms of management rates and sales rates, Desai Siwi has performed well and has a strong cost-control capability.
Smart cabins are smart, network-connected vehicle devices and services capable of providing full-scale intelligent interactive car compartments for people, cars, roads, clouds, and are products of intelligent vehicle carriages that redefine human-vehicle relationships. Smart pods are upgrades to the full-scale of traditional compartments. In hardware, upgrade traditional mechanical instruments to numbers.
LCD instrument, which provides a very technical presentation of driving information; adds streaming rear-view mirrors, hud and back-row displays to provide consumers with sound navigational, ambient and entertainment information. In software, multi-model interactions, smart scenes, personalization services are integrated to meet the needs of diverse human interactions.
The development of the smart cabin can be divided into three phases: the electronic cabin, the intelligent driver’s assistant, and the intelligent mobile space. The smart cabin product is currently in the initial stage of the intelligent assistant, replacing it with a large-sized control liquid crystal screen.
Traditional controls, full LCD instruments are gradually replacing the traditional instrument, and programs are being designed to integrate the control screen and the dashboard. There are a few new Hud ups and ups and rear-view mirrors, and there is a variety of human interactions and a clear increase in intelligence. In the future, with the application of highly automated driving techniques, the cabin will become more intelligent.
Upgraded, integrated autopilot capability. Figure 21: Smart cabin development phase. Diminished driver role, with passengers at its centre.
Provision of ai-situation services and immersion experiences Use of various sensors to increase environmental perception, data collection and processing capabilities
E-information systems are gradually integrated, and 2.2 intelligent cabin penetration is rapidly increasing, such as driving aids and system upgrades.
The size of the global smart cabin market is projected to increase from $23.1 billion in 2020 to $8.3 billion in 2026, with a 14.2 per cent increase in cagr compared to the global market.
In 2026, according to icvtank, the traffic information and entertainment penetration rate is expected to reach 98.6 per cent, with full vehicle penetration. In 2020, driving information indicates a system penetration rate of 26.9 per cent and is expected to reach 65.8 per cent in 2026.
More than half of the passenger vehicles were covered. In 2020, head-up display systems, streaming media rearview mirrors, car recorders and rear-view LCDs had a penetration rate of 8.6 per cent, 7.5 per cent, 12.9 per cent and 1.1 per cent, respectively, and the penetration rate was expected in 2026. Carborne Information Recreation System was the largest market in the smart cabin, accounting for approximately 64.3 per cent of the market, followed by the cockpit.
The system's peaceful visual display system, at 27.05 per cent and 4.62 per cent, respectively. 2.3 The smart cabin industrial chain integrates development.
The hardware component consists mainly of power semiconductors, display panels, pcb, chips, etc., and the software component includes bottom operating systems, based on the ability of the operating system to generate intermediate software and applications, etc. The middle-motivation link forms a complete control and display system through a combination of soft and hard parts.
A complete smart seating system. Chip layer: One core multiscreen is the main future trend, one chip supports multiple operating systems, solves high-cost communication costs between systems, while reducing communication time. Participants have access to medium- and low-end markets.
Traditional car chip manufacturers like nxp, Texas instruments, Risa electronics, and those in the high-end market areas of the United Nations Development Programme, Samsung, Hightower, etc. mobile phones. Domestic participants are mainly Chinese, horizon, etc. pcb: rapid growth in demand, on the one hand, due to high frequency and high-speed transmission of data by vehicles and, on the other hand,
New energy sources increase the demand for pcb in the field of power control. Automobile pcb is dominated by United States, Japanese, and desktop companies. Domestic mainland suppliers are mainly engaged in power generation.
The panel, which is luminescence based mainly on backlight sources, is currently used on most of the controls in the cabins: oled refers to panels that can be actively luminous, have the advantage of contrasting, colourful, and bendable patterns, and more and more intelligent compartments are starting to use the oled program. Domestic displays include long-term panels, Kyodong, Lei.
Traditional electronics such as power semiconductors: traditional electronics are provided mainly by traditional car electronics manufacturers.
Domestic providers include Stewardship Technology, China Rainbow Semiconductor, Fast Microelectrics, Yangjiet Technologies, etc. • Bottom operating systems: Automobile operating systems are divided into safety-related vehicle control operating systems and related to user experience
The vehicle operating system is used for navigation, information entertainment, bluetooth, etc. The bottom vehicle operating system forms three camps: qnx, linux, and droid, and each major vehicle company customizes its own vehicle operating system on the basis of the bottom operating system.
Listed enterprises include Central Science and Technology, East soft group, Jeong Mae, Four-Vitun New, and Twee Weiwei, the Tier 1. The intermediate layer: also known as System Services, is above and under the operating system. The intermediates provide a rich set of components and interfaces, and applications use interfaces provided by this layer to access the services provided by the operating system.
The country’s intermediate markets are dominated by ibm, oracle, and other foreign software giants. The domestic intermediates include GMO, Orient, Poland, China’s share, Golden Fluttershy, China’s creative interests, and the Eastern Soft Group, among others.
The application layer, which is located at the top of the software hierarchy, is responsible for system functionality and operational nudity. Preloaded navigation maps are provided mainly by four-dimensional new maps (market top), Gold maps, and Khalid.
Carborne Information and Recreation System (CARIS): The CACT + Carborne Information System, developed from the traditional control platform, is now being developed into an integrated platform that combines vehicle-borne dvd, back-up images, smartphone-connected projective models, multimedia, wifi, bluetooth, auxiliary parking, etc.
There are five domestic suppliers on the market: Desai Siwei, Huayang Group, All Electrics, Pathfinder Technology, Sokin shares, and five major non-listed players: AirSofts, Good Helpers, Far-Technology, Botaire Networks, and Car Unions.
A driver's information display system: instrumentation. The traditional driver's information display system provides information on speed, speed, water temperature, etc.
The world’s top five suppliers are: the mainland, the electric suit, Wei Shih-Tung, the Japanese machine, and Marelli. Domestic suppliers include, among other things, Desaixive, PV, PV, E.O.C., E.G., S.I., U.S.I., and Biadi.
*Hud ups and downs show that the overall penetration rate is low at this stage, mainly in high-end vehicles, and is expected to accelerate in the future from high-end to medium- and low-end vehicles. The main reason is that Hud is difficult to design and costly. As technology matures and costs decrease, it is expected to accelerate penetration to medium- and low-end vehicles over the next three years.
The main suppliers in the country are Zejiko, Kyung-soo, Dynasty, Huayang Group, Future Black Technology, etc. Rewinding media mirrors: turning the rear-view mirror into a real-time rear-circuit display, mainly through high-quality externals.
Rear-vision cameras take pictures of the real-time road conditions in the rear of the vehicle and present the image on the rear-view mirror. The current-flowing rear-view mirror market is still under cultivation and the overall penetration rate is low. Current-media rear-view mirrors are more difficult to design and are more expensive than traditional rear-view mirrors, so they are now mainly mounted on high-end models.
In the future, accelerated penetration is expected from high-end vehicles to medium- and low-end vehicles. The participants include equipment such as Xindu, Bethette, Huayang Group, Taipei Research Technology, 360 safety technology, ants technology, Kafong excellence, Jedha, CarLog: recording images and sound of vehicles on their way.
After recording, video images and sound can be recorded of the car's journey. The overall penetration of the pre-car logs market is low, and the future upgrade is likely to take place. There are a large number of participating companies, with higher rates in the cities of laxity, 360, etc. The back row liquid crystal shows that the back row passengers are specially equipped for entertainment, with communication, office, Internet access, external games.
At this stage, the LCD shows that the market is still in the process of nurturing, with an overall penetration rate of less than 2% and a high potential for development. Participants overlap with car-borne entertainment providers, the top five of which are located around the world, mainly in the Greater United States, the mainland, Bo, Sharp, and Desecway.
The new power of car construction is represented by Tesla, Ideals, Pinocchio, and Vera, all of which are equipped with some or all of the smart seating components, while many new functions have been introduced to enhance consumer experience. Traditional car companies, such as the general public, Jili, upper steam, Biadei, the Great Wall, etc.
Intelligent models are being transformed through the gradual construction of electric vehicles equipped with smart cabins and the introduction of traditional fuel trucks with zero components associated with smart cabins.
The development of intelligent, network-connected and electrodynamic motorization has led to profound changes in the functionality and properties of cars, leading to changes in their electrical and electronic structures.
The electronic control module (ecu) performs decision-making functions. A large number of ecu results in complex beaming, heavy loads, high whole-of-car costs, and deep hardware and software coupling is not conducive to software integration or self-functionalization. The software definition of cars is premised on hardware and hardware decoupling, which separates the hardware and software development processes of the vehicles.
After the sale, the continuous rotation and optimization of the software will be achieved through ota, which will meet user-specific needs, delay the frequency of the update of the hardware platform, transform the iterative cycle of automobile products from an industrial to a digital cycle and achieve the life of the entire platform, so that the electronic structure of automobiles will be transformed into a centralized electronic structure of the domain, and the domain controller (dcu) will be collected.
Multiple ecus, with fewer vehicle wires, will help reduce the cost of whole cars and software development, and reduce the cycle of full vehicle integration validation. Because of physical limitations on modular space deployment by different vehicle-type platforms, a centralized electronic structure of the domain is difficult to use on a large scale because of its vulnerability to vehicle-type constraints.
Electrical architecture shifts, built around a computing platform in a larger area, built a complete software system based on one or more core computing platforms.
The number of car-loaded ecu products will decrease. Automobile electronics providers with platform-based product supply capabilities, with a relatively strong pre-existing advantage and technological accumulation in the design of integrated domain controllers, based on a rich ecu product matrix, are expected to benefit from the trend towards centralization of auto-electronic structures.
Currently, vehicles are dominated by power, vehicle, chassis, autopilot, and smart cabins, which are within the five domains. Autopilots, smart cabins are the future core of cars. For the cabins, in-area concentration means a strong cabin soc. More specifically, a powerful cabin.
Soc must meet the needs of the current cabin development: support more display screens, support more ai functions, integrate with adas, upgrade functionality security, etc. High-tech, Risa, Intel, etc., have made it possible for multiple operating systems to operate on a chip.
, which also supports multiple screens, such as LCD monitors, central control entertainment screens, side-drive entertainment screens, etc.
At the production level, the total cost of the “one core multiple screen” programme is lower than that of the “one core multiple screen” programme; at the communications level, multiple screen interactive messages from the “one core multiple screen” programme are transmitted within the chip, changing the way in which multiple operating systems transmit information through communications such as the can/lin bus, and the time for communication is significantly reduced; at the security level, the “one” is used.
The “one-core multiple screen” option, which reduces the complexity of the system, reduces the number of devices such as chips, and increases overall reliability. There are two main ways to achieve this: hardware separation, and virtual machine monitors, the main difference between them is whether hardware resources are shared.
Hardware isolation, which divides and manages hardware resources such as the memory area of the soc chip, peripheral equipment, and footing through the hardware partition, provides access to and management of each of the resources to which it belongs, and does not allow for the sharing of hardware resources between the divisions. Hardware segregation streamlines the allocation and management of hardware resources and greatly facilitates software development.
The virtual machine monitor (hypervisor) is an intermediate software layer operating between hardware equipment and the operating system, allowing multiple operating systems to share hardware resources. In a virtual environment, hypervisor can deploy hardware resources such as cpu-kernels, external devices, memory areas, etc., and assigns different resources to each virtual machine.
Under the coordination of hypervisor, multiple operating systems share resources in hardware and remain independent and non-intrusive on the software side. Other operating systems can continue to function even if a system fails or collapses.
The technological upgrading of the industrial chain of the current chip, operating system, airspace controllers, screens, etc., will provide more imagination and implementation space for the mainframe plant in terms of multiple screens and combinations, bringing more technological changes to the cabin.
The company’s smart cabin products cover the full range of car-borne information and entertainment systems, vehicle-borne display systems, air conditioning controllers, etc., and are the country’s first to produce a lot of space controllers, tier1.
Figure 29: Global Carborne Information Recreation System Competition Pattern 2019 Figure 30: Domestic Carborne Information Recreation System Competition Pattern 2020 Figure 31: National Carborne Information Recreation System Competition Pattern in the first half of 2021
Figure 32: Competition patterns in the domestic LCD tablet market in 2020.
Accompaniment production has been achieved in ideal one. The cabin controller supports four-screen interaction, namely, "Digital instrument monitor plus central monitor plus side-driving entertainment plus functional control." The middle- and side-driving screens of the eccentric entertainment system use "androidautotive+"
Hightower 820a vehicle processor.” Digital instrument and functional control screens use the "linux operating system plus Texas instrument j6" solution.
The goal of the dual system is to have more resources in terms of ecology and developers, and the linux system will ensure more stable functioning of functions associated with driving, vehicle control and avoidance of system collapse.
In 2020, the company produced a new generation of smart cabins based on the hypervisor structure, using qnxhypervisor and qnxneutrino real-time operating systems (rtos), with the largest number of carriers.
A new ar navigation function. qnxhypervisor is used not only to ensure the reliability and high performance of the operating system (rtos) when qnxneutrino is real, but also to allow multiple operating systems to coexist safely with the same supersystem (soc), which is secured by the qnxhypervisor 2.0 virtual machine, which secures the instrument function, and the droid.
The 9.0 system allows users to enjoy a wealth of information and entertainment functions. Developers can use qnxhypervisor to partition and isolate security critical systems from information and entertainment systems to ensure that critical systems remain isolated and continue to operate even if other components fail.
3. Smart driving: opening the second growth curve 3.1 Smart driving policy end planning is clear
According to the Terms and Definitions of the Advanced Driving Auxiliary System for Road Vehicles (adas), adas means, inter alia, that drivers, vehicles and their driving environment are monitored using devices such as sensors, communications, decision-making and execution installed on vehicles, and that drivers are assisted in driving by video, light, sound, tactile alerts, warnings or controls.
General description of systems for the active avoidance and mitigation of collision hazards. Gb/t40429-2021 Recommended National Standard for Automobile Automotive Classification, proposed by the Ministry of Industry and Informatics and referred to by the National Technical Commission for Automotive Standardization, 20 August 2021
The standard divides driving automation into stages O-5 and 0-2 for driving aids, which is designed to support humans in the performance of dynamic driving tasks, the driver remains the driver; level 3-5 is the autopilot, and the system is in place.
Designed to replace humans in dynamic driving tasks under operating conditions and, when the function is activated, the driving subject is the system.
Smart network cars will account for 50 per cent of total vehicle sales, C-v2x terminals will be equipped with 50 per cent of new vehicles, 70 per cent of level-I3 automaticly driven smart network cars will be sold, 20 per cent of level-I4 automaticly driven vehicles will be driven, and the total number of new c-v2x end-use vehicles will be almost universal; after 2035, national production level-I5 will be operational.
The application of the powered smart-networked car will begin. Figure 35: The Smart-net-based motor vehicle development goals (market applications) for passenger vehicles, in 2025 or so, ca level autopilot technology applications, ha level auto-applications
In 2030 or so, the technology was scaled up, and the typical applications included suburban roads, highways, and urban roads covering the country’s major cities. After 2035, the use of autopilots began.
3.2 The smart driving adas system includes the forward adas system, the rear adas system, the automated parking system and the panorama system. The first two systems are known as the Caradas system and the last two as the Parking adas system.
As the auxiliary driving function is gradually being produced, the vehicle-assisted driving system is becoming industry-specific, and the individual functionality is sinking to a low-end vehicle pattern. According to Irey's consulting data, approximately 32 per cent of the vehicle-assisted driving penetration in 2020 was about 12 per cent. However, the level-l1 function did not perform the maximum utility of hardware, plus the level-l2.
Rapid penetration and reduced costs are expected to result in a gradual reduction in the number of passenger cars carrying only the level 1 function, which will gradually be replaced by the level 1-2 feature. At the same time, as the rules of access relating to intelligent driving continue to be improved, it is expected that the level 1-3 autopilot will be phased out in 2023.
According to high-tech smart cars, in January-October this year the number of new domestic vehicles (joint ventures + autonomy) on board amounted to 63,667,000, an increase of 34.18 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, with 38.69 per cent on the mark. The number of new vehicles on board was 2,9607,000, an increase of 80.44 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year. The previous load rate was 18.06 per cent.
Figure 39: Arrivals in advance in January-October 2021: Figure 40: Arrival in January-October 2021: Arrival rate in January-October 2021
For the first time, representatives of the new indigenous car-making power entered the top ten. It is expected that in the next 2-3 years, it will spread rapidly, and that the I2+ will enter the concentration phase, which means that the L2-l2+ level adas market has a very large market space.
Autopilots above grade are still difficult to land in the short term. But autonomous passenger parking has low speed, closed scenes, fixed routes, and unmanned features, while helping the owner to reduce parking hours, and is expected to be the fastest-growing high-level autopilot in passenger vehicles.
The same features, while helping enterprises to reduce human costs, safeguard their personal safety, and involve more people in higher-value jobs, make them more land-dwelling in the short term. With the increased penetration of adas and the spread of centralized electronics, autopilots are expected to take place in 2025.
The controllers will deliver more than 4 million units. 3.3 Smart Drivers' Routes is a hundred-and-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-
The intelligent driving core technology system can be summarized briefly as perception, decision-making and execution, with sensors, chip half-conduct, software algorithms, controlled execution, and the intelligent whole car as key links.
Increase, exponentially, in decision-making level: Smartly driven cars drive electronic and electrical structures from distribution to concentration, domain controllers, multi-area controllers replace ecu with high-calculus ai chip.
Executing layer: Smart driving requires a mechanical connection between the driver and the car, wire control moves, wire control turns to autopilot 3.3.2 chip arithmetic to determine the upper limit of intelligence. Smart driving in a car depends on whether or not the algorithm is strong. To define a car for software, speed up intelligence.
A driver must have a hard computing platform that carries highly intelligent, high-capacity arithmetic algorithms, and either a hardware computing platform, or a domain controller, is supported by a chip. Autopilots, at levels from 1 to 15, have a calculus and properties of the ai chip as the functionality is perfected and enhanced.
It's a higher demand. At the same time, for every level of automatic driving, a higher level of arithmetic is required. The level of arithmetic is a watershed in the need for arithmetic, which is 20 tops, and the calculator which is required for l4 is close to 400 tops, and the calculator which is required for l5 is more demanding, which is 4,000 +tops.
Ten times the size of level I4. At the moment, tras' autopilot chip hw 3.0 is the most powerful, single chip is 72 tops, and now all the cars under the Tlax flag are using a double chip program, with 144 tops.
We've got more and more attention to autopilot research and development, and the autopilot chip is no longer the largest in the family of Tracis, and it's a 100-channel view.
P7. Autopilots can be achieved at the level of 122-l3. In 2021, Anglo-Vidalorin is an upgraded version of Xavier, using a 7nm system, with a performance up to seven times that of a single chip with 200 tops. It can use the two orinsoc and two ampegpu combinations of drivepegasus.
Robotaxi's autopilot platform, capable of reaching 2000tops, is capable of driving automatically at the level of 14-l5. It has been confirmed that the ideal and next generation of Peng will use the British-Weed Orin chip.
In 2021, we're going to produce an Eyeq5 chip with a 10-fold increase in performance to 25 tops, and we're going to be able to do another level of autopilot, and the lead kerzero will be using an Eyeq5h, with a combination of two chips.
High connectivity: The launch of 820a in the smart cabin has attracted new powers such as ideal one, little pp7. And the launch of a high-profile snapdragon rode autopilot platform in the autopilot area, which supports the 1-1-l5 level autopilot, with a chip of up to 700 tops.
It's only 130 W, and the fsd chip in Bitsla is low. A high-speed auto-drive car will be marketed in 2023 at the earliest.
The multichip program mdc810, arithmetic 352tops, is currently the most powerful autopilot chip in the country, supporting autopilots at the level of 13-l4. The brand of the new high end of the North Gas, arcfox, launched in 2021, has a new car, Alphas.
Horizons: Current process 2, chip production of 28nm, single chip computing of 4 tops, beyond the veq4 chip, is currently on Long Anuni-t and Chirre ants. On September 26, 2020, Train 3, single chip computing of 5 tops, chip production of 16 nm.
20 times, a single chip is 96 tops, and a combination chip can reach 192 to 384 tops. Hesse: a1000 chip released in June 2020, a chip of 16 nm, single chip 40-70 tops, power only 8w, energy efficiency is ahead of the world.
Up to 280 tops. Snack run: the first medium-sized suv snail c11 under the flag carries the self-driving chip core of Snack self-researching 01. Become a car manufacturer with the exception of Tesla, the only auto-driving self-driving chip in the world.
28nm process, 4w power, single chip arithmetic 4.2tops.
Sensors act as "eyes" and "ears" of autopilot vehicles, and the current mainstream autopilot sensors are dominated by cameras and radars, which can be divided into millimetre wave radars, laser radars and ultrasound radars, and cameras, which can be divided into four types of forward, lateral, and built-in, depending on the location of their installation.
There are currently two different paths to the selection of the autopilot sensor: one is camera-driven, equipped with a millimetre wave radar, using advanced computer visual algorithms for full autopilot, typically for Tesla, moblieye and 100 degrees apololite, and the other is laser radar, with a millimetre wave radar, ultrasound sensors and cameras.
Long-range full-range detection capabilities are high, but relatively high in cost, typical of mainstream unmanned enterprises such as Googlewaymo, 100 degreespollo, and WWF. Visual lead program: Video data from cameras are the most similar to the real world perceived by people, close to humans.
And, in the current situation where laser radar prices are high, it is easier to use cameras alone to control laser radar-led programmes with the advantage of longer, more accurate, faster response and environmental protection. Its processing of three-dimensional information, such as the size of the object and the calculation of the speed of movement, is very strong.
Now that the two paths have yet to win, the price of laser radars is expected to decline as autopilot technology develops, and its full-scale detection capability and the advantages of not being vulnerable to environmental impacts will gradually emerge, and it is hoped that it will become the dominant configuration for autopilot in the future.
3.3.4 The rapid pace of our mainstream smart driving programme has been accompanied by an increase in the penetration of adas auxiliary driving capabilities in the new car market, with new forces and leading autonomous companies increasingly fighting in the field of intelligent driving.
The car of Ping, the Vox, is the first to announce laser radar production. The current smart-drive chip market is a two-way race between mobileye and Invelda, where indigenous chip manufacturers, represented by horizons, Hirsch, occupy a seat in the autonomous branding company market with the advantage of arithmetic and arithmetic.
Unlike Chinese automobile companies such as Tesla. Weir and Peng, which save hardware costs by using visual algorithms, using multiple means to integrate assistive adas, multi-sensor integration based on millimetre wave radars, high-resolution cameras, ultrasound radars and even laser radars achieves safety redundancy by combining Chinese car network advantages, using algorithmic self-research routes,
At the end of the year, we have achieved the program of auxiliary to automatic driving functions. 3.4 Desaiway: The National Smart Driving Tier 1 Lead Company officially established the Smart Driving Auxiliary Unit in 2016 and, after years of high R & D investment, is already in place.
The motor-driving domain controllers, millimetre-wave radars, parking systems, 360-degree circumspection systems, etc. are among the areas of pre-industrial pre-industry. 3.4.1 intelligent-driving controllers: binding English Weida to the full benefit of the operation. Our autopilots are showing three main technological routes: the Tesla route, the British Wedda route, and the Chinese route.
The Tesla route: a pure visual route, a Tesla chip plus a visual sensor plus a Tesla algorithm. The English route: an integrated perception route, an Invelda chip plus multiple sensors plus aoem self-reflection algorithm.
By 2020, the smart driver chip was almost monopolized by mobileye, with a share of about 70%. The future of Great Britain's chip market is expected to continue to rise, mainly because new forces tend to sell smart drivers as core points, self-research smart driving algorithms, and new forces want to master originals.
The core elements of data, data integration, and algorithm upgrading will be the use of a more open British computing platform. Traditional manufacturers will be using a British computing platform to meet consumers’ demands for high-value computing.
From the point of view of the mainframe, the smart driver first chooses to automatically drive the chip, and the second is the domain controller. Currently, the domestic domain controller supplier tends to use one or the other.
The smart driving program of several chips is the primary product, and the mainframe plant will focus on the past-of-the-life production package of the domain controllers. If the mobileye chip is selected in the country, it is likely to be used as the domain controller supplier for longitude, knowledge technology, etc.; if the British Welda chip is selected, Germany is likely to be selected.
Sethwell and others as domain controllers; if the horizon chip is selected, Fritek may be chosen to do it in the high-level autopilot area, the company ' s ipu03 autopilot area in 2020, based on the verdaxavier chip.
The desired car is working together. The advantage is clear, and the most beneficial indicator is the increase in the share of the country’s British microchip. ipu03 is an autopilot control for 1.3. This product meets the requirements of the car code. The operating system is qnxsafetyos, the mcu end of which is an autosar operating system with safety components, hardware design tests.
With the backup redundant design in mind, the functional security level is up to the asild level. It provides 30-tops arithmetic, which can be connected to the 12-way camera, 12-lan bus bus bus bus, 2-way lvds, 8 gigabytes, and 1-million-mile megacarnet. It can handle itself in real time from vehicle radars, cameras, laser radars and ultrasound systems.
Mobilize driving data, achieve 360 degrees of full-sense integration and make safe decisions and controls, support up-and-down tunnels, auto-transformations under high-speed scenes, auto-car jamming on urban roads, auto parking apa under low-speed scenes, and vp for passenger parking.
In the development of ipu03, the roles of the three parties are different: Pelican cars, Desaixives, and Nvidia, which provides chips and technical support. Jedessivy is responsible for providing bottom-level software for hardware patterns, software morphology domains.
Pelican cars are responsible for autopilot algorithms from the sensor to the decision-making level. Hardware and software are separated, Tier1 is responsible for the middle layer and hardware production, the whole factory is responsible for autopilot software, and the whole development process is carried out by Pelican cars and Devon Westway together, and Xavier has a high authorization fee, which is also small.
This model ensures that the entire factory produces a different kind of autopilot. The ipu04 product is the new generation of smart-driving domain controllers after ipu03, for level 14. It is currently the most arithmetic smart-driving domain controller in the world, and it is the highest in complexity in the vehicle-borne industry.
There are more than 110 tops, 254 tops, 508 tops and 1,000 tops, and they can be expanded to 2000 to 2000tops.
Laser radars, ultrasound sensors, which constitute autopilot systems. Targets have been completed for multiple domestic head customers (ideal, argon, intellectual, etc.) and will be produced this year.
The ipou02 is a third smart-driving domain controller built from a new generation of Texas instruments, JacintoTMtda4, which covers the arithmetic range of 4-32tops.
This year's production is expected to be applied to Gilly and the upper flag, and it will be expanded further next year. Figure 49: Desaic Area Control Planner 3.4.2 Smart Fist Products are competitive.
*mm wave radar *mm wave radar *mm wave radar remote range, stable performance, capable of well-comparable with cameras at the level of 122 and above. *The cumulative installation of China ' s millimetre wave radar on the vehicle market amounted to 8.19 million, of which: 477 per cent of forward radar installed
Ten thousand with 3.31 million rear-angle radars installed. From the current adas mainstream programme, level 1 is based mainly on the 1r, 1v, or 1r1v scenario, the sensor strategy is relatively simple, with limited demand for millimetre-wave radars; level 1-2 integration of sensors requires upgrading and millimetre-wave mines.
In 2020, the 5r1v program got in, further pulling millimetre wave radar requirements. It is expected that in 2025, 31 million millimetre wave radars will be installed in China by car, with a cagr of 30.7 per cent. The millimetre wave radar currently produced in the mainstream is 24ghz, 77ghz, 79ghz, 24ghz mm.
Short-range radar, mainly for medium- and short-range detection, and 77ghz mm wave radar, mainly for medium- and long-range detection, which is currently available at 79ghz millimetre wave radars outside the country and has not been developed in the country. 24ghz was no longer produced as of 1 March 2022, according to the Ministry of Technology and Communications ' s Provisional Rules for the Radio Management of Automobile Radars
MM-BOL, 77ghz-mm wave radar is smaller in size and more accurate in detection, and will be mainstreamed in the future. Boxes, continents, and batteries occupy 90% of the market share of the domestic 77ghz-mm wave radar market.
The next generation of 4dmm wave radars will be on board this year's project. • 360-degree spectroscope avm 360 (avm) is one of the first visual images and perception systems to be deployed in the vehicle, mainly
The driver is provided with a parking, low-speed vehicle peri-environmental visual image, usually consisting of four wide-angle fish eye cameras plus software+ecu installed in front of the insurance system, back-end doors and under the left and right rear-view mirrors. According to monitoring data from the Institute of Advanced Skilled Motors, the pre-loading of new domestic vehicles (joint ventures+ autonomous brands) in 2020
The number of new vehicles equipped to carry avm was 3.0841 million, an increase of 19.55 per cent compared with 2019, and the number of pre-loaded DeSaiseway 360-degree ESPs in 2020 jumped to the second highest level in the industry, leading the national production supplier camp.
The full automatic parking capability of the ESP and ultrasound radar integration is already in production on the Gilly model, with further loads on the Gilly, Biadi, and Chirido hot-marketing model in 2020. The company’s market share is expected to expand further in the future as the apaa integration parking programme continues to produce.
The auto-busting system apa park has become a new gateway to intelligent driving by the giants of Tier 1 and the start-up companies. From the backbone, ultrasound to the visual integration of parking, to the development of the integration of parking, to automatic parking,
Landing of remote parking (rpa), memory parking (hpa), and the final function of autonomous passenger parking (avp), low speed parking market hot spots are gradually warming.
More than 80% of them are still dominated by a pure ultrasound sensor programme. In January-July 2021, the number of new domestic vehicles carrying the apa function was 1,425,000, an increase of 36.4% compared to the same period the previous year, with integration parking (based on panorama + ultrasound) accounting for 32.83%, a number of times an increase over the same period last year.
The capacity of 1,347,000 vehicles and Hpa memory parking with about 14,000 vehicles (intelligence technology, Texas, and 100 degrees as the main supplier) is a huge potential incremental market for follow-on parking functions. At the same time, the technological maturity of the One Berthing program is rapidly reducing the development costs of low-speed parking functions.
Dessehway entered with a 360-degree optics system, a fully automated parking system successfully produced on the Gilly model in 2019, a pa system in 2020 in a number of mainframe plants such as Gilly and Chirre, and a stand-alone passenger parking system avp in 2021.
Network services: Gradual access 4.1 The smart network automobile industry moves into the fast-track development.
Letter and network technology, which allows for the exchange and sharing of intelligent information between vehicles and x (cars, roads, people, clouds, etc.) with complex environmental perceptions, smart decision-making, coordinated control, etc., can lead to safe, efficient, comfortable, energy-efficient driving, and eventually to a new generation of cars operated by replacements.
One-car intelligence and car networking together build smart network cars, which is the core technology for the realization of smart network connections, which is a “three-net” combination of in-car, inter-bust and vehicle clouds (car-borne mobile Internet), encompassing three core technologies: information platforms (clouds), communication networks (pipelines), and smart terminals (end-of-pipe).
• Level of application: cloud-structured vehicle operation information platform, which links vehicle terminals to each other based on remote communications technology such as cloud xx 4g/5g
Wireless network connectivity • network layer: address connectivity, build vehicles and drive perimeters based on car network communication techniques (lte-v2x, 5g-v2x)
Communication connectivity in the driving environment • Sensitization layer: acquisition of vehicle information, in Can/lin bus technology
At the heart of the technique is the foundation for the realization of a bicycle smart network, car network v2x has two standard systems: a system based on dsrc v2x, proposed by the United States, and a Chinese-led system based on c-v2x standards.
The allocation of the 5.9 ghz band to c-v2x marks a major step forward towards global standards. China’s industrialization of car connections has accelerated, leading to the development of c-v2x, which includes communication chips, communication modules, end-of-end equipment, whole-car manufacturing, operation services, testing certification, high accuracy positioning, and map services.
The whole industry chain ecology, which involves cars, electronics, telecommunications, the Internet, transportation, etc., is made up mainly of the basic layers, the integration layers, and the application layers. As the technology for car networking matures, the penetration rate of smart network cars increases.
In 2020, the global market ' s new vehicle penetration rate was about 45 per cent, and is expected to reach 4.2 Desaiway by 2025: Car-networking opens up room for growth. Car-net services, as one of the company ' s three product lines, have broad market prospects and are long-term.
The company has launched web-based service products such as c-v2x/t-box, full-car phase ota, network security, Blue Whales 4.0 terminal software, and has been commercialized over time. t-box is the key component of the Carborne Information Interactive System, which is embedded in vehicles to control the tracking of cars.
Enterive system consisting mainly of mobile communication units (4g/5g), c-v2x communications units, gnss high-precision positioning modules, microprocessors, in-car bus controllers, storage units, etc. tbox pairs are connected to car-car-car-car-can mainline, external vehicle terminals, hand-held devices, roads, etc.
Side units and information interactions between public networks that use communications v2v (vehicleovicle), v2r (vehicletorouad), v2h (vehicletohome) achieve a variety of functions such as intelligent recording of vehicle information, data collection, remote control, remote diagnosis, and remote upgrading.
In 2020, 8,3181 million t-box preloaded vehicles were in danger, an increase of 37.26% over the same period in 2019. The traditional giant, lig, is still at the top of the list, and associate technology is ranked second in the top of the list.
Desecway, which is third in the rankings of the traditional giants Fareo, Electric, Haman, Continental, 2020, figure 56: Autonomous plus joint brand t-box market share, 2020, Dexeciway is a latecomer to the former t-box industry, set up a car networking unit in 2018, and promoted t-box.
By the end of 2020, the first 5gt-box technology in Texas was produced on 2021 bgl8aviner. The technology is characterized by speed of connectivity and short transmission delays, and data can be obtained through some of the barriers.
Transmission, raising the vehicle ' s perception of blindness in the visual area, with high accuracy, reliability and strong non-sighted performance, has greatly enhanced the user ' s driving experience, traffic efficiency and safety.
Cars and road communications Cars and car communications Emergency brake alert ebw
• Speed-restricted early warning slw — vehicle out of control clw — red light early warning svw
• Anomalous vehicle alert avw — road hazard alert hlw — collision warning icw
For the first time, blue whale 4.0 of the green wave speed steering glosa's new intelligent cabin interactive operating system was applied to the co-convening z03 car.
For the first time, the full-scale ota has been upgraded. The full-scale ota program has not only been able to complete the match.
The upgrade of all ecu in the vehicle will also enable the timely detection of vehicle-mounted equipment problems through the vehicle online diagnostic system, and the rapid resolution of these problems through the ota, which will result in the complete closure of vehicle upgrades and services.
For the first time, smart pods, smart drivers, web services technologies were integrated, starting with three scenes closely related to car life: the smart home, the smartmobility, and the smarttravel.
Programmatic excellence. In the broader context of cross-domain integration, see Desaiway as a provider of the overall solution of "smart cabin plus intelligence can drive plus car network." 5. Performance projections and valuations.
Intelligent cabins: operations are broken down into car-borne information and entertainment systems, driver-based information display systems and vehicle air conditioning controllers. The Māori rate is stable at 25.4 per cent, and the RV-based information and entertainment system grew by 12.3 per cent in 2021-2023.
A combination of comparable corporate valuations, considering the firm position of the firm in the domestic area of car intelligence, pre-existing advantages, less than expected car intelligence penetration, less than expected sales by company customers, less than expected high-level automatic driving, changing patterns of competition in industry, shortage of chips, and less than expected outbreak control.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The individual’s investment proposal, whether written or oral, is invalid in any form to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities.
Any investment decision made by the investor on the basis of the offer or bid for the securities is irrelevant to the company and to the author.