Winch stock (300498) Agro-forestry and fishing have recovered significantly, and the leader of the farm has been waiting for the end of the cycle, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Price grabs; 2) The company ' s ability to farm pigs for profit was restored at full cost in the first quarter of 21st year, and there are currently some 13.4 million yellow feather chickens in the producing parent reserve, at a low level, and the price of the chickens has increased since August 21 and is expected to rise in the future.
The annual outbreak of the African pigpest had a huge impact on the country’s pig-breeding industry, with 54.419 million pigs in 2019, down 21.6% from the previous year, with prices reaching $41/kg in November 2019. Prices have been falling since 2021, reaching $11/kg in October, and prices for pigs have recently risen.
In a small rebound, it rose to around $17.9/kg in early December, mainly because of demand pulls, winter is the season of traditional pork demand, and demand for southern pickles is supportive of prices; in the medium and long term, the supply of pork is guaranteed, and since March, the number of newborn pigs in the country has been in the range of 30 million per month.
In the fourth quarter of this year to the first quarter of next year, the number of fat pigs on the market is expected to increase and prices are set back. From the point of view of being able to grow pigs, there is a new trend of degenerative capacity, and there is still time to clear up, with 4,348 million of them remaining in the yellow zone as of October 2021, and
In the phase-out phase-out, backward capacity will be phased out as a priority, leading to structural adjustments, taking into account the current development of production efficiency indicators such as pig py, which have increased in comparison to the past, and the trend of pig populations to degenerate, but which will have to be maintained at lower levels for some time in the future before further output can be achieved.
The company’s profitability is rapidly restored, and its performance is expected to grow. The company’s pig-breeding operations are affected by non-pestics, mainly in terms of structure, levels and farm costs: affected by the African pigpest virus, the company eliminates some of the virus-threatening sows, and uses the external purchase model for fertilizer sales, 2020
The balance sheet of productive biological assets shows that outsourcing amounts to $5.19 billion, a 117-fold increase over the same period, increases in the proportion of women and men who are highly efficient and able to grow pigs, and is structured in an optimal manner. The purchase of piglets stopped in May 2021.
The total cost was high, 30 pounds per pound in the first quarter of 21 years, and the company’s goal was gradually reduced by control, further de-escalating or rising. As of November 2021, there were about 13.4 million chickens in production, a 8.1 per cent reduction in the same year, and the price of the chickens has risen since August 21
On the other hand, the State has indicated that it will fight the illegal trade in wildlife, ban the consumption of wildlife, restrict the trade in live poultry and slaughter, encourage the concentration of live poultry in places where conditions exist, and phase out the market for live poultry, which is close to the yellow chicken.
Eighty percent of the sales will go through the live poultry market, where the spirits of the corpses are driven out of the market, and where the size of the farm divides. The company pushed the poultry industry to upgrade, with 94.5% of the chickens listed in the first half of 2021, the meat of the chickens being less than 2.9%, using the principle of “volume balance” as a general principle, using contract sales based on changing circumstances.
In the light of the gradual recovery in profits from the company ' s production of raw pigs and yellow feather chickens, the appropriate premium is given to company 1: the agro-industrial livestock leader.
Founded in the city of Yunfu, Guangdong Province, in 1983, we have now become a cross-regional group of modern agricultural enterprises, supported by livestock farming and related activities.
A series of key technologies in the fields of nutrients, disease prevention and control, the establishment of the “Centre for Animal Waste Treatment and Resourceification in Guangdong Province” and the approval of a licence for the production of sapling feed additives, the construction of a well-developed system for the control of fodder, the safeguarding of the quality and safety of water and animal products, and the establishment of a well-developed system for the prevention and control of disease.
The company ' s main business structure: the company ' s operating income comes mainly from the farm sector, which achieved business income in the first half of 2021 million yuan, of which farming contributed 280 million yuan, or 41 per cent, mainly due to the fall in prices of pigs affected by the pig cycle, the decline in the Maori rate of 2 pigs, or the turning point, and the high level of elasticity of the recovery performance of the profit level
According to the United States Department of Agriculture, the world produced 95,755,000 tons of pork in 2020, of which 36.34 million, or 38 per cent, were Chinese pork, followed by the 27 countries of the European Union, with 23,219,000 tons, or 24 per cent. In 2019, China produced 540 million pigs, and in 2020, 530 million pigs.
Head, pork consumption is 41.52 million tons, a change of -7.5% from year to year, mainly affected by African pigpest, with an average annual output of around 700 million in the period 2015-2018, and pork playing a very important role in the diet of our population. A rough estimate based on an annual pork production of 55 million tons and a previous pork cycle price of 20-25 yuan/kg.
The cycle of pig production is dominated by fluctuations in the supply and demand of pigs. The current concentration of pig farming in the country is low.
At a time when the prices of pork are booming, farmers, in pursuit of profits, increase the supply of pigs and pigs, causing the prices of pigs to fall, farmers to decrease their supply, pigs to rise again, and so on. The cycle of pig production determines a complete cycle of pigs to take about three to four years, while the price of the “small cycle” fluctuates during the year due to the low season of consumption and the high season.
It takes about seven months for a pig to grow into a capable hog, and then about four months for her to grow, and after the birth of a pig, after the January-February nursing period and the subsequent May-June fertility period, to be able to go out and sell the slaughter for a minimum of 10 months from the point of conception of a pig to the birth of a pig, to some extent, as a reference to the production of pigs after 10-12 months.
In the first cycle, from July 2006 to May 2010, the prices of pigs peaked in April 2008, with a 21-month up-to-date life cycle, usually lasting about 27 months.
In July, it rebounded. A combination of high pathogenic blue ear disease, the slow pace of life pig supplementation, the difficulty of supply, and high consumption at the beginning of the spring of 08, with prices of up to $17.4 per kilogram, almost 157 per cent higher than the mid-2006 low, followed by a gradual increase in supply and a loss of market appetite for consumption as a result of thin meat.
The second cycle, from June 2010 to April 2014, saw the birth price reach a high point of $19.92/kg in September November, with a 15-month up-to-date period and 32-month down, during which no new outbreaks of infectious disease occurred, mainly as a result of supply and demand relationships, and in mid-2010 the reduction in the number of capable pigs began to occur on the supply side of the pig.
The price rebounded and then went down as a result of the recovery of capacity, with the country starting to harvest frozen pork in May 2013 reaching a peak of $21.2 per kilogram in June 2013, up to 25 months and down to 23 months. The reasons for 2014 were influenced by environmental policies, with large numbers of scattered households leaving the market, adding to the outbreak of the first half of 2015, which affected pig stocks.
High prices, followed by supply-side and demand-side downhills, accompanied by seasonal adjustments. Figure 8: Trends in pig prices (in yuan/kilograms) from 2006 to date.
In 2017, the virus entered Russia, first appeared in China in August 2018, and spread throughout the country within a month. Africa has a highly contagious swine plague, with a high mortality rate of almost 100%, and has no vaccine available for prevention and treatment, so the requirements for prevention and control are high.
In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of mainland China, when identifying cases of African pigpest, three measures are generally taken: killing, clean treatment, and the establishment and management of epidemic areas. In September 2018, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs and the Ministry of Finance issued a joint circular on the provision of subsidies for the forced killing of African pigpest.
In August 2019, according to the National Institute of Statistics, the number of live pigs and the number of live pigs rose by 9.8 per cent, and the number of live pigs rose by 9.8 per cent, respectively.
-9.1% with a gradual reduction in the post-ring ratio, the first increase of 0.6% in the number of hog-rich logs was achieved in November 2019, and the first increase of 2% in the number of pig-bearing logs in December. The Statistical Bulletin of National Economic and Social Development, 2019, showed a 27.5% decrease in the number of pig-bearing columns, 31.41 million by the end of 2019; and 544.1 million by the same date.
Before and after the month, the price of a pig was 41 yuan/kg, the highest in history, followed by high fluctuations in 2020, and the current price of a pig rebounded in early 2021. Since October this year, the price of a pig has rebounded slightly, rising from around $11/kg in early October to around $17.9/kg in early December, mainly because of demand.
Southern pickle demand is supportive of prices during the season, with winter temperatures below 10°C suitable for pickle activity, to be concentrated from the end of November to the end of the winter, slightly earlier this year, with markets increasing demand for big pigs, and supply-side tightening, driving up market prices.
At a press conference on 5 November 2021, Chen Guanghua, the head of the relevant department of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, said that the number of new pigs in the country's pig farm has increased by more than 30 million per month since March.
It's going to grow significantly, and the supply of piglets is going to be relatively surplus for some time. The number of piglets born in June and July of 21 years has increased by 39% and 33%, respectively, and the corresponding time is around New Year's and Springs, so the demand for coverage can increase better, and the prices of pork may fluctuate slightly, but the whole will remain relatively low.
From a 31.1% increase, which corresponds to the low season of consumption at the end of spring festival, the prices of pigs may be subject to minor adjustment. From the point of view of being able to grow pigs, the trend of degenerative capacity has begun to emerge, and it still takes time to clear them.
In the first half of the year, there were 45,65 million pigs, and according to the Programme for the Implementation of Production and Control of Pigs, issued by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in September, regular stocking of pigs stabilized at around 41 million, with 95-105% of the volatile zones being green and 90% red. As of October 2021, the stock of the capable pigs was approximately 4,348 million, located in yellow zones, and accounted for by the underlying factors.
Due to the effects of the African swine plague, supply was guaranteed in 19 and 20 years, there is a strategy for using the triplets as capable pigs, which are less efficient and of less quality than the traditional binary pigs, and the phase-out process will be preceded by a process of degradation of the backward capacity, which will result in structural adjustments.
The increase in the rate and the spread of science-based farming, and the increase in the number of piglets (the number of weaning pigs per pig per year) are indicators, so that the number of piglets is reduced if the number of piglets is to fall, and the number of piglets is to be reduced if other conditions are to remain unchanged. In three ways, there is a trend towards the production of piglets, and the price of future piglets remains low.
Corporate pig farming is affected by African pigpest. From the farm system, companies have taken the initiative to eliminate female pigs that are partially threatened by the non-pest virus, and the overall productive capacity has been affected.
51.90 billion yuan, a 117-fold increase in the same year, self-rearing amount of $9.90 billion, a 94 per cent increase in the same year, and the share of extra purchases in the same amount. Business is back on track, and in May 2021, the purchase of piglets was officially discontinued. The company continues to grow and grow.
By the first half of 2021, the supply of piglets had risen to 95% of the high number of piglets, with more than 1 million in stock, and some parents had built a back-up to the pig farm, creating a system for the production of pig farm pigs by their parents, thereby reducing the risk of biosafety in pig farm as a result of frequent seedings.
By the end of 2021, the number of pigs in the company is expected to rise to 1.8 million, and the cost of farming back-up is expected to gradually return, which is expected to decrease further in the future. By 2020, due to a combination of factors such as the high cost of out-sourcing pigs, the low productivity of triple-dollar pigs, the cost of vaccinations, and the cost of surrogates, the cost of farming pigs has increased significantly.
As disclosed in the annual report, the operating cost of the meat pig business was $32.17 billion, with a Māori rate of 30.6 per cent, with a rough estimate of the first operating cost at $9.55 million per column, compared to an interactive question-and-answer period of 2017-2019, where the company indicated that the full cost of the meat pig was approximately $22-23 per kilogram in 2020 and the full cost in the first quarter of 21 years.
The company’s full-cost caliber consists mainly of the cost of pig seedlings, feed costs, medication costs, maintenance costs, etc., and does not include the death of pigs.
Unit cost-sharing has increased; 3) partially lost capacity in the north due to the winter epidemic. The number of out-of-country pigs has decreased significantly since May, and the company's full cost has been effectively controlled since May, dropping to around $17.5/kg by the end of the first half of the year. Compared to 20 years, the cost per kilogram has been reduced by about $5 per kilogram and will be folded in the future.
In summary, the companies are significantly affected by the African pigpest, and the indicators have recovered, and the market space has become more flexible. Efficiently able to increase the share of pigs, productively repaired, companies no longer buying pigs, fully cost-effectively controlled, profitable.
In the future, there will be room for growth.3 Farming has been scaled up, and the production of pigs has become more concentrated.
In five years, the share of large-scale and medium-sized farms rose from 45 per cent to 62 per cent, with a reduction in the number of scattered households reducing the total number of pig farms from 50 million to 26 million, and an increase in the number of large-scale farms with 50,000 per year.
Shareholdings, Farming, Tinkang Beasts, Tang Mangang, Peking Beasts, Kim New Farms have increased in proportion to the total number of live pigs. In 2020, the total number of live pigs in the country was 530 million, while the total number of registered pig farmers in the country was 6396 million, representing the government’s emphasis on environmental protection, making it difficult for the diaspora to meet the requirements.
According to China’s 700 million pigs per year, approximately 1.4 billion tons of excreta per year are generated, which places a heavy burden on the environment when the government does not have strict treatment requirements. Since 2014, however, the government has put in place a series of environmental policies on farming, including the construction of animal and faecal treatment facilities around farms and small farming areas, and the division of restricted areas.
In terms of the model, the company uses two parallel models of farming: the company plus base, which it imports.
Eviction of cattle, through improved breeds and scientific farming techniques: “Corporate + co-operative + farm households” model of co-operatives, companies providing good seedling calfs and technical support, government subsidies and financial support, cooperatives forming thousands of sizes, close bridging mechanisms with the proliferation of cattle, reducing the risk of farming, and farmers' encouragement of experience and foundation.