Starwoo shares (601799.sh) Product upgrades, client transformations and the potential of global headlights project volumes, and corporate collections outperform industry by 7.9 pct (car output as compared to 6.4 per cent).
The front lights have been continuously upgraded from led-adb-dlp, with the company headlights estimated at 15% in 2022. Carlights have product upgrade space as a core visual device for cars, and industry prices have increased annually.
In 2021, the city accounted for 14.6 per cent, compared to +0.3 pct. In 2022, new orders, new productions, new products continued to break through.
Forty-one vehicle-type light development projects, resulting in 23 new vehicle-type project approvals, and a new high-quality Star Stock (601799.sh) - strategic collaboration with Horizon to advance the `Bank Project', which provides a strong guarantee for the future development of the company.
SONG (601799.sh) - The company intends to buy back its shares to stimulate it, continuously recommends that the R & D Centre be partially operational, smart industry gardening plant, stage five, etc. construction projects are well under way, and SONG shares (601799.sh) - net profit increases of 75% over the same three-quarter period.
On the product side, in recent years, the company has intensified the development and application of new technology for carlights, including dlp smart front lights based on dmd technology, hd smart front lights based on microlled technology, microlled/mini based shares in Starwoo (601799.sh) - net profit growth of about 75 per cent in the first three quarters, net interest rate
Leed technology's pixel display of interactive lamps, development of carlight controller hcm/rcm/lcu, molten one, Share in Stars (601799.sh) - Second Quarterly Māori Ring upgrade, new energy orders, development of body-smart driving-related products, etc.
Taking into account the impact of price wars on downstream vehicle sales, we have revised our profit projections downwards, and are expected to figure 2: a single-quarter operating income from the stockholdings of Starwoo and the same-year-on-the-year increase in the distribution of sub-products from the point of view of output, light, rear light, light, triangulation signs, control, 2022 years ago.
The production of the manufacturer was 693/1431/3631/1248,000, with variations of the same ratio 703/1459/361.298,000 lamps, triangle signs and controller sales, respectively, with variations of the same ratio Management, with varying degrees of ring increase in R & D cost rates (of which the sales cost ratio was +2.5pc), net
The increase in the Division ' s sales cost rate of 2022q4 is mainly attributable to a secondary factor resulting from an increase in the cost of after-sale services in the current period as compared to the previous period. The increase in the company ' s sales cost ratio of 20204 is mainly attributable to an increase in the cost of after-sale services in the current period as compared to the previous period.
The increase in R & D costs and the increase in the same ring ratio is mainly due to the increase in the remuneration of current-period employees and in research and development materials.
Overall, 20204 stock customers have fallen, and the incremental pattern is concentrated in autonomous brands such as Chirre. In 2022, the growth rate was 4.2 per cent for the Starbucks, 3.4 per cent for the cars, and 0.9 per cent for the car industry. The growth rate was 1.45 per cent for the 2022q4 Starbucks, 6.42 per cent for the cars and 6.42 per cent for the companies.
In 2022, according to the data on the output of the Sino-Associación industry, the output of the public, the Toyota, the Red Flag, the Volkswagen and the Autonomy, the Volkswagen and the Volkswagen, Chirí, the East Wind and the East Bank, respectively, was as high as it was. 202,04, the Volkswagen, the Toyota, the Red Flag, the Volkswager and the Autonomy, respectively, were above the same scale.
At the end of the industry, the technology trend is towards electronicization and intellectualization. For front lights, with the spread of pre-led lights, the front lights are developed towards adb, hd-adb, and dlp.
Information exchange, personal vehicle interaction, etc.. Post-combined lamps, with separate post-combined lamps heading through the trajectories. There is a clear trend in the development of the lights, which increases the size of the vehicle's tail lights, makes the whole car more beautiful and secure. Small lights, with consumer-specific demands, are new.
At the same time, car dressing lights, such as logo lamps and lighting grids, are increasingly being used by major companies, product dimensions are strengthening new technology development applications, customer dimensions are constantly increasing the opening of new energy vehicle-type projects, companies are enhancing the development and application of new technologies, and synergies are taking place through the industrial chain (Raon soft horizons,
On the one hand, in recent years, the company has stepped up the development and application of new technology in carlights and introduced new products such as a carlight controller, a "loose as one" solution. The new technology development direction of the company’s current product consists of dlp headlights based on dmd technology, hd headlamps based on microlled technology, and microlled/miniled technology.
Figure 16: Backlight controllers
On the other hand, on October 15, 2021, a strategic cooperation agreement was formally signed in Hangzhou between Changzhou Starlight and Ion SoftTech Ltd., which will be based on the design of rainbow soft technology for smart visual systems, the use of optical sensors, the integration of system software and the ability to develop innovations in whole-shelter visual algorithms and applications.
In addition, the horizons had previously announced the completion of the c3 rounds of $350 million.
On February 16, 2022, Changzhou Starlight Inc. and Hua Tsang Ltd. held a signing ceremony in Dong Ying, China, to sign a letter of intent to cooperate in light-lighted smart-caring operations. According to the agreement, both sides will issue a letter of intent.
The two sides work together to build a strong strategic partnership for sustainable development, from design to manufacturing delivery end-to-end capabilities, leading the development of the smart car light industry, and creating a continuous lead intelligence in industry.
We believe that dlp projector lamps and adb lights are entering the market as a matter of course. This is both an opportunity and a challenge for the traditional lights industry, where the industrial chain is particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the light industry.
Enterprises such as chips, software algorithms, based on their traditional structural, optical and electronic designs, are expected to continue to take the lead in the development of forward-looking products, widening the gap between the brands of other autonomous cars in the country.
On 15 February 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed in Changzhou between Starwoo shares and Horizon, announcing that the core base would be the Car Code Chip Plus Algorithm, based on the accumulation of many years of experience in the field of intellectual manufacturing, with the entry point being the Portfolio, with the objective of “compliance with car regulations, production and delivery” as operational cooperation objectives,
The horizons have previously announced the completion of the c3 rounds of $350 million in financing to secure strategic support for a large number of car industry firms, including the Sorbonne shares, both upstream and downstream.
The Seng Woo solution, developed on the basis of the horizon drive ~3 car-size chip, has been officially identified by a head car company in the country and is expected to produce in 2023. The solution uses only a single inch ~3 with a sensor configuration of 5r6v, making it easier to achieve a level 12+ car support, including variant aids; and
At the same time, by optimizing software and algorithms, calculating the time-to-time reuse of resources can be achieved by integrating parking aids, such as parking, on the same soc chip. The program, through unique software architecture design, fully exploits the potential of a journey to enhance product competitiveness at high cost, thereby enabling more entry-type end-users to experience it.
Favourable access to mooring support. Figure 22: Following up on the "Mobble as One" solution based on the horizon drive ~3 car-size chip development, the suspense shares will further expand the sequence of intellectually driven products.
The development of the intelligent vision controller is being synchronized with the traditional smart camera, the Star-based research and development experience of 30 years in the area of car lights, which will integrate visual sensing techniques and smart light control, giving the lights a stronger sense and interactive ability to upgrade their product.
The high-calculus computing platform products of the serial chip series are also ready for launch and will support piloting at the functional level for high-level intellectual and intellectual applications, such as driving aids, memory parking, smart light control. Based on the serial chip series and other intelligent driving frontier technologies, the horizons develop "one berth" for the stars.
This strategic collaboration will fully facilitate the integration of multi-domain operations, jointly actively explore intelligent front-line technologies, and develop market-led smart cars.
Order dimensions, high-quality new projects, provide a strong guarantee for companies’ future development. In 2022, the company took over 41 vehicle-type light development projects, resulting in 23 new vehicle-type project batches.
From 1 January to 15 March 2022, the company took orders for new projects in the order of RMB 4 billion. According to the lights, new orders were made on a continuous basis, with the competitiveness of their products, providing a strong guarantee for the future development of the company.
In the first half of 2022, the company accounted for about 40% of the new energy vehicle projects, and the quality of the new projects provided a strong guarantee for the company’s future development. Currently, the company’s clients cover a single-voltage population, the upper-air population, the upper-air general, Daimler, the German BMW, the general-purpose automobile, the upper-air Toyota, the larger-air Toyota, the more developed and the more developed.
Aerobics Honda, Dong Feng Honda, Chang Anmazuta, a red flag, a car, a car, a car freeing, Gilly, a car-in-air Mitsubishi, a car-in-car, a car-in-car, a car-in-car, a car-in-law, a car-in-law car, a car-in-law car, a car-in-a-kind car, a car-in-a-kind car, etc.
On 14 July 2022, the Global Partnership Assembly of the Visioned Car 2022 was held in Changzhou, where Starwood was invited to participate as a strategic partner of the ideal automobile and was awarded the "Riprostom Award" for the year 2022.
On March 14th, 2023, the Toyota Award for Quality was awarded to the Toyota stock. The Quality Award is the highest award ever given to the supplier by Hiroto, and is highly qualified. It represents the high recognition of the quality of the product and professional efficiency of the Toyota stock.
Figure 23: Ideal Top Award for Ideal Motors, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, Quality Award
The company’s electronic and lighting research and development centre for automobiles is now partially operational, and construction projects, such as the smart industry gardening plant and the fifth phase, are well under way.
Short- and short-term dimensions, coupled with downstream new vehicle-type projects, the company's 2022q4 harvests outperformed the industry by 7.87 pct (mortality of vehicle output - 6.42%). Medium- and long-term dimensions, new orders from the share of the planet + new products + new products + new products + performance protection. Client dimensions, currently happy with the Japanese system (take the next Toyota to compete award).
In the first half of 2022, the company received about 40 per cent of the number of new vehicle-type projects, and throughout 2022, the company took over 41 vehicle-type light development projects.
Implementation of 23 new vehicle-type project batches, high-quality new projects, high-quality new projects for the future development of the company provides strong security; production dimensions, company electronics and lighting research and development centres are partially operational, smart industry gardening plants, stage five construction projects, etc. are well advanced; product dimensions, adb continuous penetration (infiltration)
The penetration rate rose from less than 2 per cent in 2019 to 6 per cent in 2020, and with new technologies such as dlp projector lamps and ddb lights coming into the market, the Star has strengthened new technology development applications, the high-resolution digital light was developed in the first half of 2022, the c-ncap high rating was successful and the company continued to promote the adb, dlp and atmosphere.
On February 15, 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed between the Star and Horizons in Changzhou to jointly promote the volume of production of the "Mooring One Solution" and the Stars shares are based on the Horizon Race 3 Car Code chip study.
The “one berth” solution has been officially targeted by a domestic head car company, expected to produce in 2023. In 2023, the company is expected to achieve a performance resonance with the release of new products such as vehicle-type orders plus overseas factories plusadb and the “one berth” solution.
On the long lanes, we take steps toward high-end (Japanese, German) and globalisation (Serbian construction) and, in the larger context of the rise of autonomous brands and new powers, we actively explore new clients of the dominant and new powers, with a long logic. Given the impact of the price war on the sale of downstream vehicles, we make a profit.
Comparable company valuation: we select Burtley, also with import substitution logic; Ko Boda, the core standard of the chain of lights industry; Tupou Group, a leading player in soundproofing, to conduct comparable corporate valuations (comparable market value levels or close to industry), with four comparable companies with an average of about 22 times the average perpe in 2024. We update the one-year view of Starwoo.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject