The headlights have been upgraded, and the point of performance growth has reached the depth of the Starwoo stock (601799) report, February 27, 2023.
The company is an independent supplier. The company is mainly engaged in research and development, design, manufacturing and marketing of carlights. It is mainly oriented towards the car factory ' s auxiliary market (oem). The products include front lights, front lights, rear lights, rear lights, fog lights, daylights, indoor lights, the atmosphere.
The company is at the forefront of the industry in terms of R & D teams, R & D inputs, and R & D facilities, building on the combined advantages of technology R & D and scale production, and establishing strong partnerships with a wide range of clients, including Europe, Japan, the United States, autonomous brands and new forces.
With technological advances and lower costs, the lighting source has been upgraded from a common incandescent lamp to a semiconductor laser lamp, which has been fully optimized in terms of light intensity, life expectancy, energy consumption, etc. At the same time, the technical content of the lamp has improved.
High value-added products, thus increasing the Māori rate. As intelligent drivers continue to develop, afs, adb, dlp and so on, car lights have gradually moved from traditional safety features to intelligent ones. Combined with ar-hud, give drivers more in the driving process.
Driving assistive information. The bicycle value of the headlights will continue to rise, with market space for the headlights, profit water roe (ttm) company clients rich in resources. With technological advantages and product quality advantages, companies become a minority.
In December, the lowest price (in dollars) for domestic products of lamps was for major joint ventures and auto-manufacturing plants and autonomous brands, as well as for new forces.
At the same time, the coverage of the company’s households has been extended to autonomous brands and new car-making forces, with a rapid increase in the number and proportion of new energy vehicle projects, with companies taking over new energy vehicle-type projects in the first half of 2022.
About 40%. The rich customer resources are conducive to the diversification of the company, effectively reducing the business risks associated with the volatility of the entire mainframe plant, making the company ' s future business more robust. The net profit growth point has come. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved 59.64 per cent of its operating income.
The company’s net profits are on the rise. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved 754 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
Investment suggests that companies are the leading firms in the design and manufacture of domestic car headlights. As the lights industry becomes intelligent, the value added of products continues to increase, and companies are actively expanding new ones.
The energy automobile project, where companies are expected to achieve a substantial increase in their performance. The company is expected to become a leading firm for every car light in 2022-2024, with a total of 1.1 years of intensive farming covered by a joint venture of new and autonomous energy clients, focusing on the domestic lights market.
The Changzhou Starlight Company Ltd., established in 1993 and headquartered in the State High Technology Industry Development Area of Changzhou City, is a leading enterprise in the design and manufacture of the country's full-scale vehicle lamp package, mainly for the development, design, manufacture and sale of vehicle (mainly by car) lamps, mainly for the complete vehicle apparel market (oem) and the main package of products.
After three decades of deep farming in the industry, the company has subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Fuoshan, Changchun, and abroad in Germany and Japan.
The company currently has a total surface area of 941,000 square metres, with a lamp, a combination of lamps, small lamps, electronics, molds, and a manufacturing plant for the manufacture of industrial appliances, with an annual total of 80 million car lamps of all types, and a family-type enterprise, with Ms. Xiaoping Zhou as of 2022h1, the actual controlling person and the controlling shareholder being Ms. Xiaoping Zhou.
Mr. Zhou has a direct share of 12.22% of the company, a paternity relationship between Mr. Zhou and Mr. Zhou Xiaoping, 60% and 40% respectively of the Changzhou Siuyu Investment Management Corporation, and 6.19% of the company ' s shares through the Chang State Siuyu Investment Management Corporation.
The company has seven wholly-owned subsidiaries, both within and outside the country, with a clear division of labour between the spouses, of which Gilling and Fuoshan are mainly engaged in the manufacture and sale of car lamps, Changzhou Star is mainly involved in the development of electronic components of automobiles, and Hong Kong and Europe is mainly involved in the market for motor vehicles and truck lamps.
Development and customer relationship maintenance, supplier relationship maintenance, technology project management, industry information gathering, etc., Japan’s Starwood is mainly involved in the manufacture of car parts and components, technology development related to manufacturing design performance, marketing, import/export, manufacturing equipment, tools, molds, etc. Import and export operations. Serbia’s Starwood is mainly involved in the manufacture and sale of lighting lamps, plastic parts, etc.
Benefiting from the rapid development of the domestic automobile manufacturing industry chain, corporate revenue consists of a large proportion of domestic sales by region, supported by offshore sales. 2018-2022h1 accounts for 87.96 per cent of domestic sales and 1.2 for strong cooperative relationships with multiple downstream customers.
The company has a complete autonomous R & D system that includes the design and development of carlight products, electronic design development, engineering-specific design, modelling design, cutting-edge technology development, etc., and is industry-led in terms of R & D teams, R & D inputs, and R & D facilities. Based on the company’s combined advantages in technology R & D and scalding production, the company and many others
Clients have a strong partnership with the entire industry of Europe, Japan, the United States, autonomous brands and new forces, including the general public, the public, the general public, Daimler, the German BMW, the General Motors, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Hoshida, the Hiroshida, the Toshida, the Chumada, the red flag and the saloon.
As the auto industry “triple” has evolved, companies have continued to expand access to new energy customers and related projects in line with industry trends.
In the first half of the year, the number of new energy vehicle projects undertaken by companies accounted for about 40 per cent, and with the rapid development of new energy vehicles, figure 4: Corporate client profiles.
2.1 The technological changes in light sources drive the upgrading of car lamps, which, with technological advances and lower costs, have undergone a number of generations of technological changes, and can be divided into five, the first generation of light being fuel lighting using such fuels as candles, kerosene, acetylene, etc.
The second generation of light is incandescent lamps, halogen lamps. Incandescent lamps transform from electric to light, with qualitative improvements in lighting, stability, longevity, etc., while incandescent lamps travel through productive life.
The scale effect of diffusion has significantly reduced production costs. Starting in the 1920s, car lamps entered the incandescent light age. In 1962, the German Heila company invented a halogen light bulb, the essence of which was a incandescent lamp that added halogen gas. It allows evaporated tungsten to be re-slipped to the lamp wire through chemical reactions, thereby extending its useful life.
The third generation of light is the aphid (hid). As the modern transport environment changes and the requirements for car safety and environmental protection are increasing, the shortcomings of halogen lamps are becoming apparent. First, the light is not bright enough, and because the speed of cars is increasing, in the evening and in the low visibility environment, lack of light creates a safety hazard. Second, it is capable of doing so.
Once again, halogen lamps have a shorter useful life, their light is based on tungsten wires, tungsten wires, loss during high temperatures, and therefore halogen lamps usually have a shorter life than the whole vehicle. In the 1990s, aphid lamps began to enter the carlight market, and aphid lamps overcome the shortcomings of halogen lamps with short life expectancy, high energy consumption and low brightness.
The fourth generation of light is semiconductor luminous diodes (led). Led does not generate heat from electricity, which causes the body to heat and light, but directly converts it into light. Because hed must be used with high-pressure triggers.
The difficulty of installing it is more complex to match the color temperature. Compared to the hid lamp, the ed light is less energy-consuming, longer-lived, smaller in size, faster in response, and does not require high-pressure triggers. In addition, the ed lamp will be used not only as a light, but also as a signal outlet to convey the status of the vehicle and the driver. As technology matures and costs are reduced, the current technology is reduced.
The fifth generation of light is semiconductor laser diodes. The semiconductor laser diodes are more bright, more light, more light, more distant, less energy and smaller in size. Laser lighting is the cutting edge technology in car lighting, BMW.
Audi, the world's leading car manufacturer, has already taken the lead in launching a car with a laser lamp. Since the total cost of a laser lamp system is more than $10,000, which is several times that of a led, this type of lamp is currently equipped with only 2.2 high ends for intelligent driving, and the lights track is upgraded.
As the automobile industry “triple” shifts, driving the lights industry into a new direction, car lamps will move from traditional functional security devices to electronic, intelligent, interactive. Carlight systems are becoming an executive end in the field of smart driving, leading to intelligent scenes, and forward lighting systems have evolved into afs, adb, dlp, etc.
A more secure lighting function can be achieved, with traffic lights exchanged through projectors and screens, human vehicle interactions, cross-cutting front and grid lights applied and expanded, and new ways to interact with human vehicles. afs, adb helpers to improve car safety lighting. Traditional lighting systems face complex road conditions and special scenes.
There are many challenges: there are lighting blinds at turns, speeds and downhills, vehicles overlap with pedestrian lights, and there are different lighting needs in rural, urban, and highway travel. As part of the active safety system for passenger vehicles, the afs system and the adb system have been used effectively to address these questions.
. Afs consists of four parts: sensors, electronic control units (ecu), carlight control systems, and forward lights. When working, sensors, including angle sensors, speed sensors, transmit signals through the control device local area network (can) into the ecu, after which the ecu processes the data, export the header turn-around instructions to the carlight control system and turn the headlights around.
An angle. With a car with afs, seven modes of lighting can be achieved: rural road patterns, highway models, urban road patterns, bad weather patterns, travel patterns, headlights, dashboard failure instructions. The main function of adb is to improve the safety of night meetings and to protect pedestrians.
When you gather images and enter image signals, the system can determine the location and distance of the forward vehicle and send instructions to the front car lighting system to convert them to action on and off the led matrix. As a result, adb automatically adjusts the light irradiation area during meetings to avoid showing off for incoming vehicles. There are currently two ways to achieve this: matrix and pixel.
Pixels can be understood as arrays with more particles and more detailed partitions, but because of their high cost, the matrix adb is now more common.
dlp technology gives new ways of intelligent interaction. dlp is called digital light processing. It is a technology derived from digital microscopic components (dmd) developed by the Texas Corporation for Instrumentation in the United States that achieves visible digital information with high pixels, high resolution, programmable features, etc., initially used in the industrial field, and then applied to car lamps for more interactive functions. dlp lamps
Using its high-pixel high-resolution properties, it achieves the functions of a matrixed large lamp, combined with programmable features, to achieve high-resolution projectors. The current industry tends to combine aar-hud to achieve a wide range of functions such as projecting zebra lines, pedestrian tracking tips, low-speed transition aids, blind zone diversion alerts, trajectories predictions, vehicle tracking masks, etc.
The company took over projects in 2021, including adb headlights, dlp headlights, and carlight controllers, totalling approximately $13.5 billion, and is expected to start contributing revenues and profits in 2023, with the help company opening a secondary growth curve.
Traditional fuel engines are gradually replaced by electric machines, with the removal of the gas grid function in the front of the vehicle, which makes the entire front area of the vehicle more uniform and allows for light to be produced, and new types of lights, such as grids, rings, interactive lights, etc., are to be delivered. There is a clear trend in the future towards a cross-cutting and holistic orientation of the front of the vehicle, with product functions.
Some of the new power mainframes, autonomous brand hosts, luxury brand cars, with cross-sectional front lights, grid lights as a point of light. In the case of pelican cars, all the models under the flag of pelican cars are home-style, front-line lights, and car-type price zones cover $14.89-349.9 million, adding a sense interactive function while increasing visibility.
In order to respond to the promising development prospects of the cross-cutting front lights, the company proposes to invest 750 million yuan in the construction of the “Smart Productions Five Phases” project, the main product of which is the cross-cutting whole front lights in the area of electric cars, including starlights, gridlights and both types of products, using the Led model light source, which is expected to produce annual starlights after the birth of the project.
Half a million grids and half a million grids. 2.3 Automobile industry transitions, smart driving moves towards a period of rapid growth.
Tens of thousands of vehicles, 120 per cent and 113.9 per cent, respectively, respectively, completed the sale of 7,058,000 new domestic energy vehicles in 2022, an increase of 96.9 per cent and 93.4 per cent respectively, respectively, despite the withdrawal of the new energy subsidy policy in 2023, are expected to maintain a high growth in the new energy automobile industry chain in 2023, further pushing the automobile industry towards electricity.
Figure 10: Monthly sales of new energy vehicles in 2021-2022 and transition to electrification in the automobile industry further advance the development of intelligent driving.
So new energy cars break the technical barriers to conventional fuel motors and provide the potential for higher levels of intelligence. The ultimate goal of intelligence is to achieve unmanned driving, which depends on high-level intelligent driving support systems (adas) and inter-vehicle communications (v2x). Limited by current technological levels and regulations, only capable.
As a key component of the executive end of the smart driving system, the lights industry is gradually shifting to a smart driving track to expand the space available to independent suppliers for industry development.
Carlight manufacturing companies are very closely linked to the whole of the car. Several of the larger ones have a long history of growth, which has accompanied the development of the whole car manufacturing enterprise. As the joint venture brand has entered the domestic market and localized production, it has led to the follow-up of the assistive car lighting providers and the establishment of local manufacturing.
Bases, such as mini-lights, Fareo, Stanley, etc. In addition, the in-house car-lighting industry started to provide domestic capital, the whole car-making enterprise with an acillary product, and, through long-term and sustained efforts, increased its technological strength and, on the other hand, took advantage of its local advantages and cost advantages and made rapid progress, now occupying most of its commercial vehicles and autonomous products.
The share of the market in the cars, a small number of car-lighting companies, represented by the share in Starwood, have gradually entered the joint venture-making enterprise ' s car-lighting apparel market, competing with the foreign-owned lamp-making enterprise. Although the joint-brand-lighting enterprise entered the joint brand-shareding supplier system earlier, it held the majority of the market share, but the autonomous brand was based on its geographical advantages and costs.
At the same time, the development and production capacities of autonomous brands are increasing, and the gap with joint brands is gradually closing. As the cost- and quality-oriented localized procurement strategies of the joint branding enterprises become increasingly clear and efficient, the local branding firms are fast-tracked.
According to China’s Industrial Information Network, China’s share of the market in the automotive lighting industry in 2020 was 28% for China, 12% for Heila, 12% for small players, 11% for Stanley, and 9% for asterisks.
Fareo accounts for 7% and 21% of the rest of the country’s market share.
The long-term partner of the German vehicle, Changchun Haira, is a fixed partnership that allows light manufacturers to obtain more stable orders, while limiting their ability to expand to other cars. Companies compete as independent suppliers, with more flexible distribution channels and relatively wider market space.
In recent years, the head effects of the autolight industry have become apparent, mainly because of the increasing complexity of the structure of the products concerned, the increasing requirements for the technology and the consequent increased cost of the corresponding inputs required, which has made it increasingly difficult for small and medium-sized manufacturers to participate in the front-loading market. Cost changes will make it more difficult for small and medium-sized light enterprises with insufficient R & D capabilities.
Big business pressures, and leading firms can take advantage of their market position, R & D capabilities, and sell higher-value-added products. Autolights have also gradually expanded from their original simple lighting function to modeling, and intelligent development has strengthened corporate competitiveness and expanded regional control of new areas.
The company is a small group of companies that are also major joint ventures and car manufacturers and autonomous firms.
In 2022, of China’s 10 companies, one was a customer for the public, one for the public, one for the public, one for the general public, one for the Jili, one for the gas industry, one for the Toyota industry, one for the gas industry and one for the general Mitsubishi industry.
From 2017 to 2020h1, the total amount of a single gas mass sale was more than 30% of the total sales in each period, representing the company’s core clientele. In 2020h1, the top five clients of the company and their respective sales accounted for 39.04% of the total, 11.09%, 7.30%, 6.18%, and 6.01%, respectively.
Breaking down a 1.5 million-dollar car factory, with a public high sales base that guarantees the sale of the company's products, a popular car, a Toyota, a Toyota, a car, a red flag, and another.
In 2021, as a result of a shortage of chips, there was a high volatility in mass sales. Entering into 2021q4, the shortage of chips eased, and group sales recovered. In March-April 2022, affected by the spread of the Changchun epidemic, the main production base of the group was temporarily suspended, and there was a decline in sales. In the second half of 2022, with the chip, there was a drop in sales.
Shortfalls and the spread of the epidemic are effectively controlled, and group sales are expected to recover growth, leading to higher sales by upstream suppliers of spare parts. At the same time, a mass is actively pushing the group electrification transition and the group sales growth can be sustained in 2023.
The client coverage of the company further extended to autonomous brands and new driving forces, with a rapid increase in the number and proportion of new energy vehicle projects, which accounted for about 40 per cent of the number of new energy vehicle projects undertaken by the company in the first half of 2022.
3.2 Together with the horizon, it will promote a single flow of land. According to the horizon official news, the horizon will enter into a strategic cooperation agreement with the shares of the stars.
Chip+Arithmetic is the core base, with the operational cooperation objective of “conforming with car requirements, achieving mass production, meeting delivery” to leverage the advantages of their respective fields, and to jointly advance the production of the “loose as one” solution, and to help move as one mind.
The program uses only a single inch ~3 chip with a 5r6v sensor configuration to achieve the L2+ level car support, including variant aids. At the same time, optimized software and algorithms to achieve the time-use reuse of computing resources, allowing the integration of parking aids, such as parking, to be achieved on the same soc chip.
The program fully exploits the potential of a 3-car-class chip to enhance product competitiveness with high value for money, thereby enabling more end-users of entry vehicles to experience the mobility support. The company indicates that the sequence of intelligent driving products will be further expanded.
The development of an intelligent vision controller for the chip is progressing in synchronisation. At the same time, a high-calculation platform product with a multi-range series of chips is also being developed simultaneously. At the functional level, it will support high-level smart driving and smart control applications such as pilot-assisted driving, memory parking, intelligence light control.
The rapid development of solutions such as a single berth, smart lights, and so on. Through the enhancement of the horizon’s soc chips and perception algorithms, the company’s ability to continuously improve the competitiveness of its products in the field of intelligent driving, from design to manufacturing delivery, has been enhanced.
On 14 January 2023, the company issued a repurchase report on the repurchase of the company's shares in the form of a centralized competitive transaction, with the total amount of the repurchase being capped at 120 million yuan, representing the company's total assets and the net assets belonging to the shareholders of the listed company.
A new round of equity incentive schemes by companies reflecting their confidence in future development prospects and recognition of the value of the company has helped to motivate management and core staff, bringing together employee and corporate interests more closely, enhancing corporate cohesion and contributing to sustainable corporate development.
With a steady growth in the size of the business, net profits will grow by 15.95% per year. Corporate business income will grow steadily, and the scale effect of product structure optimization and business expansion will result in a sustained increase in profitability.
Infiltration to medium- and high-end brands is continuing, and it is expected that companies will continue to grow in size in the future, with higher levels of profitability. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved $5,964 million, an increase of 5.41 per cent compared to the previous quarter, mainly affected by the epidemic, a temporary suspension of their downstream customers in the first half of the year, and corporate growth was under pressure. 2022q3, companies.
The sales volume increased by 1.96 million headlights, 54.3 per cent over the same period and 45.2 per cent over the same period; then the combined lights increased by 4.1 million over the same period, 36.2 per cent over the same period and 43.4 per cent over the same period; and the small lamps increased by 1.51 million only, 50.6 per cent over the same year, and 47.7 per cent over the same period.
11.60 billion yuan, or 37.79 per cent of the annual compound growth, largely benefited from the growth of new corporate orders and a steady rise in corporate performance, as a result of the rise in the price of the company’s main raw materials, while the cost of labour and manufacturing increased more and investment in R & D increased. The net profit on corporate repatriation hit a turning point in 2022, and the firm achieved a net return in the first three quarters of 2022.
Customer sales have been continuously repaired to boost the growth of corporate profits. Net profits from corporate withholdings in the first three quarters of 2022 amounted to $679 million, an increase of 1.95 per cent in the same year, and net profits from firm 2022q3 amounted to $272 million, an increase of 87.66 per cent in the same year.
Optimization, technology upgrading, adding value to products. In 2021, corporate Māori rates and net interest rates fell by 5.22 pct and 3.83 pct, respectively, respectively, as a result of the price of raw materials, rising labour costs and increased R&D inputs.
The ring raises 1.35 pct, corporate profitability is evident, and Maori rates and net interest rates are better restored. 4.3 Research and development inputs continue to increase, with a slight increase in cost over the period. The steady increase in amortization costs is due to a reduction in the three packages after sale.
In terms of management cost rates, corporate management rates were relatively stable from 2018 to 2020, with three-year management rates increasing the capacity of plants to expand and management costs increasing, and in the first three quarters of 2021 and 2022, respectively, the Division had a strong autonomous R & D and core production technology in the area of carlights and a full test detection capability.
The company’s financial cost rate has fluctuated significantly over the last five years. The company’s financial cost rate increased significantly in 2021, mainly as a result of increased interest on remoldable debt.
0.02 per cent, mainly as a result of the non-transferable interest overhang and the increase in exchange rate earnings during the period. 4.4 Operating capacity is within reasonable range, maintaining a stronger solvency. Corporate receivables rose significantly in the first three quarters of 2020-2022.
The model has remained stable, with company clients mainly made of well-known car manufacturers such as the public, the Toyota and the Chirre cars, with low recovery risks, one-year-old, and a larger overall size. Client credit is good for German, Japanese joint venturers, and autonomous brands.
The increase in inventory during the first three quarters was marked by a brief decrease in the share of net assets in supply and an increase in the closing balance of the inventory, which resulted in a decrease in the inventory turnover rate.
Bank borrowing, coupled with rising stock levels, leaves the company within reasonable limits of its short-term solvency. 4.5 Cash flow performance of corporate operations generally has been positive for the first three quarters of 2018-2022.
Step-by-step growth and sales returns have performed well, with companies performing well in cash flows for their business activities. Between 2020 and the third quarter of 2022, companies increased their capacity to expand and invest in existing technological adaptations, maintaining a net outflow of investment-based cash flows. In 2020, companies issued transhipments, and there was a significant inflow of cash flows for financing.
In the first three quarters of 2022, corporate cash flows, investment cash flows, fund-raising cash flows of 1,364 million yuan, -848 million yuan and -318 million yuan, the operating cash flow structure of the Division was repaired and the operating cash flow was able to cover investment expenditures.
The company is mainly engaged in the development, design, manufacture and marketing of car lamps, which are oriented towards the whole company's auxiliary market (oem). The company chooses to develop its own supplier, with a rich customer base covering the new forces of German, Japanese, American, autonomous brands and car construction. From an industry perspective, the trend of car lamps to smart driving lanes is gradually emerging, from traditional security.
As technology upgrades, carlights become more powerful, product value added increases, and market space is expected to expand. With the rapid development of new energy vehicles, smart lights are promising.
As of the first half of 2022, the number of new energy vehicle projects undertaken by companies was about 40 per cent. Together with the horizon, we have developed a one-stop solution that integrates car and parking support algorithms on the same chip and effectively improves resource utilization.
The company has been officially targeted by a domestic head-car company based on a one-stop solution, which is expected to produce in 2023 and contribute revenue. (1) The volume of new energy automobile sales falls short of the expected risk that the automobile industry will be more affected by macroeconomics if the future global economy is to prevail.
The deterioration of the macroeconomic situation in the country, the decline in the temperature of the automobile industry and the decline in the sale of automobiles will have a negative impact on the operation of the auto parts and components business. (2) Business management risks: the size of the company ' s assets and the size of its operations will continue to expand, in terms of management, resource consolidation, and the management of its assets.
If the company fails to further upgrade its management, management processes, and internal control systems, there will be some risk to the company’s overall operations. The formula ensures that the Māori rate increases or stabilizes, or increases the Māori rate by increasing its market share at the higher end.
(4) Technology R & D risks: If a company's technology R & D direction is biased against the technological development trends of the industry, changes in market demand, or lags behind technological developments and changes in market demand, it will place the company in competition with a risk profile that is not higher than the “medium- and low-risk” profile, and “stable” investors are suitable for risk levels that are not higher than the “medium-risk” level.
“Positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.