The semi-annual performance forecast for 2021 continues to look forward to the future of the company, Robbin.
Events: The company issued an advance announcement on its performance for the first half of 2021, which projected a net return profit for the first half of the year compared with its performance for the first half of the year. The company expects a faster increase in its net return profit for the first half of the year 2021 compared to the same period last year. The company ' s performance grew faster in the first half of the year, with the first quarter of 2020 experiencing an epidemic on the one hand.
Impact, some of the projects have been under-executed, and income and profits have been low over the same period of the previous year; on the other hand, the need for the Bo Wuji manufacturing project and external information and automation projects has increased, leading to the first half of the year's income and benefits, which have been well developed and are looking forward to the company.
The company’s performance is expected to increase further with the delivery of the above-mentioned projects. With regard to software development, the company has been working on iron and steel information for many years, and Mes software has outperformed the market in the country’s steel industry.
50% of the industry is well-established, followed by information-based transformation and integration within the group that is expected to continue to benefit, while keeping in view the company’s continuous break-through of orders from the group’s external steel companies. Investment proposal: maintain a recommended rating. We continue to look at the company’s development prospects, idc and others.
Businesses such as software development will continue to drive rapid growth in corporate performance. The company’s rating system’s “market index” reference is expected to be 300 indexes.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.