Industrial Internet +idc is a two-wheel drive, contributing to a sustained and rapid growth in performance in the first half of the year, benefiting from the continued landing of new technology applications such as 5g, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, big data, rapidly rising downstream demand, a collaborative development of corporate industrial Internet platforms and idc operations, and a gradual release of performance.
The rapid growth of the 2q company continued with the expected growth of 34.65 per cent in corporate revenue in the first half of 2020, mainly due to the increase in demand for the BMW and external information automation projects, as well as the impact of the epidemic in the first quarter of last year, with some delays in project implementation resulting in lower base periods.
In terms of business, software development and engineering services account for $3.265 billion, an increase of 47.87 per cent over the same period; out-of-service profits grew by 40.44 per cent over the same period, achieving rapid growth. Companies grew 29.24 per cent over the first quarter, net profits were 529 million yuan over the same period, and net profits were 37.62 per cent over the same period.
Benefiting from the release of industrial Internet-enabled smart construction needs, continuing a 10-strength growth. 2q Māori rate remained high and the cost rate decreased on a year-to-year basis: Māori rate, 2q company Māori product portfolio
The company ' s combined Māori rate remains high. In terms of cost rates, the overall rate of 2q fell by 0.47 per cent to 12.40 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with R&D falling by 0.95 per cent on a year-on-year basis; financial costs increased by 0.52 per cent, mainly through interest income.
Increased cost-control capacity. Industrial Internet platforms continue to innovate, and idc operations progress steadily: companies continue to invest in industrial Internet platform development to advance the development of Xin3plat-related components; and the launch of the artificial intelligence platform is completed.
Institutional investors as a share of circulation a xin3plat integration into artificial intelligence results; introduction of autonomous research and development plc (programmable logic control) products to break foreign monopolies and achieve full scale, output and control of nationally owned autonomous high-end control systems
In the area of idc, in April this year, the company announced $656 million to set up a joint venture with Hebei, accounting for 79.43 per cent of the shares, for a project aimed at developing the Treasure News and idc data centre for investment in Jiaguchi City. Five projects are under way, with about 1.05 million planned for completion.
6kw hangars, while continuing with project expansion in Nanjing, Wuhan, and Mount Horse. The company continues to promote the national layout of the data centre, laying the foundation for subsequent performance growth.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.