Q2 performance growth is higher than expected, idc+alot cores are on the rise, idc has a unique competitive advantage and industrial software continues to grow.
According to the company announcement, in 2021, the company realized a net return to the mother of 958 - 938 million yuan, with a median value of 898 million yuan, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period. Of this, q2 achieved a net return to the mother of 462 - 542 million in the first quarter, a median of 857 million yuan, an increase of 35 per cent over the same period, of which q2 achieved a non-return to the mother of the second quarter was a net profit.
Jiang Ying's business consists of three components: “idc+Industrial Internet + Smart Manufacturing”, which performed well in the first half of the year.
On the other hand, due to the impact of the epidemic in the first quarter of 2020, some of the projects were delayed and income and profits were low in the same period of the previous year.
The company ' s Idc business development has been highly valued and recognized by the Shanghai municipality. Since this year, the company ' s Idc business has expanded from Shanghai to the core cities of the country, highlighting the company ' s ability to expand in the Idc sector.
The Treasure Software Insight Report: The three pre-purposes will lead the company to a “value + profit” Davids double-click. The time difference interprets the long-term certainty of the new capital dragon.
In the software business, the company's deep-deeping “industrial Internet + intelligent manufacturing”, the industrial Internet as aiot, “Board software: performance meets expectations”, the core track, has been highly valued by the State, and the company's depth has benefited from the intellectual transfer of hundreds of millions of tons of precious weapons.
"Wise manufacturing + industrial Internet +idc " , while software operations are developing in depth, vertically expanding the sequence of industrial software products, horizontally enabling high growth 2021.4.13
The expansion of the industry and the progressive expansion of the boundaries of the software business present new opportunities for long-term development.
Enlarged 2021.4.19 The Treasure Software: Accelerating the Didc Project, Towards a New Cycle of Growth
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
idc has a unique, replicable capacity, a national core, and a full potential for expansion. The company's capacity in idc is largely reflected in a combination of “resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities”, in which the company has a unique resource advantage in terms of land, water, electricity, energy acquisition, and from industrial software capabilities.
The company is the only enterprise in the current market to be fully independent in terms of design (possessing an independent Metsan Design Institute), construction, operation (the only enterprise in the market that has an information base in the idc field, automated and fully autonomous research and development), and it gives it excellent cost-control capabilities.
The company’s strategic development is clear-cut and consistent with its self-building model, with sustained outreach to diversified, high-quality clients on the front line, with the appropriate expansion of its base-based operations with unlimited potential for expansion and strong profitability. The company is currently actively storing its resources (over 10,000 reserve cabinets of single-point size) and is currently operating along the core regional layout of the Chinese, Chinese, North, and South China.
As we move forward with the projects, we expect that, starting in the third quarter of this year, the capacity of the company to build new cabinets will be released gradually, and that in the coming years it will be able to accelerate the launch of new cycles, and we believe that the company, as a domestic wholesale idc leader, will begin to grow in gold, with a firm view to the long-term development space of the company.
Thanks to the intellectual transformation of the BMW and traditional enterprises, intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet operations are expected to grow rapidly \triangleright Industrial Internet and intelligent manufacturing as the alot core track, which has been highly valued by the state. Companies rely on the largest iron and steel collections in the country.
In 2020, the company was evaluated by the China Soft Association as the first industrial software company to deliver the standard level 3 assessment through the "Devops Development and Operation Implication Model"; and as the leading industrial software firm in the country to obtain the DCM Level 4 certificate
Industry. Since 2016, the steel industry has been recovering and overall profitability has been continuously improving, enabling steel companies to adapt their original information and automated systems, while the pace of merger and acquisition restructuring is accelerating, accompanied by the transformation of billions of tons of weapons of mass intelligence, and information needs are expected to continue to be released, opening up long-term growth space for traditional software operations.
In January, the autonomous industrial Internet platform xin3plate was launched, while the development of the big data "5s" component was advanced, with the completion of the iron-smelling, interconnected intellectual control platform demonstration project; the Biewu Institute of Internet Research in China and the China Po Wu Data Centre were established at the beginning of this year, together with Bo-Sin, to coordinate Internet framework design and cutting-edge technology development.
With the strong R & D power accumulated over the years in the field of industrial software and the professional experience of the steel industry, autonomous research and development of the industrial Internet platform, with its iplat and eplat as two wings, has been active in building the industrial Internet biosphere of the steel industry, opening up new growth paths for future development and opening up wider space for development.
\triangleright \triangleright as the core of the “5g+alot” of the scarce domestic deep layout “idc+Industrial Internet + Smart Manufacturing”, long-term idc construction and build-up below expectations, reorganisation and acquisition of weapons below expectations and underdevelopment of 5g
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the idc and cloud computing industry chain, object networking, Ishi Yoje, Master of Financial Sciences, English language degree, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, 8th grade. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation Mri Research Centre, responsible for motor block research. In December 2020, he joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, which studied the communications industry, covering, inter alia, vehicle networking, property networking, operators, super-highlights.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.