The company's review report for Treasure Software (600845) opened up a new space with high performance growth on August 19, 2021.
The first half of the year, the company achieved its first half of the year, thanks to the company's business development and increased intellectual demand in recent years.
Operating income amounted to $4,598 million, an increase of 34.65 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, income from software development and engineering services realized a net return of $925 million to the mother, an increase of 40.44 per cent over the same period; net operating cash flows amounted to $1,217 million, an increase of 52.17 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increased sales and operating profits during the current period.
At the same time, the company strengthens the management of operating funds and increases the net acceptance of bills. The company continues to implement the Big Customer Development Program, which allows intelligent manufacturing planning services to successfully contract multiple priority projects and expand their share of the external steel market; and further improves the overall solutions for smart security and smart parks and gradually upgrades their own software products.
(b) Industrial Internet platforms continue to innovate, and the National Strategy for Treasure Clouds is steadily advancing.
Industrial Internet platforms: development of relevant technical components such as plat and iplat under the Xin3plat brand in an orderly manner; launch of an artificial intelligence center at the 2021 World Congress on Artificial Intelligence to integrate Xin3plat into autonomous research and development.)idc: continuous consolidation of the Shanghai base and orderly development of the core
For the first time, the National Dollar Securities Corporation ' s Research-Posto Software (600845.sh) covered the regional resource reserve; actively promoted the industrial layout of the periphery of first-line cities, set up Hebei Bo ' s company to lay the foundation for the construction and delivery of follow-up projects, while continuing its bases in Nanjing, Wuhan, Ma ' aim Hill, etc.
With regard to the upgrading of cloud computing services, the one+ platform, the cloud web core, is operational and continues to promote cloud node construction and cloud service node connectivity to speed up the national layout.
The company has launched an autonomous plc product, which is dedicated to breaking down foreign monopolies in the relevant market areas, and to achieving the full scale and industrialization of the autonomous, controlled, high-end control system of national production.
Consultancy data, our market for plc is growing steadily. Market-sized cagr medium plc process is complex, users demand high product safety and resistance, 2014-2019.
The company’s plc product breaks through technical difficulties such as precision control and high-speed communications, is proven in multiple production lines, such as steel rolls, solves the “cricket” problem of industrial control systems and software, and is expected to lead industry development.
With the release of large-scale plc products, the company has been working for years in industrial manufacturing, with a new growth void and a new coronary pneumonia epidemic recurring: the idc engine room is being built at a slower rate than expected: the steel industry is integrated and has a less-than-expected atmosphere; the industrial Internet business is not growing as expected; and the plc product is not spreading as much as expected.
Fig. 1: The author of the Bosin software for the last three years, pe-band, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to the report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.