The year and a half of 2021 is being evaluated by the Bosin software, which is close to the upper limit of the forecast, and the growth of the two majors is strong, Robbin.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2021, with operating income of $4,598 million in the first half of the year, which is a year of high growth in performance in the first half of the year and a year of bright performance in software development. In the first half of the year, the company earned $3,265 million in revenue from software development and engineering services, a year of significant growth of 47.87 per cent.
The first six months of outsourcing of services were $1.3 billion, representing an 11.11 per cent increase in idc operations.
The net operating cash flow of the company in the first half of the year amounted to $1,217 million, representing a significant increase of 52.17 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the expansion of sales in the first half of the year and the increase in operating profits, as well as the strengthening of the management of operating funds and the increase in corporate cash flow based on net acceptances.
In terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori rate for the first half of the year was 4.31% in the first half of the year, roughly the same as in the other half, with R&D inputs in areas such as marketing costs, regulation, manufacturing, etc., bringing R&D costs to $428 million in the first half of the year, a significant increase in the same year.
In the idc business, the company has been actively increasing the layout of idc throughout the country, including projects such as the Treasure Clouds Five, the Wu Gang Big Data, and the May Hill Base. The company’s performance is expected to increase further as the project is delivered.
Over the years, deep-deep iron and steel information operations, self-research Xin3plat industrial Internet platforms, plc products, etc., have continued to enrich the product matrix and are expected to continue to benefit from intra-group information adaptation, integration and demand, while keeping in mind that companies continue to break through orders from external corporate steel companies.
Investment recommendations: maintain recommended ratings. We continue to look at the development prospects of the company, and it is expected that idc and software development will continue to drive rapid growth in corporate performance. The firm’s “market index” reference point for this rating system, 2021-2022, is expected to be 300 index depths.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.