Bosun software (600845) mid-2021: Major breakthroughs in core technology, entering a new cycle of rapid growth (+34.65 per cent), net profit for mothers of $925 million (+40.44 per cent) and net gain for non-mothers
Industrial Internet leading companies, with a strong combination of power. Corporate-owned industrial Internet platforms and idc information infrastructure development and services, have continued to grow in recent years in terms of industry, market competition, autonomous innovation, and brand power.
China Cloud Service X, “Chinese Cloud Service Providers of Excellence 2020”, and acquired “2021 Smart Manufacturing Brands”; company xin3plat was selected for the first five-star platform, “Industrial Internet Platform Services Security Capability Assessment”, which successfully passed through the Excellence Enterpriseit
Digital maturity assessment. We believe that companies have established a leading role in the “Internet + Manufacturing” industry, which has grown into the country's top information technology service provider, and that this year's growth has been growing rapidly, at a rate that has risen in the same period in almost 17 years.
In-depth implementation of the national innovation-driven development strategy, focusing on key core technological breakthroughs and ownership, accelerated integration into the new “double-cycle” development landscape, and contributed to the creation of new advantages in the digital economy. Over the reporting period, $4,598 million (+34.65 per cent) was achieved, of which software development
It is argued that corporate industrial Internet operations continue to grow rapidly, idc operations continue to grow robustly, and have benefited from the strong market demand resulting from the intellectual transformation of the steel industry, as well as from the positive effects of supply-side reforms in the idc sector driven by the country's “doubt carbon” policy.
Financial data are clear, and there will be sustained, rapid, and healthy development in the future. For nearly four years, the company has achieved net profit deductions + 38.49% (up from 3.84 pcts) and profitability.
R & D costs continue to rise steadily. R & D costs are equal to +39.13 per cent (the growth in growth over the same period was greater, but they were all significantly lower than the increase over the same period, with a reasonable cost-expenditure structure, a non-net profit coverage rate of 137.99 per cent and a positive profit quality.
Based on overall financial data, the company’s revenue growth rate is high, its profitability is high, its cash flow is better regulated, its own funds are adequate and its stability for sustained, rapid and healthy development is stronger.
On July 10, 2021, the industrial Internet artificial intelligence center, developed by companies autonomously, was launched, and the xinplat platform integrated into the three core functions of the model engine, model factory, model market, to help enterprises to achieve capacity service, industry, etc.
By the end of June this year, the platform had connected 355+000 units of industrial equipment, 2,500+ of industrial models, 5,800+ of platform microservices, 4100+ of cloud-based software and industry, and 7.9+ of service enterprise users. On 26 July, the company officially released a large plc (programmable logic control) of autonomous research and development.
There is broad support for the mainstream industrial field bus and industry real-time e-Team protocol, which integrates deep into the next generation of standard interfaces, pc-ua, with better compatibility and expansion of imports of the same type of product, with performance indicators comparable to those of the latest high-end series of products from American and European manufacturers, which have been successfully validated by the multi-plane bumpers and high-speed processing liners required for the highest level of control in the metallurgical industry.
Technology has been severely blocked and highly monopolized by European and American manufacturers, and companies have made major breakthroughs in industrial control of “cricket” technology, and in the future there is a desire to scale and industrialization autonomously controlled high-end control systems. In our view, the company’s Xinplat platform’s integration into artificial intelligence techniques and the national production of large-scale industrial-controlled plc products has led to an ice-breaking breakthrough that is a major technological advance in the industry, both in terms of software and hardware.
The industry of idc has implemented supply-side reforms that have benefited the company’s depth of operations. The Ministry of Information and Communications recently issued a three-year action plan for the development of a new data centre (2021-2023), which proposes a three-year plan of action that is essentially well-structured, technologically advanced, green low-carbon, arithmetic and arithmetic.
By the end of 2021, the average utilization rate of the national data centre had risen to over 55%, with a combined capacity of over 120 eflops (100 billion) and by the end of 2023, the average annual growth rate of the national data centre rack had been around 20%, with an average utilization rate of over 60%, with a combined capacity of over 200 eflops, with a high performance rate.
The power ratio reached 10%; the size of the national hub node was more than 70%. Prior to that, many regions had proposed planning programmes for the green low-carbon development of data centres. For example, the Beijing municipality issued the Beijing City Data Centre Integrated Development Implementation Programme (2021-2023), which proposed that the low-utility data centres would be shut down in an orderly manner, and that the new cloud data centre would be “green” with no higher emphasis than pue.
1.3 In April of this year, the Guangdong Province Energy Agency issued a circular on the identification of energy-use security requirements for data centres throughout the province, which explicitly states that “the use of market and administrative means to promote green low-carbon development” and calls for greater efforts to adapt energy-saving technologies to a level below 1.3 per cent during the 14th Five-Year Period.
The interconnectivity of cloud services nodes, the “crystal” one+ platform for cloud computing services, has become operational, sustaining the national market layout and technological upgrading of idc’s operations. We believe that companies are among the large, cost-effective manufacturers that have achieved nationalization of markets and technology, and that in the future depths benefit from the industry supply side reforms that are being implemented in the idc area.
Investment proposals: We believe that companies are growing faster, with high levels of profitability, better control of cash flows, and better self-financing, with greater stability for sustained, rapid, and healthy development. This year, heavy-pound technology products have been released, resulting in effective improvements in core competitiveness in industrial information and automation.
The company has entered a new cycle of rapid growth. Predicting the Treasure Letter software.