Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Center Industrial Internet is starting to expand, idc is steadily expanding, and on the evening of August 19th, the company published its semi-annual report, which generated $4,598 million in business earnings in the first half of the year, a year-on-year increase.
34.65 per cent; net profit return of 925 million yuan, or 40.44 per cent over the same period, close to the ceiling of the performance forecast, the need for intellectual transformation of downstream numbers is strong and corporate performance is generally high. Corporate income of 2,735 million yuan in the first quarter of q2, representing an increase of 29.24 per cent over the same period; net profit of 529 million yuan over the same period.
37.62 per cent. The higher performance was mainly due to the BMW Group ' s business development and the rising demand for intelligent manufacturing, the increase in revenues from soft-food development and engineering services of $1,057 million over the same period last year, and the impact of the epidemic during the same period last year.
h1 achieves a net operating cash flow of $1,217 million, corresponding to an increase of 52.17 per cent, resulting in an increase in sales size and operating profits, as well as an increase in the net acceptance of instruments.
Increasing industrial Internet construction, capitalizing on the opportunities of intelligence creation and accelerating the spillover of capacity. R & D costs 428 million yuan, an increase of 39.13 per cent over the reporting period.
On July 26, an autonomous plc product was released, breaking the foreign market's open-source-breath software q3 quarterly review. The current size of the plc market is close to 200 billion, and companies are expected to accelerate the replacement of national production, releasing it.
Performance. With outstanding innovative capabilities and industry know-how leading as a core member, participating in the iron and steel industry 4. " idc tap acceleration -- national gold communications -- Treasure letter software " , industry Internet-related standard-setting has successfully contracted multiple priority projects to expand the external steel market.
The Report Review, 2020.8.20, provides for accelerated capacity spillovers in the colour, chemical, etc., and new projects are emerging to open up the market space. A cabinet that validates excellent resource access and further enhances the supply of core resources in Shanghai.
To promote industry around the front line of the city, the Hebei Bo ' s company was set up to lay the foundation for follow-up projects and delivery, and to continue to expand markets such as Nanjing, Wuhan, and the Maatham Hill. The Idc core advantages, combined with cloud-based computing services, continue to consolidate the vanguard advantages, predicting that the company will grow 25% + the income of the Idc in the next three years.
We keep looking at corporate and steel information business prospects, maintaining profit projections, predicting that the Internet vendor idc needs less than expected, and that the steel industry spends less than expected on information.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment