With high performance growth, plc is expected to open up a new space.
Achieving a net return of 925 million yuan, an increase of 40.44 per cent over the previous year, is close to the forecasted ceiling. I've achieved high performance, improved profitability, high income growth of 34.65 per cent, and benefits mainly from the Treasures, in addition to the low base affected by the epidemic in 2020q1.
Group and external steel corporate intellectual manufacturing needs are released; new projects in color, chemical, etc. are on the ground. Sales are increased by 0.3 pct to 9.31%, mainly by companies increasing their industrial Internet, intellectual manufacturing, etc., to make it easier for the public to publish large-scale plc products and open up the space for company growth.
The company publishes large-scale plc products that are developed autonomously, and takes the lead in the application of the 2050 thermal edge line cut control system. The company ' s plc system has met the requirements of process manufacturing for high-end large-scale equipment with high reliability, openness, safety and scale, and is more compatible and expanded than importing similar products.
Control the core parts of the system, and we believe that the release of high-end plc products by the company is expected to break the foreign monopoly and open the company’s new growth curve in the field of industrial control.
In July 2021, the Shanghai Treasure Cloud Project was awarded 3,000 aircraft shelves, and the company Deep Report - Treasure Software Project is expected to be delivered in 2022. The company relies on the Treasure Steel Group for land, water, electricity, energy, etc.
(600845.sh): Release industry plc, open with natural advantages, superpositioning the company data centre with excellent capability and multiple international certifications, company new growth space 2021.7.30
In our view, the high Maori idc Corporate Information Update - h1 performance is over-expected, and business is expected to roll out in 2022, leading to a rapid increase in corporate earnings.
Industry Insight Report - Industrial Internet Insight Report: Industry flying by software, hundreds of billions of markets accelerating - 2020.11.5