Launched on July 10, 2021 by Bo-Wu, China, at the World Congress on Artificial Intelligence, "The Digital Treasure Software" (600845.sh)
In Shanghai, the World Summit on Intellectual Intelligence was held at the Shanghai Expo Center, where the Bo-Sin software was the first to develop autonomously China's Bo-Fi industry's Internet-based artificial intelligence center. The artificial intelligence center gave Xin3plat a new impetus to the development of Xin3plat, which helped to boost intelligence to create a 2.0-speed development.
The Bo-Sin software was released at the end of 2020 on China's Bo-Wok Industry Internet platform xin3plat, which was incorporated into the "Bond Cross Platforms" of the Ministry of Trade and Industry. The release of the smart medium, which integrates xln3plat into autonomously developed artificial intelligence products, has integrated the three core functions of model engines, model factories, model markets, and has developed a product for ai.
The platform system is supported by artificial intelligence hubs and aibox, based on cloud-side coordination structures, which significantly lower the threshold for technology applications and enable non-ai professionals to generate human intelligence solutions quickly, easily and efficiently.
So far, the company has worked with partners and clients to develop models of the ai for industry based on an artificial intelligence medium, including visual recognition, optimization, smart control, etc., and has achieved a model of the ai.
In the software business, the company ploughs “industrial Internet + intelligent manufacturing.” The industrial Internet, a central track for aiot, has been highly valued by the state, and companies have autonomous industrial Internet platforms for research and development.
xin3plat, while software operations are developing in depth and horizontally, vertically expanding industrial software product lines, horizontally expanding industries, and expanding the boundaries of software operations, offering new opportunities for long-term development.In idc, companies have unique resource endowments on the front line, plus strong capacity-building.
The development of the company's idc business is highly valued and recognized by the Shanghai Municipality, and starting this year, the company's idc value is 2021.1.30.
The start of business expansion from Shanghai to the core cities of the country has highlighted the company's ability to expand on idc, Treasure Software: performance against expectations, and the idc project in core locations such as promotion, Shanghai, Taikura is now steadily moving forward with new idc.
"Intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet +idc" will lead companies to double-click Davis on "value + profit." Treasure software: performance exceeding expectations, soft
Rapid business development, continuous expansion of the idc version, 2021.4.19 Treasure software: accelerating the promotion of the idc project
Pushing forward, taping into a new cycle of growth. The Treasures Software: Keeping Performance Overseeing, Idc+alot's Core Lumpy Stands Up.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
idc has a unique, replicable capacity, a national core, and a full potential for expansion. The company's capacity in idc is largely reflected in a combination of “resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities”, in which the company has a unique resource advantage in terms of land, water, electricity, energy acquisition, and from industrial software capabilities.
The company is the only enterprise in the current market to be fully independent in terms of design (possessing an independent Metsan Design Institute), construction, operation (the only enterprise in the market that has an information base in the idc field, automated and fully autonomous research and development), and it gives it excellent cost-control capabilities.
The company’s strategic development is clear-cut and consistent with its self-building model, with sustained outreach to diversified, high-quality clients on the front line, with the appropriate expansion of its base-based operations with unlimited potential for expansion and strong profitability. The company is currently actively storing its resources (over 10,000 reserve cabinets of single-point size) and is currently operating along the core regional layout of the Chinese, Chinese, North, and South China.
As we move forward with the projects, we expect that, starting in the third quarter of this year, the capacity of the company to build new cabinets will be released gradually, and that in the coming years it will be able to accelerate the launch of new cycles, and we believe that the company, as a domestic wholesale idc leader, will begin to grow in gold, with a firm view to the long-term development space of the company.
Thanks to the intellectual transformation of the BMW and traditional enterprises, intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet operations are expected to grow rapidly \triangleright Industrial Internet and intelligent manufacturing as the alot core track, which has been highly valued by the state. Companies rely on the largest iron and steel collections in the country.
In 2020, the company was evaluated by the China Soft Association as the first industrial software company to deliver the standard level 3 assessment through the "Devops Development and Operation Implication Model"; and as the leading industrial software firm in the country to obtain the DCM Level 4 certificate
Industry. Since 2016, the steel industry has been recovering and overall profitability has been continuously improving, enabling steel companies to adapt their original information and automated systems, while the pace of merger and acquisition restructuring is accelerating, accompanied by the transformation of billions of tons of weapons of mass intelligence, and information needs are expected to continue to be released, opening up long-term growth space for traditional software operations.
In January, the autonomous industrial Internet platform xin3plate was launched, while the development of the big data "5s" component was advanced, with the completion of the iron-smelling, interconnected intellectual control platform demonstration project; the Biewu Institute of Internet Research in China and the China Po Wu Data Centre were established at the beginning of this year, together with Bo-Sin, to coordinate Internet framework design and cutting-edge technology development.
With the strong R & D power accumulated over the years in the field of industrial software and the professional experience of the steel industry, autonomous research and development of the industrial Internet platform, with its iplat and eplat as two wings, has been active in building the industrial Internet biosphere of the steel industry, opening up new growth paths for future development and opening up wider space for development.
\triangleright \triangleright as the core of the “5g+alot” of the scarce domestic deep layout “idc+Industrial Internet + Smart Manufacturing”, long-term idc construction and build-up below expectations, reorganisation and acquisition of weapons below expectations and underdevelopment of 5g
In January 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, with deep Internet coverage, cloud computing & & idc stone-yote, and the Beijing University of Foreign Languages, with a master's degree in finance in English. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation's mri Research Centre, with responsibility for motor block research. In December 2020, he joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, with research work in the communications industry, covering, inter alia, vehicle networking, object networking and operations.
The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.