We're going through the big plc, and we're going through a decade of research and development to fill the national void.
On July 26, 2021, the Bosin software released the large plc (programmable logic controller) product, the core component of an autonomous industrial control system. The plc is primarily oriented towards the demand for metal high-end equipment, breaking the monopoly of foreign manufacturers, and is another major innovation in the deep steel industry.
1) Large plc markets have been monopolized by foreign investors, and bountiful publishing has made a breakthrough in large plcs. Plc is the brain of the control system, and the domestic and foreign markets have grown steadily. Large plc applications are dominated by large manufacturing industries such as electricity, metallurgy, and the market has been cut off by foreign firms such as Siemens, Rockwell, etc. The domestic brand has only taken 11% of the oem market.
Large-scale plc products. In the large plc market, foreign investors monopolize about 99% of the market; the big plc is breaking the situation, and the products in question have been continuously validated since 2016, and are now successfully validated in the top-level control requirements of the metallurgical industry for multiple machine-collider and high-speed processing liners. For example, the plc control system is over 100 million dollars.
It's 20 billion yuan, with huge market space. It's trying to get into the domestic metallurgical industry for three to five years. 2) It's good at plc performance indicators. It's the first wide-area clouding plc experiment in the world to be completed in conjunction with Hwa. It's already comparable to high-end U.S. and U.S. manufacturers, for example, to high-speed control requirements for high-speed mills, the system supports up to six processing units in parallel.
The implementation time is less than 1 nas, the fastest scanning cycle is as low as 200 micros; with broad support for the mainstream industrial field bus and the industry real-time Tainet protocol, and the depth of the next generation of standard interface opc-ua, Boshinplc is also more compatible and expanded than foreign manufacturers. In June 2021, Bosin Software United completed its first wide-area cloud plc.
Technical experiments to successfully achieve high-precision industrial controls across cities. 3) Treasure letter has obtained an additional target of 3,000 idc cabinets in Shanghai. The Shanghai Commission issued a notice of performance indicators to support the new data centre project, which was reviewed in accordance with the Shanghai City data centre construction guidelines (2021 version), and identified 10 reported units with 10 projects with each project rack.
This time, 3,000 new cabinets in Shanghai have further increased the supply of core resources in Shanghai. The announcement is over-expected, with large plc breakthroughs and a steady expansion of idc to maintain the "buy-in" rating.
With a high q2 base last year, higher profit growth and higher market expectations have been maintained. The big plc breakthrough, breaking the foreign monopoly, is expected to accelerate the replacement of national production, releasing performance. In addition to 3,000 new Shanghai indicators, idc has expanded well in the north of the country, a joint venture has been set up to invest in Treasure Steel, large plc markets have been monopolized abroad, and national production substitution is a necessary step in the industrial field.
In the late 1960s, when plc was developed for use in the automobile industry, plc was developed from a simulation of the original relay control principle, and in the 1970s, plc was named as a programmable logic controller, with a wide scope of application, high reliability, simple programming and ease of use. plc consists mainly of components such as cpu structures, storage, i/o units, power modules, external equipment interfaces, etc.
Annually, it will reach US$ 16.9 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of 4.6 per cent. Domestic projections indicate that China ' s market size in 2020 was about RMB 11.2 billion, and is projected to reach RMB 16 billion by 2023, with an annual composite growth rate of 12.6 per cent. Large and medium-sized plc will be used mainly in the project-based market, where small plc will be used for oem markets. Large and medium-sized domestic plc will be used mainly in project-based markets, with higher requirements for safety, reliability, stability of products and network communication capacity, such as automobiles, metallurgy, electricity.
Large plc is used mainly in key manufacturing areas, the most needed breakthroughs in the plc area. Large plc is monopolized abroad, and small plc markets account for only 11% of national production.
Table . Siemens has a 44% share in the Chinese market and a leading market position, with good performance in terms of reliability, stability, etc. of large, medium and small plc products, and a more competitive edge in large and medium plc markets, with Rockwell ranked fourth, with a 5% market, but with an absolute leader in large plc products. The Japanese brand is predominantly represented by Mitsubishi, Omron, and lg. Markets are dominated by higher value ratios and channel advantages.
Shares, including Japanese plc, which is represented by Mitsubishi and Omron, are more applied in such disaggregated areas as small-scale control systems. Local brand markets account for only 11% of the total.
Bosinplc has been developed for 10 years. The Bosin software has been developing large plcs since 2010 and has been applied gradually through a series of research and development tests.plc is the brain of the control system, which has been monopolized by foreign agents in large scenes, with nearly 200 billion markets per year in domestic industrial control; therefore, the large plc is one of the areas where domestic priorities are to be broken. According to company tests, the plc control system is more than 100 million dollars; and, according to the Treasure War.
The system invests about $20 billion in the control system, and the market space is wide. Figure 5: Treasure letterplc has developed history and has many applications. Treasure letterplc products, although just released, have been developed and applied over the years.
The characteristics of the steel industry, combined with the core process algorithms of the metallurgical industry, have been successfully validated in multiple production lines such as steel rollers, such as the multiple machine-collider and high-speed processing liners required for the highest level of control in the metallurgical industry. After this product was released, Bosunplc was fully self-designed, localized, with performance indicators comparable to the latest high-end series of American and European manufacturers, and compatible.
In the large area of plc, Bosunplc is expected to be replaced by national production. The new Shanghai idc indicator, which captures a further 3,000 idc machine cabinets, is available. The Shanghai Economic and Social Commission issued a circular on the use of performance indicators to support the new data centre project, based on Shanghai Market data.
Following the review of the Centre's construction guidelines (2021), it was identified that 10 units were in 10 projects, each with 3,000 units and a total capacity of 18 megawatts. Of these, 6,000 cabinets were in the Bo mountains, and the Treasurestone software project, the Superconsumption Hub, was approved. As required by the document, the construction guidelines required that the new large data centre single project should be no less than 3,000 standard cabinets, with an average capacity of no less than 6 kw, and that the engine builder should be designed with an average capacity of no less than 6 kw.
The total design power is not less than 18mw, and the consolidated pue is strictly controlled to no more than 1.3. Therefore, the policy remains evenly distributed, with reference to the list of approved candidates (including Treasures, Data Harbour, Aryan, Quest, etc.).
The Steel Group, the Purple Gas Corporation, established a joint venture with Hebei Bo-Sin (79% of the shares), which aims to co-invest in the Treasure Censorship Zone project. Hebei-Sin can also replicate the Bo-Sin model by using the power and water resources of the steel factory. Hebei-Sin, which focuses on the Beijing market, has laid the foundation for future performance. This time, 3,000 new cabinets in Shanghai have increased the supply of Bo-Sin's core resources. The Idc operation is expected to take place next year.
The spread of the plc market has fallen short of expectations.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, that reasonable judgement and conclusion are sought to be objective and fair.