“Industrial software +idc” business double-wheel drive, industry bouncing software (600845.sh)
In-house companies achieved operating income of $4,598 million, an increase of 34.65 per cent over the same period; a net return of $925 million, an increase of 40.44 per cent over the same period, and their performance was as expected.
In-country revenues of $4,598 million increased by 34.65 per cent over the same period. In the first half of the year, industrial software products developed by companies on their own continued to be released, while software R & D and engineering services earned $3,265 million, an increase of 47.86 per cent over the previous year.
Prince Road, Idc's operating income has grown steadily, and services outsourcing has reached $1.300 billion, and companies have achieved net operating cash inflows of $1,217 million on a year-on-year basis. The same year, 52.18 per cent.
During the reporting period, R & D investment in industrial Internet, smart manufacturing, etc. was intensified, with R & D investment of 428 million yuan, an increase of 39.13% over the same period, company business structure becoming more rational, multiple financial figures Promotion of industrial Internet platform building, national product plc breaking overseas monopolies.
Development of Internet platforms for the in-house deep-farming industry, orderly advancement of technology components such as plat and iplat under the Xin3plat brand, completion of an artificial intelligence mid-stage launch at the 2021 World Aid Congress, development of a platform system for Xin3plat to support the development of the ai product, and roll-out of plc
Products, nationalization of the plc high-end control system, and breaking the overseas monopoly of giants. On the basis of the Treasure Internet platform, there are smart mining solutions, applications for combing steel-making units, and research into integrated solutions for the safe production of steel-making intelligence.
In line with the new infrastructure, promote the idc national strategic layout. The company’s idc operations are growing steadily, and while the Shanghai base is being consolidated, the new generation of Sinderc’s country-wide strategy is being gradually advanced.
It is expected that 10,500 and 7,000 6kw hangars will be made available to clients, together with an orderly reserve of core regional resources.
At the cloud service level, one+ platform is operational, and continues to be launched with the Galactic Computer's Treasure Evaluation Software (600845.sh):
Roe and rop continue to grow, and the company will grow in the future. The company is the leading company in the industry of the “Industrial Internet +idc” with long-term growth.
Photo by p/pb-bands p-bands pb-bands
Figure 1: Operating income and the rate of increase in the company as a whole
He has a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on research by technology companies.