High-speed, high-quality growth, industrial Internet leader BoS software 2021 reported a profit of 925 million yuan, a 40.4 per cent increase over the same year; net profit deductions of 882 million yuan, an increase of 38.49 per cent.
Revenues kept growing at a high rate, with a marked improvement in the quality of operations \triangleright q2 quarter revenue of $2.74 billion equal to 29 per cent, with net operating cash flows in the first half of the year amounting to $1.22 billion.
In the context of the high base, Bosin earned $2.74 billion in the second quarter, an increase of 29 per cent over the same period last year, and $4,598 million in the first half of the year, of which $3,265 million, or 48 per cent, was generated by software development; $1.300 billion, or 11 per cent, was earned by outsourcing services. The other bright spot in the company was the performance of excellent cash flows, with net operating cash flows.
By 1.217 billion yuan, an increase of 52.2% over the same period, thanks mainly to good corporate governance and increased net deposit of bills. Xiplc has made a breakthrough, and the industrial Internet is likely to be able to open up 200 billion large markets by 10 years.
The national production of large plcs (programmable logic controllers, microcomputers in the industrial field that control mechanical equipment), breaking the foreign monopoly blockade in the field of technology, is a good case of success in solving the problem of “crickets.” The company will rely on the advantages of steel intelligence manufacturing, and will try to enter the plc 1st camp in 3-5 years to reach 200 billion domestic plcs.
In the area of the industrial Internet, the Xin3plat industrial Internet platform has continued to break through: a self-researched Xin3plat industrial Internet platform for entry into the two cross-platform platform and the "Industrial Internet platform service security evaluation" for the first five-star platform (4): another 3,000 Idc cabinets in Shanghai have been set up to consolidate the Shanghai Treasure Clouds base.
The focus on regional planning was followed by the establishment of Hebei Bo’s company, which provides the foundation for subsequent project construction and delivery, while continuing the base market expansion in Nanking, Wuhan, and Mount Ma’ar. A consistent expectation is that 21-year-old pe will be 49 times higher, maintaining a “recommended” rating, taking into account the company’s growth and significant advantages.
idc demand is not as high as expected; business int expenditure is not as high as expected; industry competition is increasing.
2. Treasure letter software (600845) 20-year mid-year review: idc operations and smart manufacturing holdings Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.