IT semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment Lungi shares (601012) - a single crystal dragon with a strong performance and a brilliant multi-business boom, with solar components and single crystal silicone contributing to income growth.
During the reporting period, many of the company ' s business portfolios grew rapidly, with solar components accounting for the largest share, with annual operating income of $9.175 billion, or 56.07 per cent, increasing by 60.93 per cent, and single crystal silicon, following closely, with annual operating income of $5.753 billion, or 35.16 per cent, increasing by 35.16 per cent.
13.37 per cent; photovoltaic system equipment grew the most, with an annual operating income of 155 million and increased profitability on a year-on-year basis. The company ' s Māori sales rate and net interest rate on sales grew more rapidly from 2015 after five years. The company ' s annual Māori rate was 32.27 per cent in 2017.
The number of people over 450, cumulatively authorized patents, 260, battery, assembly conversion efficiency, etc.
Industry leads. The standard silicon non-silicon cost of the new project is no more than a dollar/silica. The company has made a free global disclosure of its leading monocrystal decompression technology -- lir (luminous regeneration) technology, launched a he-mo2 product, and the perc battery conversion efficiency has been raised to 23.6%, creating a new world.
Recorded 20.41% conversion efficiency of 60 monocrystal perc components, updating industry records in this area. The above-mentioned technological achievements allowed companies to maintain a sustained growth trend in the global monocrystal technology sector, with a weighted average net asset return rate achieved in 2017.
Camp conditions are stable, asset size and profitability are rising, solvency is reliable, the single crystal ratio is not expected to rise further, and single crystal silicon silicon expansion is accelerating. The single crystal market rate accelerated in 2017, the domestic market rate rose to 36%, and companies are looking at the single crystal market.
Opportunities, accelerating the expansion of monocrystal capacity, which by the end of 2017 had reached 15gw, 100% higher than by the end of 2016, effectively safeguarding the annual market's monocrystal capacity for silicon production targets of 28gw, 36gw and 45gw, respectively, so rapidly expanding.
Building on a single crystal advantage, creating an efficient component leadership brand. Given that perc technology is more efficient in generating electricity, higher product stability, and more priced single crystal silicon,
Competing, making perc technology more efficient, single-crystal battery performance more efficient. Companies have pre-positioned single-crystal perc-efficient battery production, actively promoting the massing of perc batteries, leading to industrial efficiency trends, and the current efficiency of corporate perc battery conversions has increased.
23.6 per cent created a new world record with 20.41 per cent conversion efficiency of 60 monocrystal perc components, updating industry records in this area. At the end of 2017, the company's monocrystal component was able to produce capacity, which was officially renamed Lungi Green Energy Technology Ltd., “longi”
Proactively expanding the epc business and focusing on the light market for poverty reduction. The luminous poverty alleviation is driven and tilted by national policies, as well as its own social, economic and pro-poor benefits.
There's great potential for companies to develop good relationships with local governments after years of deep farming in industry, resource advantages in photovoltaic poverty alleviation projects, combined with the visibility and high quality of corporate products, and future potential for pc in the field of photovoltaic poverty alleviation, according to the plans of the company.
Actively exploring the formation of a high-efficiency epc integration programme in 2018 as a industry-renowned epc integration programme Provider to complete power station development and grid-connection 600mw. Profit predictions: company deep-farming photovoltaic industry, focused on monocrystal technology routes, cost-effectiveness
Both rates and management have great advantages. With the advent of parity in the photovoltaic sector, the company, as a single crystal giant, has a further rise in market occupancy and has great potential for an outbreak of performance. Companies (i) are expected to grow rapidly in their business performance.
The company published its annual 2017 report, which generated business income of $16,362 million, an increase of 41.9 per cent over the year; it was attributed to the stock of publicly listed companies, and the stock was transferred by 4 shares per 10 shares to all shareholders. (ii) Multi-business was rapidly developing, with solar components and single crystal silicone contributing to income growth.
During the reporting period, many of the company ' s business portfolios grew rapidly, with solar energy components accounting for the largest share, with annual operating income of $9,175 million, or 56.07 per cent, an increase of 60.93 per cent; single crystal silicon silicon, which followed closely, generated business income of $5,753 million, or an increase of 35.16 per cent, or 13.37 per cent, throughout the year; and photovoltaic systems equipment grew the most, with annual operating income of $155 million, an increase of the same year.
(iii) Growing profitability. The Māori and net interest rates on corporate sales have continued to grow over the past five years and have grown more rapidly since 2015. Corporate profitability has continued to grow rapidly throughout the year in 2017.
(iv) A steady increase in the profitability of single crystalline silicon and solar components Sub-products, with the highest power profitability of $320 million and a Māori contribution of 71.55 per cent over the reporting period, an increase of 5.64 percentage points over the same period last year; a steady increase in the profitability of solar component operations, with a Māori contribution of 2,817 million and a Māori contribution throughout 2017
30.70 per cent, an increase of 3.5 percentage points over the previous year; a steady increase in the profitability of single crystal silicon, which contributed 1,882 million Maori throughout the year 2017; an increase in the Māori rate from 28.16 per cent to 32,71 per cent, an increase of 4.55 percentage points over 2016; and a rapid increase in the financial cost of battery tablets compared to the previous business growth capacity (v) and the cost of research and development (R & D)
Financial costs reached $198 million in 2017, representing an increase of 94 per cent over the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in interest. Lungi shares (601012) — a single crystal dragon with a strong record of outstanding performance — 260 patents, breakthroughs in key technical indicators such as battery, assembly conversion efficiency, and company single crystal silicon chips.
Cost quality and component power are industry leaders. The standard silicon non-silicon cost of the new project is no more than a dollar per piece. The company has made a free global disclosure of the leading monocrystal reduction technology -- lir (luminous regeneration) technology, the introduction of the he-mo2 product, the perc battery conversion efficiency increased to 23.6%, the new world record was created, with a 20.41% conversion efficiency of 60 monoc components in the field.
Industry records. The achievement of the above-mentioned technology results has allowed companies to maintain their core competitive advantage in the global monocrystal technology field.
The single crystal is still in place, with three strategic positionings driving growth: (i) the single crystal ratio rising further, single crystal silicon silicon expansion accelerating.
The orientation towards the same, non-crystal world, with its own high-quality and higher conversion efficiency in crystal quality, electron performance, mechanical performance, etc., has been accompanied by continuous innovation in monocrystal technology in recent years, a steady decline in production costs, a rapid increase in product efficiency, which has contributed to the rising value of monocrystal products, a good customer value experience, and a rapid increase in demand for monocrystal products in domestic and foreign markets.
By 2017, the share of the single crystal market had accelerated, with 36% in the domestic market and 27% in the global market, which is expected to rise further in 2018. Companies were looking at single crystal market opportunities, accelerating the expansion of single crystal production, and by the end of 2017, companies were able to produce single crystal silicon tablets.
15gw, a 100% increase from the end of 2016, effectively secures a year-long market’s single-crystal capacity supply and corporate delivery targets. The Department’s earlier announcement that the silicon production targets for 2018 to 2020 were 28gw, 36gw, and 45gw, respectively, showed such rapid expansion that companies were strong and had strong confidence in the single-crystal market.
In recent years, the rapid progress and industrial upgrading of our photovoltaic technology, driven by the photovoltaic technology standards represented by the runners, has significantly increased market demand for high-efficiency photovoltaic products.
With a competitive advantage, a two-sided perc component based on perc battery technology can generate more electricity than a traditional one-sided component, the application of perc battery technology has become mainstream and the trend is rapidly expanding. Given that perc technology is sending more electricity efficiency gains, higher product stability, and a more competitive price for single crystal silicon, the efficiency of perc technology is being enhanced.
Lungi shares (601012) – single crystal dragons perform well, and battery performance is much better, with single crystal perc batteries becoming much more popular in 2017 as the battery manufacturer expands its capacity, and becoming the dominant route for the current battery manufacturer's expansion, with a marked increase in market ownership.
The company pre-positioned single-crystal perc high-efficiency battery capacity, actively promoting the production of a perc battery, leading to an industrial high-efficiency trend, and in 2018, the company ' s perc battery capacity will be upgraded again to further improve conversion efficiency, promote production efficiency, increase the perc battery conversion efficiency to 23.6 per cent, create a new world record, 60 single crystal perc components conversion efficiency
By the end of 2017, the company produced 6.5gw, compared with the end of 2016, and by the beginning of 2017, the company was officially renamed Lungi Green Energy Corporation, Inc., with a new vision of “a solar technology company working to become the most valuable global company”, which led to the launch of an integrated branding strategy and a series of in- and out-of-country branding campaigns.
(iii) Actively expand the epc business and keep pace with the glacial pro-poor market by gaining customer recognition and trust in the properties of efficient, reliable and highly profitable products.
Photovoltaic power generation is clean, environmentally sound, technologically reliable and profitable, and is suitable for building larger centralized power stations, household and village power stations, as well as for a wide range of “photovoltaic plus” applications in the context of agriculture and forestry.
The benefits of expanding the market for photovoltaic power are also conducive to a steady increase in the income of the poor. There is a great potential for alleviating poverty, whether it is driven by national policies and channelled to Lungi shares (601012) – a single-crystal dragon that has a strong performance and a brilliant performance – or from its own social, economic and pro-poor benefits, and China’s poverty alleviation plan is under way.
The company has developed good relationships with local governments after many years of deep-farming, with a resource advantage in photovoltaic poverty alleviation projects, and has been actively exploring the development of an efficient epc integration programme, becoming an industry-renowned epc integration programme provider and completing power station development and networking of 600 mw.
The firm's deep-deep-farming industry, focusing on monocrystal technology routes, has great advantages in terms of cost, efficiency and management. With the advent of a flat-priced Internet, the company, as a single-crystal giant, has a further increase in its market share, with great potential for an outbreak of performance. Companies are expected to have protection risks in international trade, excess capacity leads to lower price risks, management risks associated with scale expansion, and policies in the photovoltaic sector.
Lungi shares (601012) - the one-crystal dragon's strong and brilliant performance.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.