Lungi shares (601012.sh) projected higher than expected performance, planning for silicon silicon production capacity of 45gw in 2020: 25 January, company announcement, based on preliminary calculations by the finance department, is expected to achieve a net return profit in 2017
The company ' s performance was higher than expected, as a result of high growth in the photovoltaic industry and technological advances in the company and the release of productive capacity: in 2017, my country gained 53.06gw, an increase of 53.62% compared to the same year. The sales of single crystal components and silicon were growing at a rapid rate; at the same time, it benefited from continued improvements in technological processes, continuous improvements in equipment and its own production capacity.
Step-by-step release, further reduction in the cost of company products, and continued growth in the Māori rate. Silicon production capacity of 45gw was planned for 2020, with world-class photovoltaic single crystal silicon taps: 19 January, the company announced a development plan for single crystal silicon operations for 2018-2020, with a 15gw base planned for silicon production by the end of 2017.
By the end of the year, 45gw was achieved. For components, the combined capacity in 2017 was 6.5gw, a 30% increase over the capacity of 5gw in 16 years. In 2017, the company invested approximately $1.95 billion in the construction of the 5gw single crystal group project, which is expected to be completed in 2020, with a future component capacity of over 10gw, the company acting as a photovoltaic.
The world-class giant swimming in silicon + components is well established. The efficiency of silicon conversions continues to record the world, and the technical barriers to single crystal silicon are high: the world record of single-crystal perc battery conversion efficiency for three consecutive times in 2017 goes beyond the 23% limit that the market considers difficult to overtake.
The rate finally reached 23.26 per cent. On 18 January 2018, an independent third-party certification test body (tüv-süd) tested a 20.41 per cent PV conversion efficiency for a high-efficiency perc component of the Lungi Leaf (formerly 17.9 per cent to 19.86 per cent) and continued to create a new monocrystal perc conversion efficiency.
The world record is constantly being created, and the world's record is being broken. The company's extraordinary technology, Shen Lin Ting, the technological advances are more than expected than the scale effect, and the company's profitability industry is leading: at the end of June 2017, the company disclosed that it was in the middle of the year.
The cost of monocrystal silicon non-silicon is 18% lower and the cost of component non-silicon is 23% lower. Based on the company's single crystal silicon business plan for 2018-2020, the non-silicon cost of future standard silicon silicon is targeted at no more than $1/longki shares: performance growth is over-expected, single crystal silicon “technology +”
Cost-control capabilities continue to increase, pushing companies to become more profitable. Company shares for 15 years, 16 years: single crystal silicon is sold, net profit is sold at the same rate as single crystal silicon prices, and the market share is expected to rise further: in the fourth quarter of 2017, companies announced a downwards order.
Lungi shares: a strong monocrystal demand, with performance exceeding six times, will be further reduced, and the value-for-money advantage will be further enhanced. The monocrystal silicon, because of its high conversion efficiency, is more suitable for high-growth distributed photovoltaic power projects, with future company-represented monocrysilica markets.
It is expected to rise further to more than 50%. Investment advice: products such as corporate depth silicon, expansion plans and performance growth are expected to be supermarkets, and we have one, deep-deep monoculture, and output expansion accelerates.
The main products of the base share are single crystalline silicon bars, silicon tablets, battery assemblies, and investment development, construction, and operation of photovoltaic ground and distributed power stations. Companies have long focused on providing efficient single crystal solar power solutions to their global customers, and single crystal silicon products are one of the company’s most central businesses.
Founded in 2000, Lungi shares have been focused on the development, production and marketing of single crystal silicon sticks, silicon tablets, and, after more than a decade, have become the world's largest producer of single crystal silicon products, with more than 40% or more of the city.
In 2007, the company began producing single-crystal silicon sticks, and in 2009 it began producing single-crystal silicon tablets.
In 2013, the company acquired Kayex, a United States transistor of monocrystal equipment, and completed the full roll-out of the “Golden Cutting Process” and, in 2014, fully guided in production. The fast-growing monocrystal growth technology continued to reduce product costs, leading the industry in 2015 to achieve 100% of monocrystal silicon cut-off.
In terms of product capacity, by the end of 2017, the company’s silicon capacity had reached 15gw, and the 2020 plan was to expand to 45gw. The cluster capacity, 6.5gw, will be expanded to more than 10gw in the future.
In terms of product quality, the company ' s worldwide record of three consecutive break-throughs of single crystal perc battery conversion efficiency in 2017 exceeded the 23 per cent limit considered impossible by the city field to be 23.26 per cent. On 18 January 2018, tüvnand (tüv-süd) tested by the independent third-party certification test agency, the PV conversion efficiency of the Lonki Leaf 60 efficient perc component reached 20.41 per cent.
The former dominant product, between 17.9% and 19.86%, created a new world record of monocrystal perc component conversion efficiency. Companies’ cost advantages and technological power industries are ahead, and with the release of additional silicon production capacity and the build-up of photovoltaic power operations, the public’s performance is expected to continue to outpace expectations.
The company has a wide range of clients, mainly in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Taiwan, China, China, China, Taiwan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
Cpvt test report, which shows that the most efficient water conversion of single crystal perc batteries in Lungilea leaves has reached 23.26 per cent.According to the efficiency road map, industry is generally of the view that the limit of perc battery yield efficiency is around 23 per cent, a long time ago.
Time, efficiency record has remained below 23%. This company has broken what the industry previously perceived as a 23% efficiency bottleneck in perc batteries, reflecting on the one hand the technical leadership of Lungi Leaf in the industry and, on the other hand, proving the tremendous efficiency potential of monocrystal perc technology, which is a milestone.
As a result of technological breakthroughs in products, costs have been continuously reduced, and the supply of related products has fallen short in 2017. In the first half of 2017, the company produced 868 million single crystal silicon tablets, of which 449 million were sold abroad, using 419 million of them for its own use, and 99.06 per cent of the production of single crystal silicone tablets was sold; the company ' s new capacity was released in the third quarter of 2017, with a single-quarter production of 5.5-60 billion silicon tablets exceeding expectations.
The single crystal silicon production capacity was extended to 45gw in 2020: to ensure the market supply of efficient monocrystal products, the company plans to expand steadily by the end of the year, building on the 15gw silicon production capacity, to 28gw by the end of 2018, 36gw by the end of 2019 and 45gw by the end of 2020.
Figure 3: Lonki shares single crystal silicone production capacity (gw) Figure 4: Comparison of the Māori ratio of the silicon business of comparable companies Cost-control capability of companies, leading the industry with the Māori level of single crystal silicone: corporate semi-annual report 2017, 2017
The company’s Māori rate for 2015, 2016, and the first half of 2017 was 21.5%, 28.2%, and 35.5%, respectively, and the Māori advantage for the first half of the year was further expanded, surpassing the Polysilica ratio by nearly 11 percentage points.
According to the production planning of single crystal silicon producers, according to solarzoom, the production capacity of single crystal silicon producers in the industry for 2016-2018 was about 15gw, 35gw, 60gw, and the capacity of single crystals expanded rapidly. By contrast, the capacity of Lungi shares is much higher than that of the second central ring. According to the production planning, we predict that Lungi shares will have a single crystal product market of more than 50% in 2018, with a leading advantage.
(iii) The price of single crystal silicon silicon is reduced and the market share is expected to increase further: 180um silicon monocrysil is expected to implement 5.4 yuan per plate and 190m silicone monocrysil is expected to implement 5.55 yuan per piece, and the price difference with multicrystal silicon is expected to be further reduced and the price advantage for monocrystal products is shown.
As a result of its high conversion efficiency, more crystal silicons are more suitable for use in separate photovoltaics, which are distributed as light-voltage machines. The main growth point single-crystal market share is expected to increase further, with about 40% in 17 years expected to rise to 50% in the future. (iv) Single-crystal components continue to expand, and their conversion efficiency in 2018 is record worldwide.
The production capacity of the company's monocrystal components expanded rapidly, with 6.5gw in 2017, mainly from Jiangsutai, Zhejiang, and An Quan Quantico, which are 30% higher than the production capacity of 5gw in 16 years. In terms of the volume of the monocrystal components, companies produced 0.9gw, 2.3gw, and 4.5gw in 2017, respectively, for three consecutive years.
On 5 January 2018, the company issued an announcement stating that Lungi Leaf Lightvolt Technology Ltd., a fully-owned company of Lungi shares, had entered into a project investment agreement with the State Economic Development District Council of Xiang, to invest approximately $1.95 billion in the construction of the 5gw single crystal component project, which is expected to be completed by 2020. This expansion of production capacity will further consolidate the company ' s flagship status, and it is expected that the Lungi component will be produced.
With regard to component conversion efficiency, on 18 January 2018, tested by the independent third-party certification test agency tüv-süd, the PV conversion efficiency of the 60-efficient perc component of Lungi Leaf was 20.41 per cent (currently 17.9 per cent to 17.9 per cent of the mainstream product).
19.86 per cent) created a new world record on the conversion efficiency of single crystal perc components. In September 2017, the National Energy Agency, in a circular on the implementation of the “leader” plan for the promotion of photovoltaic power generation and requirements for the construction of a pilot base in 2017, suggested that the PV efficiency of the application of multi-chip, single crystalline silicon cell assemblies should reach 17 per cent, respectively
With more than 17.8 per cent and more than 18 per cent and 18.9 per cent, respectively, the PV efficiency of the technology pilot base multi-crystal and single-crystal battery modules. Lungi, as the representative of the high-efficiency monocrystal component, will be the first to be selected for the pilot project, and the future output of the company's components is expected to increase further.
(i) Performance grew rapidly in 2017, with the financial position maintained upwards 10.846 billion yuan in operating income achieved by companies in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 27.23 per cent in the same year and 2,241 million yuan in net profit earned by mothers, an increase of 103.99 per cent in the same year. In the third quarter, $4.57 billion in operating income was achieved, an increase of 117.50 per cent in the same year, an increase in the ring.
This represents an increase of about 8 percentage points from 27.20 per cent in 16 years. Single crystal silicon achieved business income of 2,32 billion yuan. 24.02 per cent lower than in the same year, accounting for 37 per cent of the company ' s operating income, with a Māori rate of 35.48 per cent and an increase of about 7 percentage points from 28.16 per cent in 16 years. Corporate management costs increased by 0.24 percentage points to 4.07 per cent, sales costs decreased by 0.21 percentage points to 3.85 per cent and financial fees.
(ii) The year 2017 q3 performance continued to rise by billions of yuan, or 32.2.26 per cent, compared with the high growth in profitability. The significant increase in corporate performance was mainly due to a significant increase in sales of single crystal components on a year-on-year basis, while the Māori sales rate also increased significantly compared to the same period the previous year.
With respect to interest rates, the net interest rate of q3 was slightly lower than the net interest rate of q2, but the relative increase of q1 was significant.In the third quarter of the year, the company ' s sales rates, management rates and financial rates were 3.40 per cent, 3.80 per cent and 1.22 per cent, respectively.
The increase in sales has led to an increase in shipping fees, quality assurance and insurance premiums. Sales rates and financial rates have improved in comparison with q2.iii. Investment proposals - up to the "buy-in-a" investment rating as the global single crystalline silicone tap, with companies leading the world in terms of technology and capacity.
The company’s Māori rate has been rising steadily, and the profitable industry is leading. With the continued high growth in the distribution of light-voltage machines, the future of companies is expected to increase further the volume of single crystal silicone and component shipments, the lead is expected to expand further, the performance of companies in 2018 is expected to continue to outpace products such as silicone, and the expansion plans and performance growth are expected to be out of the market.
(a) Photovoltage machines are not as high as expected;