Beijing-shanghaihspeedrailway (601816ch) Epidemic shock, 2q22 performance loss, static price increase, profit recovery netlossin2q22 duetoepidemic;
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
It's better than the big city, outperform 2q22, and under the impact of the epidemic, Kyogi's metal profits were damaged and a net loss of $1.350 billion was recorded.1h22, Kyogi's business income was $7,928 million, a decline of 47.49 per cent from the previous year, resulting in a net return to his mother.
The transport industry has had a huge impact, especially in the form of anti-control devices such as Shanghai, Beijing, etc., where the company's lines are located.
Particularly severe, tight controls, stricter controls on the movement of people, a sharp drop in the number of passengers on the company ' s ccc train and in the number of non-service trains, resulting in the company ' s first six months of operations.
The impact of the epidemic on the company’s operations has been largely concentrated in rmb126.53bn/us$18.34bn, both on the ground and across the line, but cross-line operations are more resilient than on the ground. 1h22, Kyoto.
Rmb 5.46-rmb4.42 The number of passengers on the high-iron train dropped by 66.7 per cent over the same period, while the number of passengers in the railway industry fell by 42.3 per cent over the same period.
The decline was greater than the fall in the industry during the same period, mainly due to the long duration of the epidemic in Shanghai and Beijing at the company’s start-up/endpoints, and the fact that controls were more stringent than in other regions.
The company ' s Māori ratio has declined significantly, mainly because of fixed costs, such as depreciation, due to: 1) the company ' s operating income has declined significantly; 2) while the company controls operating costs, such as depreciation, by increasing and reducing trains in a timely manner, in line with changes in passenger flow and occupancy rates
The impact of the epidemic is still under market breeding, and JFK’s operating income has declined significantly, with further losses. The subsidiary JFK’s line is located in the long triangle, so it goes up.
The marine epidemic also hit its performance by falling 30 per cent to 10.17 million miles per year in train operations, 27.81 per cent to $1,636 million in operating income on year-on-year terms, net profit being the performance of the subsidiary, JFK, and net profit on the JFK at 1h22 - $3.9 billion.
The epidemic has recovered, and the demand for summer passenger transport has risen steadily. Since the beginning of the summer, as the epidemic in the country has been brought under effective control, the demand for high-speed iron flows in Kyoto has regressed through the second quarter of the year.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: As a transport corridor and economic bridge linking the north and the south, Kyoko has a gold-line asset that builds a sound basis for robust growth performance. After the outbreak, the flow recovery, the marketization of fares contribute elasticity, adding up the demand for road network services, public, etc.
The rate of growth and the number of trans-line trains has not grown as much as expected, other networks, etc.