Reverse growth in feed sales, consolidation of the vanguard status, three-quarter reviews by the Big China Group (002311), which revealed three-quarter reports in 2018, generating business income of $30,833 million in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 16.34 per cent over the same period; belonging to
The net profit of the parent company was $1,271 million, an increase of 10.59 per cent over the same period. At the same time, the company announced its total performance forecast for 2018, which is expected to result in a negative expansion of feed sales in 2018, with strong competitiveness. The company sold 789 million tons of feed in the previous three quarters, an increase of 25 per cent over the previous quarter.
The situation is more challenging for feeders to purchase, cost control, and finance their raw materials. Companies have always been more resilient to risk, depending on the size and financing capacity of leading firms. Since this year, companies have strengthened their management of their operations.
Further optimization of the product structure, with 25% growth in sales during the low industry period and increased profitability, has further consolidated its leadership and competitive advantage. The company expects to sell more than 10.5 million tons of feed throughout the year to reach tens of thousands of grades.
By the end of the third quarter, corporate fixed assets, construction in progress and productive biological assets had increased by 19.79% and 156.49%, respectively, benefited from three quarters of pig prices, which are expected to decrease. The company, while increasing, is constantly scalding itself, we believe.
Cost increases due to the impact of business expansion and financing. On the cost side, the company’s four rates (including R & D) of 6.57% in the previous three quarters, \triangleright
The increase in sales costs is mainly due to the expansion of the company’s pigware business, and the financial costs are due to the company’s increased short- and long-term borrowings. The company’s overall cost and asset liability rates (54.91%) remain at a reasonable level.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. Information Year 2014: "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts Accurately in Real Estate." 2016: Research Assistant for Investment in Sky-Eye Real Estate Industry.
A Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies