Events: In recent days, the Oceanic Group published its tri-quarters report in 2018, generating business revenues of $30,833 million in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 16.34 per cent.
The conglomerates (002311.sz) have adopted a cessional strategy, and feed sales have increased faster than industry averages. 2018q3 has achieved 3.33 million tons of feed sales, a 27 per cent increase compared to the previous six months, an increase of about 4 percentage points over industry averages. By the third quarter of 2018, companies have achieved 789 million tons of feed sales, a rise compared with the previous quarter.
25%. The company expects to sell more than 10.5 million tons of feed in the current year, an increase of 23.66% over the same year. Of this, in the case of pigs, the outbreak of the African pigpest has led to an accelerated exit of some of the industry’s production capacity, with the corresponding pressure on the company’s increase in pig sales; in the case of aquaculture, low fish prices will affect the sale of low-end particulate matter in the feed industry; in the case of poultry, the company has a large and technological advantage in the high-end sector, increasing the share of high-end materials by adjusting the product structure, keeping pace with market trends and stabilizing the growth of aquatic materials; and in the case of poultry, environmentally sound dismantling.
Liu Xiao’s research assistant affected the relocation of the farm’s main production area, and the company’s profit-making strategy enhanced the development of new markets, with a better growth in poultry during the reporting period. Industry’s low convergence and rising cost of raw materials, and a lower level of corporate profitability.
\triangleright corn is affected by the continued progress of structural reforms on the side of the agricultural supply, the reduction in the area under cultivation, the decline in production, the tightening of supply and demand, and the maintenance of a relatively high price of maize as a whole in 2018. In addition, for market expansion, the three costs of 2018q3 were 6.05%, an increase of 1.38 pct over the same period the previous year. q3 sales fees
Given the impact of the projected high yield of soybeans worldwide and the increased deployment of corn from high-pressure countries from the stock of corn to stabilize the market, we, “Atttitude is growing at a steady pace, with a strong headline” 2018.8, judge that the price of the main raw material for feed is limited upwards and that, with the stabilization of downstream farming markets, the profits of the company’s feed business are expected to improve marginally.
"Calling on the Three Treasures," 2018.4 "Property continues to be good, performance improves steadily", 2017.8 "Breaking through adversity, sailing away" 2017.4
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre continued to increase its feed and farm capacity inputs, laying the foundation for high-performance growth. Companies increased their capacity-building inputs through short-term and long-term borrowing during the reporting period. By the end of the third quarter, short-term and long-term corporate borrowing had increased by 79.53 per cent and 100 per cent, respectively, compared to the beginning of the period; on the other hand, companies had increased their construction by 92.79 per cent over the beginning of the period, mainly by 92.79 per cent.
If there is an increase in investment in the construction of new plants and farms: a 205.14 per cent increase in productive biological assets compared to the beginning of the period, mainly due to the continued expansion of corporate pig farming: other non-movable assets increased by 100.40 per cent compared to the beginning of the period, mainly due to increased investment by companies in the construction of new plants and farms, and an increase in prepaid land works. We believe that the company ' s expansion of its operations and increased productive capacity in the low-intensity of the industry has contributed to a rapid increase in market occupancy and further consolidation of the industrial elite.
At the same time, using synergies and economies of scale, the aquaculture industry is actively deployed to create new performance growth points. We believe that growth in the company’s internal dynamics is expected to accelerate. \triangleright 15 times. We maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company.
Risk factors: 1) The risk of the spread of swine fever in Africa. There is no slowing trend in the incidence of swine fever in Africa, and regional movement across the country has been severely limited. The analysis of the impact of the African swine plague \triangleright has been divided into two areas.
The first scenario, where the epidemic can be effectively controlled in the short term, the impact can be negligible, with small and medium-sized farmers taking a relatively small toll on the other hand.
As the epidemic spread throughout the country, due to the unknown flow of pre-epidemiological pig sources and similar exposures in other parts of the north-east, the possibility of an African swine plague in other regions cannot be ignored. There are two possible effects for farming enterprises, one of which is that the company ' s own pig farm is not immune and the company will be hit more if it is found that the disease pig or its associated area is placed in a punctuation zone; and two, the enterprise ' s own pig farm will not be affected by the disease.
However, the epidemic has led to a greater decomposition of pig stocks throughout the country, which in the short term has increased the difficulty of moving across the country, which may lead to higher and lower prices for pigs from both sources and non-pig-sourced areas, which in the medium and long term has led to a further improvement in the supply and demand of pig supplies, which has led to higher prices for immune-farming enterprises. On the other hand, African swine fever, including other large-scale diseases in the pig industry, has led to a significant decline in the size of the stock line, and for upstream feed businesses, there will be greater pressure on product sales.
In addition to the fact that the first outbreak of the African swine plague in our country has shown that soybeans (soybean beans) have emerged in our country, there have been strong domestic markets for agricultural products in recent years, changes in the area of cultivation and harvests in the major food-producing countries, changes in storage and subsidies policies, changes in import and export policies, fluctuations in logistics such as maritime transport and in cost, and changes in exchange rates, all of which may cause large fluctuations in agricultural prices, thus affecting feed and livestock production.
Cost has a certain impact. As trade in agricultural products internationalizes, the factors of price change in agricultural products become more complex and price volatility increases. Prices of raw materials fluctuate, and companies may be exposed to the risk of higher costs of integrated procurement if they fail to keep abreast of changes in raw material forage and to maintain timely strategic management and risk control of procurement.
Liu Dao, Assistant Agricultural Research, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Arts in Animal Sciences, University of Agriculture, China, July 2017, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for agricultural research.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.