The feed business is growing fast, and pig farming is advancing steadily.
Investment event: The company maintained a rapid increase in the sale of fodder in October, increased the production of aqueous materials, pigs and poultry, continued to optimize the structure of the produce and maintained a rapid increase in sales. 2018q1-3, the company's aquatic materials. High-end inflated materials in the aquatic structure accounted for about 40 per cent of the total, benefiting from an upturn in consumption.
In the aquatic sector, companies have seedlings, feed, and farming.
The advantages of industrial chains such as technical services, mobile security, etc., are conducive to market opening and customer vibration. I have a strong back-growth of pig matter, and the bird material returns to fast-growing channels. The market share of the 20181-3 company pig material/fowl market is a current strategy, with the central South China area, the newly developed region Sichuan and Shandong.
As the price of pigs recovers, see the future growth of pigs. The price of poultry has been warming in the recent past, and the company’s poultry material has returned to the fast-growing path.
For the development strategy, 2018q1-3 produced about 480,000 pigs, with 700,000 expected to be in place throughout the year (+52.2 per cent), of which the “corporate + farmer” model (out-of-country pig purchase) accounted for about 500,000; and the company's Māori rate declined as a result of the low average price of 18 years of pig production.
Overlaying the pig farm is in its construction phase (expected to be completed in mid-19) with a loss of about 30 million per year in breeding operations. In 2020, the company is expected to have 30 to 40 million pigs and about 1.8 million pigs out. As the market prices rise, we look forward to the company.
Investment proposals: The company is competitive in its good products and looks forward to a steady growth in its feed business; in the future, as the prices of pigs move up the road, the company ' s farm business will be released from its performance.