Polyurethane, petrochemical and new material plates combined to create a global giant.
As a giant in the polyurethane industry, Mandarin chemistry has very high technical barriers and prominent advantages in the integration of the industrial chain, and petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new material plates have a deep synergy with polyurethane plates and create new performance growth points for companies. We believe that short-term fluctuations in company performance due to factors such as the epidemic do not change the company’s long-term value.
The three major business plates, with new or expanded production capacity in the next three years, will grow in cycles, thinner and thinner. We predict that the company ' s net return profits in 2020-2022 will be 81.07, 121.86, cold storage/refrigerated vehicles and construction-friendly materials, which are expected to be the main driving force behind the continued growth of mdi demand.
According to ihs and Cheuk Intel, the largest consumption in the country's mdi downstream is the refrigerator freezer, which accounts for 30.1% of the total, which is now nearing saturation, but the rapid development of the raw and cold chain sector is expected to be much lower than the capacity of the United States and Japan's per capita cold storage.
In the area of building temperature-resistance foam, we expect more than 70% to remain low-end styrene foam in 2020, with polyurethane hard bubbles accounting for only about 10%.
We believe that polyurethane hard bubbles have a wide range of alternative spaces and are expected to evolve rapidly as policies drive them.
The good c3/c4 herna derivatives chain, the Ethylene project to be launched in the third quarter of 2020, will create new performance growth points for companies. The fine chemicals and new materials business is a step-by-step extension of the polyurethane and petrochemical industrial chains, and the company has once again broken its foreign monopoly and become the world’s few companies that have access to the production technologies of the industry chain ofadi.
One; fine chemicals and new materials, such as tpu, pc, pmma, sap, coatings, help companies to fully exploit the value of the whole industry chain, strengthen their own resilience to risk, and lay a solid foundation for companies to become the giants of globalization. Forty-two years of careful cultivation, the giants of globalization rise.
1.1 In the 42nd year of elaborate farming, the three major business-driven companies took off, formerly a smoke station synthesis plant of the Quadwa Chemical Group Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as `Wanhua Chemistry') or the company, originally established in 1978 as the first polyurethane industrial base in the history of the country; over the years,
In January of that year, the company was placed on the market and landed on the capital market: in June 2013, the smoke station's share of Mandarin Polyurethane was restricted to the company's official name, “Multi-Walk Chemical Group, Inc.”. In 2018, the company absorbed the conglomerates of shareholders through asset restructuring, bringing the whole of Manchuria's chemical-related assets on the market.
In the area of R & D, the company has built smoke stations, Beijing, Shanghai, Ningbo, the United States of America, and Hungary.
Research and development centres: In addition, the company has companies and offices in more than a dozen countries and regions, including Europe, the United States, Japan. At present, the company has six major departments, covering three major industrial clusters, including polyurethane, such as mdi, tdi, polyether polyol, acetylene and its downstream petrochemical clusters, sap, epoxypropane, etc.
tpu, pc, pmma, organochlorine, adi, aqueous paints, etc., and new material clusters.
By 2023, the company's planned production capacity included 500,000 tons of smoke, 300,000 tons of expanded production capacity, and 300,000 tons of expanded production capacity in the Ningpo industrial park, with the company's production capacity reaching 2.9 million tons, which will further consolidate the mdi industry. In addition, the company is about to invest in construction.
Mdi’s additional capacity also includes 400,000 tons of W.W.F. Construction and 400,000 tons of U.S. Production Base, and the commissioning of these two projects will further upgrade the company’s mdi’s capacity to 3.7 million tons, thereby consolidating mdi’s global dominance. The company’s tdi’s current capacity is 550,000 tons, including 250,000 tons from the Hungarian bc company and the smoke station industrial park at the end of 2018.
Three hundred and thirty thousand tons of polyether polyol is another key input in the polyurethane industry, with strong co-benefits with monocyanate, currently producing 300,000 tons of polyether polyol, which is expected to be invested in a smoke station industrial park in 2020-2021.
Production of 200,000 tonnes, when polyether polyols will increase to 500,000 tonnes. As mdi, tdi and polyether polyols continue to expand, company competitiveness in polyurethane will be further enhanced.
Hydrocarbon derivatives are dominated. The company's piped industrial park, which is the country's important manufacturing base for acrylic and derivatives, currently has 750,000 tons of acrylic production capacity. The company relies on technological innovations to extend downwards to aqueous resins (sap), new quintylene (npg), mibk, and amphibres based on first-level acrylic acids, butols, epoxypropanes, etc.
The future company’s petrochemical business will also develop c2-vinylline derivatives, and the million-ton ethylene industrial chain project is expected to be operational by the third quarter of 2020, with new production capacity including 1 million tons of ethylene combined devices, 400,000 tons of polyvinyl chloride devices, 150,000 tons of ethylene oxide devices, etc.
The integration of the industrial park polyurethane (PUR) industrial chain will provide raw materials for polyether polyethanol ethylene and epoxypropane, and can consume the by-products of the ICCP industrial chain, hcl, and contribute to the balanced development of the industrial chain.
New Wave Finance reports that the company is building its first tpu production base in Europe in Hungary, with a capacity of 15,000 tons in phase I expected to be operational by the third quarter of 2020 and a further increase in total production capacity to 30,000 tons in 2023. The total production capacity of polycarbonate (pc) is planned to be 400,000 tons, while the cigarette-plating industrial park of 70,000 tons in phase II has been launched in 2018 and is currently in phase II.
One hundred and thirty thousand tons of annual production capacity are under construction, followed by 200,000 tons of capacity planning to be implemented, which will result in a new pillar industry with high-end engineering plastic pc at its core. The company polymethylacrylate (pmma) phase of 80,000 tons was successfully put into production in early 2019, with many indicators reaching mainstream product levels in Europe, Japan, etc.
The development of the industry-wide manufacturing technology of the Didi resulted in the construction of industrial devices such as 50,000 tons of hdi, 15,000 tons of ipdi, and 25,000 tons of ipda, which broke a 70-year technological monopoly abroad.
The company has a more diversified equity structure, consisting mainly of State capital, foreign capital, and employee holdings, with the largest shareholders investing in the country, with a shareholding ratio of 21.59%. The capital investment is the management platform for the management of State holdings (equitys) held by the CSC 100% of the shares, so that the actual control of the company is the CNC. Other shareholders of the company include the CNC.
In March 2020, the company co-invested with Fujian petrochemicals.
With the establishment of the Van Hwafujiang, at zero cost, with 64 per cent of the share in the concession, and the second largest shareholder of the firm (20 per cent of the shareholding) will also be used as an employee holding platform, which will be set up to improve the equity incentives in the Van Hwaforjian, further define the interests of the company and its employees, and benefit the company.
Financial situation: The company has grown 100-fold since its listing, and the power of R & D has become the firm's core competitiveness. The company's performance has grown rapidly since its listing.
In 2015, the net profits from corporate collections and returns were $19,492 million and $1.61 billion, respectively; in 2017, the net profits from corporate collections and repatriations were significantly increased to $53,123 million and $1,1,135 million; multiple mdi devices were operating abnormally, there was a growing contradiction between supply and demand, and the prices of mdi, in particular, were rising.
During the third quarter of 2017, the Chinese market recorded a historic high of 29702 yuan/t in the mdi season, during which the company seized the opportunity to increase its supply, actively expand its markets and increase its market influence. In 2016-2017, the company suffered a fall in the performance of 2020q1, which we believe will not change the company for a long time.
Lower domestic demand and exports of commodities, with falling prices leading to a decline in corporate performance. 2020q1 company polyurethane sales amounted to 601,000 tons, a decline of 8.64 per cent compared to the previous year. Polymdi (direct sales), polymermdi (distribution), pure decline, low prices contributed to a decline of 22.69 per cent in corporate polyurethane operations; and prices for corporate petrochemical series products.
There has been a different degree of decline, but as a result of a significant increase in the volume of lpg trade, sales of petrochemicals have increased by 60.27 per cent on the same year, while receipts of petrochemicals have increased by 35.75 per cent on the same year; sales of fine chemicals and new materials have increased by 15.87 per cent on the same year, but this has been due to price pressure, which has led to a fall of 8.27 per cent on the same year.
After four years of construction, the installation of an integrated facility for the integration of epoxy propane and acrylic acids in August 2015 has been successfully operational, marking public interest.
From 2015 onwards, petrochemical plates started to be released and continued to contribute to performance. The 2015-2019 ratio of the petrochemical plates to the Māori ratio rose significantly, the chain of stone was built into production, and it ended up being a few companies around the world that have mastered the core technology of the entire industry chain.
In the past, the domestic import base of ipdi was entirely dependent on imports; at the same time, business income and Māori from the industrialization of sophisticated chemicals and new materials units, developed by companies autonomously, continued to grow for the third consecutive year, rising from 7.9 per cent to 10.4 per cent, and Māori from 6.3 per cent to 9.5 per cent.
On the basis of a series of products based on urethane, the industrial chain has been continuously extended and refined, and the collection structure and Maori structure of the past five years have been characterized by diversification into polyurethane, which has led to a full distribution of petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials. Over the last three years, the company's overseas business has developed robustly, and the Māori sales rate has fallen since it reached high levels in 2017.
In 2010, the company ' s overseas revenues and Māori revenues and Māori revenues were 2,359 million yuan and 15 million yuan, respectively, while Māori revenues and Māori contributions were 30,117 million yuan and Māori $6,463 million, respectively.
In 2016-2017, the increase in the price of mdi led to a sustained increase in the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate, which was 39.7 per cent in 2017, the highest since 2008, with the Māori rate in the polyurethane series as high as figure 8: the share of companies ' overseas operations is on the rise
Figure 9: The Māori and net interest rates for corporate sales have declined since 2018 The cost rates for listed companies have improved continuously to date, and the power of R&D has become an important core competitiveness of companies. Corporate costs have been well controlled since being listed in 2001, showing an overall downward trend in shocks.
At 15%, the cost of the company fell by 4% in 2019 by 11%. Among these, the management cost rate was significantly optimized, and the listing trend has so far declined significantly. Corporate R & D inputs and talent development complement each other and work together to build firm core competitiveness. Companies have always focused on R & D inputs to nurture technological innovation as the core competitiveness of the enterprise.
R & D expenditure as a percentage of revenue has remained at around 2.5 to 3.5%, and in 2013-2019, companies invested more than $7.4 billion in research and development. The company’s ability to sustain R & D inputs and technological innovation is inextricably linked to the importance of excellence, with its R & D staff steadily increasing over the last five years, and its R & D staff rose to 15% in 2019.
In the future, companies will increase their efforts to recruit top talent by introducing excellent students from the best national and international institutions and continuing to attract industry leaders; In the area of talent development, companies will continue to strengthen and optimize their talent development mechanisms and increase the number of employees to a higher level.
Quality training, which provides a solid basis for companies to innovate in technology. Figure 12: Companies focus on R & D and sustain R & D inputs. Figure 11: Cost rates are properly controlled during the period of listing to date
Polyurethane series: companies break technical barriers and become mdi world giants 2.1. Polyurethane applications are widespread and raw materials mdi have high technical barriers Polyurethane (pu) is called polyurethane (PUR), a German scientist o.bayer in the 1930s.
Polyurethane (PUR) is a polymer in a molecular structure containing an amino-methylate group (-nh-coo-) that is generally responded to by icylates and polyether polyols, which are currently dominated by mdi and tdi. The mdi is used mostly for the production of polyurethane hard bubbles, and the tdi is used mostly for the production of polyurethane soft bubbles and case.
Polyurethane material is a multi-purpose synthetic resin in a variety of products, which is widely used in the domestic electricity, transport, construction, textile clothing domain in the form of foams, elastomers, coatings, glues, synthetic tans, etc. As polyurethane chemical research, production manufacturing and applications technology advances and applications expand, clustering takes place.
The urethane is gradually becoming the sixth largest composite material after polyethylene (pe), polypropylene (pp), polyvinylene (pvc), polystyrene (ps), polyester (pet).
The key raw materials for synthetic polyurethanes are high technical barriers. The most critical raw materials for synthetic polyurethanes are monocrylates, which can be divided into aromatic monocrylates, such as mdi and tdi, and adipose species, such as hdi and ipti.
To date, there are a small number of chemical giants in the world that possess mdi autonomy and complete their production independently. These include Mandarin Chemistry, Bassov, Taoc Chemistry, Kostov, Hensmay, Sani Chemistry, etc. The main reason for the oligopoly pattern is that mdi has a higher method of producing liquid luminous gas.
Technical barriers, which require effective control of the chlorine and toxic light required for the production of mdi, are very high standards for safety of production. Therefore, production enterprises must have well-developed safety control systems and well-developed regulatory procedures to prevent production risks, which are not regulated and approved by countries.
In addition, mdi’s prior capital investment is significant, and production is usually two to four years, and high time and economic costs further raise barriers to entry in the mdi sector. Traditional industry giants, thanks to early technological breakthroughs and strong financial power, have in time absorbed the core competitiveness of mdi’s production, production technology, and production technology.
The stringent requirements of production security and financial inputs have become moats for the mdi sector. 2.2. Supply side: mdi supply has long been oligopolistic. 2.2.1. Global mdi supply pattern has evolved through three stages of development: foreign monopoly, domestic rise, stable growth.
Foreign oligopoly period (pre-2005): Before 2005, the global mdi industry was in the vanguard of the industrial production of monocyanate in the United States in 1950, and the only countries in which industrial production began to master mdi production techniques were the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom, and Japan. In the early 1980’s, the former smoke station synthesis of Mandarin chemistry was completed.
The plant has introduced Japanese technology and built the country’s first 10,000-ton annual production facility. Without core technology, the device has been unable to function in a stable manner, and the All-China chemistry wants to introduce more advanced technology, and many mdi manufacturers abroad have had many years of hard negotiations that ended without success. In the late 1980’s,
In October 2002, after more than a decade of research and technological adaptation of the mdi device in collaboration with the Qingdao University of Technology, the company successfully completed the 160,000 mdi software package and, after major annual repairs, expanded the annual capacity of the existing mdi device to 100,000 tons. In 2003, the National Planner Board returned 160,000 of the company ' s annual production.
Tonsmdi project feasibility studies report that the project was officially launched in Ningbo in the same year as an important milestone in the history of China’s polyurethane (PUR) industrial development. By 2004, hensmaï, Basv, Tods, Cosscomb (formerly Bayer) still had 72% of the capacity, with the MPC still under construction.
Domestic Rise (2005-2015): In 2002, Manchurian chemistry successfully developed a fully-processed mdi production facility with autonomous intellectual property rights, making us the fifth country to have large-scale mdi production technology after the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom and Japan, breaking the technological blockade in Europe and America for nearly 60 years.
The successful release of 160,000 tons of production capacity at the Manchurian Chemical Ningbo plant marks the beginning of a formal breakthrough in the key technology of mdi production, and the rise of the mdi industry. By the end of 2015, the Van Hwa Chemical Ningbo plant and the smoke station plant were fully operational and the mdi production capacity increased significantly.
In addition to 600,000 tons and 1.2 million tons of annual capacity, in 2009 the mega-business acquired the capacity of 240,000 tons of the Hungarian company bc mdi, bringing the annual capacity of the company mdi to 2.04 million tons in 2015, becoming the world ' s largest supplier of mdi, raising the global capacity ratio to around 28 per cent, and reshaping the global industry profile of mdi.
At the same time, the international giants have opened up capacity expansion in China: in 2006, the Shanghai Union Heath 240,000 mdi production unit was completed in a joint venture between China and China, and the Hengsmay Shanghai 160,000 mdi project became operational; in 2008, the Koths factory built 350,000 mdi units in Shanghai; and in 2014, the Koth factory established the Shanghai courtyard plant.
Since then, the global mdi industry has been growing steadily, maintaining oligopoly patterns. The industry giants have not stopped expanding since 2015, and in 2016, the HCBbc plant was able to grow to 300,000.
Tons; in 2017, the Shanghai Federation ' s first phase of expansion project was launched, with an increase in capacity from 240,000 tons to 350,000 tons; in BASF, the Belgian plant capacity expansion project was successfully completed, with an increase in capacity from 560,000 tons to 650,000 tons; and in the same year, the sadara 400,000 mdi production, co-financed by Saudi Amé and Tau ' s chemistry, was successfully launched.
2.2.2 The mdi sector is expected to remain oligopolistic until 2024. By the end of 2019, the global mdi produced 9.26 million tons, or about 89 per cent of the total.
The world's leading chemical industry, with 2.1 million tons of mdi's annual capacity, is now 23% of the world's total capacity, with Bastov accounting for 20%, Kostov accounting for 18%, Hensmaï accounting for 17%, and Tauc, accounting for 12%. According to the major companies' announced expansion plans, it is expected that in 2020-2024, Huanhua chemistry, Kostov and Bastov will be new.
In addition to 1.6 million tonnes, 850,000 tonnes, 300,000 tonnes of additional capacity, Xinjiang and Xinjiang and Gilling Cornel planned to build 400,000 tonnes of new mdi capacity and 800,000 tonnes of new capacity respectively. After these expansions and the full deployment of additional capacity, the global mdi capacity will reach 13.12 million tonnes, and Cr5 is expected to remain at about 84%, and the mdi industry will continue to be weak.
Demand end: Stable growth in white electricity and building-temperature materials was the main driver of mdi demand rises by 2.3.1, and global consumption of 74 per cent of mdi was from China, Western Europe and the United States, where China, Western Europe and the United States were the main consumers and locations in 2017, according to ihs data.
Of these, China is the largest consumer of mdi, with annual global consumption of 6.168 million tons, with an average annual compound increase of about 5%. Of these, China ' s consumption of mdi is growing at a global rate, with China ' s consumption rising at a high rate of 7.16 million tons in 2007 and rising to 205.2 tons in 2017.
An average annual compound increase of 11.1 per cent over 10 years is 2.2 times the average annual compound increase in global mdi consumption. ihs data show that global mdi production in 2017 was 8.0225 million tons, compared with global mdi consumption of 6.168 million tons, with 3.86 million additional mdi production to be released over the next four years, with the global mdi industry showing a supply of more than 3.8 million.
Figure 18: China, Western Europe and the United States were the top three consumption areas of mdi in 2017
The mdi downstream applications range from construction, appliances, automobiles, clothing, etc., where polymer mdi is used mainly for polyurethane hard bubbles, mostly for refrigerator refrigeration, construction, etc., to pure mdi is used mainly for polyurethane slurry, soles of shoes, etc., in synthetic leather, ammonia, shoe making, etc.
For example, in 2018, construction mdi consumption was 35.1 per cent, the largest consumption area for mdi; it was followed by glue and fillings, 20.7 per cent; and consumption ranked third in plasticized polyurethane bubbles, 10.2 per cent compared to 10.2 per cent, while tdi was generally the main raw material for polyurethane bubbles, but in the United States market in recent years it was used in the United States.
The growth of polyurethane soft bubbles, where polymermdi is a raw material, is also more pronounced, with the main applications being bedding and homekeeping, such as polyurethane memory sponges, on the market; fourth place in consumption is refrigerator refrigeration, which accounts for 8.2 per cent.
The cooler is dominated by 30.1%, while in the United States it is only 14% of the most used buildings, ranked second, followed by cars and synthetics, with 9.1% and 9.0%, respectively. The main reason is that developed countries in Europe and the United States have a series of energy-saving environmental laws that effectively promote the use of polyurethane materials for building energy efficiency, while domestic ones have an effective incentive to use them.
The policy is not yet clear and adequate, so the development space for domestic construction mdi is also illustrated in figure 21: the largest consumption of mdi in 2019 was in white domestic electricity in figure 20: the largest consumption of mdi in 2018 in the United States was in the construction industry.
2.3.3.mdi has considerable alternative space in our construction energy-efficient area and has greater potential for growth. The United States is the world’s largest energy-consuming nation.
The reasons for this are the differences in the income levels of the residents of China and the United States, the different modes of construction and the different living habits. First, the income levels of the residents of the United States are high, and the demands on the living environment are rising, leading to higher energy consumption, such as electricity consumption; and second, the way United States buildings operate.
The mechanical air-conditioning model is dominated by more Chinese buildings, which are dominated by natural ventilation; and, thirdly, the housing sector in the United States is different from the high-rise buildings in China, which are mostly independent and use lighting and air conditioning for long periods of time.
With multiple policies and environmental laws, the United States managed to promote energy conservation. In the 1960s, the United States recognized the importance of green buildings and introduced a number of policy regulations to reduce energy consumption, including minimum building consumption standards, tax breaks for green energy-efficient buildings, and support for green energy conservation.
In 1992, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the United States Department of Energy (DOE) jointly launched the Energy Star Housing Programme, which aims to build new and more energy-efficient housing, requiring manufacturers, through environmental certification of building materials, residential development, to submit test results from qualified laboratories to ensure construction materials.
Products meet the requirements of the Energy Star program, otherwise they cannot be included in government procurement lists. The US Clean Energy Security Act, passed on 26 June 2009, further requires energy efficiency in buildings, which explicitly increases energy efficiency in new residential and commercial buildings to 30-50%.
Polyurethane (PUR) is a good development opportunity in the context of the strong contribution to building energy conservation in the United States. PUR is about 0.025w/(m.k), which is nearly 1/2 lower than polystyrene, and is currently a material with less heat in industrial heat protection materials, which means the use of PUR material with the same heat security effect.
In addition, polyurethane does not melt down during combustion, and the material surfaces are carbide, so as to contain the spread of fire, thereby avoiding the combustion of other flammable materials and protecting the building structure.
As a result of excellent performance, polyurethane wall heating materials are being promoted in United States buildings, and construction consumption of mdi has declined by 39% from the same year, while construction use of mdi has also reached its lowest level since 2000, at -25.47%.
The policy orientation will be a major driving force. My country is one of the largest construction markets in the world, with most of the new buildings in the country being energy-intensive, and in recent years my country has been a major contributor.
Building energy consumption accounts for more than 30% of total energy consumption in the country, so building energy conservation is important for energy conservation in the country. At present, building-temperature foam is concentrated mainly in low- and medium-end products, with an irrational product structure that differs considerably from that of developed countries like Europe and America.
Low-cost ps/xps (polystyrene foams), with a market share of 80% in building heat-resistance foams, and only about 7% in pur (polyurethane foams), have much room for improvement. In the United States, the market share of pur in building heat-resistance foams has reached about 50%, with the share of ps 22%.
The two main reasons for the situation are, first and foremost, cost factors, calculated in the form of level b1 heat protection material, which is $1,800 per square metre for polyurethane, 650 per square metre for xps and 550 per square metre for eps, so that even if the Xps/eps heat protection material is not as good as pur for its performance, the relatively high cost advantage has kept its market occupancy high;
Second, there is a lack of clear policy direction, and in developed countries such as Europe and America, there is a clear scope for building systems and materials for different levels of building temperature protection. For example, the United States and the United Kingdom have introduced policies to limit the use of psalms, wall protection systems, and only in the cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Jiangsu, etc.
In 2012, the city of Beijing issued a circular on the management of the use and fire safety of waste-care materials outside the integrated rehabilitation project in old and old districts, setting out the requirements for the selection and use of such materials. The publication of the document made it possible to improve and rationalize competition in foreign markets.
This has further increased awareness of hard-foam polyurethane, and in 2013 the market share of pur in the construction of temperature-resistance foams in Beijing rose rapidly to 76%. Similar to the countries of Europe and the United States, policy orientation will also be the main driving force behind the rapid development of polyurethane-resistible materials in our country.
In 2019, the National Development Commission published the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2019 edition), encouraging the use of new blowing agents for the production and application of rigid polyurethane foams for hydrochlorofluorocarbons-141b (hcfc-141b).
The Qing City Housing and Urban-Rural Construction Commission issued " Workpoints for Green Building and Building Energy Conservation 2020 " , which states that the relevant policy requirements for national promotion of certification and application of green materials products should be strictly implemented and that the Green Building Year should be developed. In April, Hubei Province also issued the " Working Opinion for Building Energy Conservation and Green Building Development 2020 " , which refers to the need to:
Significant efforts to develop green building materials, with major projects continuously increasing the use of green building materials, enhancing new types of walls and energy conservation, building 764 million square metres in 2014, raising the area of building construction to 8.94 billion square metres in 2019, and increasing the annual compound rate of building construction to 4.2 per cent in 2014-2019.
The consumption of thermofoam is about 2.1 million tons, of which the polyurethane hard bubble is about 160,000 tons, assuming that the demand for the foam is increasing at the same rate as the average annual compound increase in the construction area of the country (4.2 per cent), and it can be inferred that the demand for the green foam in our buildings will reach 2.7 million tons in 2020, and we expect more than 70 per cent, or 1.9 million.
More than tonnes remain styrene foam, with polyurethane hard bubbles accounting for about 10% of the total. Thus, polyurethane hard bubbles, in the area of building temperature-resistance foam plastics, have a wide range of alternative spaces and are expected to develop rapidly as policies drive them.
2.3.4 The increase in the demand for cold storage and refrigerated vehicles will be a completely new increase for mdi. Refrigerators are the largest downstream consumption of mdi in the country, accounting for 30 per cent of the total consumption of mdi in 2019 in white domestic electricity, which is dominated by refrigerator freezers.
The production of refrigerators in the country has been growing at a high rate. Between 2009 and 2011, the number of refrigerators sold internally increased significantly, spurred by policies such as the Home Power Subsidy Policy, the Power for Old and New, and the National Standard for New Energy Efficiency in the Refrigerator. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the number of refrigerators sold in the country rose from 26 million in 2008 to 2011
At the same time, domestic demand in the domestic refrigerator industry has been overstretched, and production of refrigerators has stabilized or even declined since 2011. As an industry closely linked to the demographic structure of the population, household holdings of refrigerators have become saturated in the context of the stabilization of China’s population.
At the end of the year, the average number of refrigerators per 100 inhabitants in China reached 93.5 per cent, influenced by high penetration and low population growth, and domestic refrigerator market sales began to grow in favour of upgrading demand under structural upgrading. Since 2012, China’s refrigerator market has moved from high-growth to high-quality growth.
With increased power penetration and a shift in consumer consumption habits, there has been a stronger trend in producers in recent years. In 2020, with the spread of the first crown epidemic, a sharp increase in the consumption of raw power suppliers on the line, the country’s feeder platform has become a potential.
According to Egypt's consulting data, the growth of the raw electricity business as a whole has been steady, with a market size of $162 billion in 2019 and a projected market size of $26,384 million in 2020, a significant increase of 63 per cent. Cold-chain logistics plays a role in the operation of the raw electricity business.
With the entry of a large number of Internet players, competition patterns are increasing, and chain logistics and fresh supply chain investments are increasing the advantage of businesses with whole-chain and whole-channel resources. Cold-chain logistics includes pre-cold, refrigeration, transport, sales, etc., each link involves different cold-chain equipment.
And the corresponding cold-chain technology, which requires seamless interlinking between the different links, is needed to control the quality of the entire flow. At the refrigeration stage, according to the International Association of Refrigeration Warehouses (iarw), in 2018, our total cold-storage capacity was 0.49 cubic metres per person in the United States.
In the transport sector, the demand for refrigerated vehicles is also on the rise. According to data and projections from China's network, the production of refrigerated vehicles in 2019 was 567,000, the production of refrigerated vehicles in 2023 would reach 140,000, and the combined rate in 2019-2023 was 25.4 per cent.
With 75.9 million vehicle holdings, the country ' s refrigeration holdings have risen to 21.47 million in 2019 and an average annual composite growth rate of 23.1 per cent in 2014-2019, compared with the refrigerator freezer, the greater volume of cold storage and cold storage vehicles will result in the use of more polyurethane insulation materials, and with the rapid development of the raw-food power provider industry, the demand for cold storage and cold-storage vehicles will increase.
Long will be a completely new growth point for mdi in the refrigeration sector. Figure 27: Cold-chain logistics plays a vital role in the operation of raw power suppliers. Figure 28: We will continue to grow at a high rate in the future.
Figure 29: Our refrigeration vehicle holdings were 23.1 per cent in 2014-2019, and China has become the world ' s largest production base for tdi, with a voice in the industry 2.4.1. Supply side: global tdi has an oligopoly pattern, and China is the world ' s largest production base for tdi
In 2018, tdi ' s new production capacity was concentrated and there was a surge in tdi production worldwide. tdi (toluene diocyanate) is one of the main ingredients of monocyanate and is also one of the main ingredients of polyurethane, the production process being dominated by liquid photogas.
Technology. Global tdi capacity in 2011 was 2.37 million tons, global tdi capacity expanded to 3.31 million tons in 2018, and global tdi capacity grew at an average annual compound rate of 4.3 per cent in 2011-2018, with a significant 13.7 per cent increase in global tdi capacity compared to the year 2018, mainly due to the commissioning of 100,000 tons of chemical tdi production devices at the end of 2018, and to the launch of the German Bass.
As a result of the expansion of the 300,000-ton tdi device at the port of Fludwig, and the commissioning of the 20,000-ton tdi device at the Taur chemical sadara. The surge in capacity in 2018 broke the basic balance between global demand and supply, adding to the slowdown in global economic recovery in 2018, and since 2018, global supply and demand patterns in the tdi were greater than demand, leading to production capacity.
Global tdi now has an oligopolistic competitive pattern, accounting for 86% of cr7. Of this, Basftdi is a global leader, with a total of 860,000 tons of tdi capacity in the United States, Europe, China, and South Korea;
The second is Kossi, with a total annual capacity of 785,000 tons; the third in Mandarin chemistry, with a capacity of 550,000 tons, including 300,000 tons of smoke-plate industrial parks and 250,000 tons of capacity of the Hungarian bc company; and the fourth is the Sadara plant, a joint venture between Tao ' s chemistry and Saudi Arabia and the United States in the Middle East, which became operational in 2017.
200,000 tons of tdi production capacity; in addition, 150,000 tons of tdi production were produced in the last state, Hanhua and kpx, respectively. The country ' s tdi production capacity was 670,000 tons, or only 28.3 per cent, of total global capacity. With the continued expansion of tdi capacity, it rose to 1.9 million tons in 2018, or 35.9 per cent of total global capacity.
As the world’s largest production base, the country’s voice in the world’s tdi industry has also improved. National tdi capacity has risen year after year, mainly because of Bassif and Coth’s creation of tdi production devices in the country, and the addition or expansion of tdi production capacity in domestic enterprises, including the Hulk chemistry, petrochemicals, and Gansu silver.
Production enterprises will continue to expand, with a 225,000-tdi unit to be expanded in the final state, with a capacity of 375,000 tons in the post-natal period; and in March 2020, a joint venture with Fujian petrochemicals was announced.
The production profile of the balltdi will rise to 800,000 tons, and the global share of the world ' s tdi market is expected to rise again, further consolidating the global tdi flagship position. 2.4.2, Demand side: Sponge products are the largest consumption area downstream of the tdi and are more relevant to the real estate market.
tdi downstream is mainly used in polyurethane sponges, polyurethane coatings, sealants and polyurethane elastomers, among which sponges are the most consumed area downstream of tdi, accounting for 69 per cent of total consumption compared to tdi, and should be used mainly in areas such as mollusc furniture and car seats; the immediate downstream applications are paints, accounting for the total consumption.
20.5%; sealants and polyurethane elastomers account for 5% and 4%, respectively. Real estate recovery will boost the growth of tdi consumption, and therefore downstream demand is more relevant to the real estate market.
As a result of the slowdown in the sale of goods in the country in 2010-2012, the rate of growth in the production of soft furniture in the country and the rate of apparent consumption of tdi decreased in 2011. In 2013, the country experienced a backlash from real estate and a wave of positive growth of 17.3 per cent in the sale of goods.
Soft furniture was growing at a high rate in 2014, with a 24.3 per cent increase in the same year, and a year or so lag in the recovery of the soft furniture market, as well as a 3.8 per cent increase in the country ' s tdi-based consumption in 2014. Real estate again fell to a low level in 2014, with a subsequent slowdown in the production of soft furniture in 2015.
Growth was only 1 per cent, and the rate of growth of consumption in the country ' s tdi scale dropped significantly to -9.8 per cent in 2016, as a result of monetary policy easing and the easing of real estate regulation policies, and there was a significant increase in the sale of goods in the country, as well as a rebound in the production of flexible household equipment in the same year, with the rate of consumption in the tdi scale as high as nearly 8.9 per cent.
Figure 36: There is a certain lag between the warming of the soft furniture market and the recovery of real estate
Warm. According to Cheuk's information, in 2009 we accounted for approximately 410,000 tons of tdi consumption, with only 287,000 tons of production, while the remaining 130,000 tons were dependent on imports, with 22% of the import stock. With the release of our tdi capacity, the country ceased to rely on imports and became self-sufficient in 2012.
Importing countries have been transformed into exporters, with exports of only 1960,000 tons in 2011, exports rising to 139,000 tons in 2019, and exports of tdi growing at an average annual compound rate of 27.7 per cent in 2011-2019, bringing into operation more than one set of tdi devices in 2018, causing a surge in global supply of tdi, adding to the 2020 new crowning epidemic that slowed global demand.
As the epidemic subsides and countries return to work in an orderly fashion, the demand for tdi downstream is expected to return. Figure 38: We have been transformed from importing to exporting tdi.
The petrochemical series, which is essential for companies to complete the polyurethane chain, and the petrochemical series, which promotes the balanced development of the industrial chain, will create new performance growth points for companies. The polyurethane chain integration is a long-term development strategy for companies.
The company’s integrated equipment for epoxypropane and acrylates began construction in 2011 and was successfully launched in 2015, marking the official march of the public to the petrochemical industry. From 2015, the company’s petrochemical plate began to be released and continued to contribute to its performance.
The derivatives industry chain, with product types covering epoxypropanes, mtbe, butols, acrylic acids, acrylic acids, etc. To further improve the integration of the pyrourethane industrial chain, the company, which was approved by the Government in 2018, began the construction of the large ethylene (c2 industrial chain) project, which will be launched in the third quarter of 2020, including 1 million tons.
The future petrochemical plate will work with polyurethane plates, new material plate depths, facilitate the balanced development of the industrial chain and create new performance growth points for companies.
Figure 42: The petrochemical series further develops the polyurethane chain 3.2, multi-channel guaranteed lpg supply, builds the lpg procurement, transport, storage cost-side advantage The ipg-based configuration of the petrochemical business is the company's preferred option for the development of the petrochemical industry chain, and the petrochemical plate will be facilitated
The main components of lpg are propane, butane, and other alkalines, with a global supply of about 318 million tons in 2019 and an annual supply increase of between 2 and 5%. The shale gas revolution in the United States has led to a sharp increase in propane supply, and prices for propane and lpg have declined rapidly in the second half of 2014, and companies have been keenly seized on this window period.
Using lpg as a starting point for the petrochemical industry; secondly, diversifying the supply channels of lpg, the company could procure and have a voice through multiple channels, guaranteeing the steady supply and cost control of lpg; and thirdly, the petrochemical industry chain, starting with lpg, which also avoided significant investment in and the impact of crude oil-based refining projects.
The output of his by-products reduces competition in the traditional petrochemical industry. The petrochemical plate is a key link between the polyurethane and fine chemical industrial chains, which effectively deepens industrial chain integration and achieves industrial clustering with other businesses.
eo devices and existing po units will provide raw materials for polyether polyol production in polyurethane plates, and the Division will become a comprehensive supplier of polyurethane raw materials; at the same time, a 400,000-ton per year pvc device will take full advantage of the mdi by-product hcl, and the launch of the large ethylene project will significantly increase the efficiency of production in the smoke station industrial park.
Through years of deep farming, the company ' s lpg has built up a full-process advantage consisting of procurement, transportation, and storage. At the lpg procurement level, the company actively seeks out sources in international markets to secure raw materials, has established good cooperation with suppliers in the Middle East, North America, etc., and received Saudi Arabian cap price advice in 2016, 2017
In addition, the company signed long-term lpg supply contracts with Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi oil, Qatar oil, and Philip 66, to ensure that the lpg supply is stable. In terms of transport, the company established the Wanhua Sea in 2014.
(Singapore) Ltd., in cooperation with major international producers such as Saudi A.A.A., the company managed to access the entire ship chartering and fob operations of the super-large frozen ship (vlgc) and own 100,000 tonnes of docks. In December 2019, according to a search-fox press report, wanhua chemistry was used as a charter party, Jiangnan as a ship maker, southwest of the country.
Maritime transport, as shipowner and owner of the ship, has been contracted jointly by the three parties to deliver the three vessels to MSW for 10 years in September, November and December 2021. The signing of the agreement will provide a good basis for the development of the MSW and will provide a stronger basis for the future development of the company's petrochemical plate.
In terms of storage, the main component of the lpg is propane, which has a certain fuel properties, so the price of the lpg is highly seasonal, with a difference of $1,000-2000 per ton in the winter and summer seasons, and the company built a 1 million cubic metres underground reservoir based on its geographical advantages, which became fully operational in August 2015.
The 120 (60 x 2) million cubic metres of caves are under construction, and the underground vaults provide a low-cost storage space for lpg. In addition, companies can further increase corporate profits by regulating the procurement cycle, using storage advantages to trade in lpg, while safeguarding their own raw materials.
Figure 43: Ipg prices are clearly seasonal
The fine chemicals and new materials business is a further extension of the polyurethane and petrochemical industrial chains. The fine chemicals and new materials business in HDW is a further extension of the polyurethane and petrochemical industrial chain.
High-value pmma and powder coatings, the company also plans to use the by-product butadiene to produce high-performance engineering plastic nylon12. The company has gradually broken out of the foreign technological monopoly in various areas, creating new material industries, functional chemicals, surface materials, polycarbonate, and developing fine chemicals and new materials.
The company’s main products now cover tpu, engineering plastics, and special types of pyrecrylate, and the opening of new materials has created a wider space for the company to grow, with fine chemicals and new materials in 2016 receiving 2.732 billion yuan, increased to 7.08 billion yuan in 2019, and fine chemicals and new materials in 2016-2019.
The combined annual growth rate of 37.41 per cent is the fastest growing area of the company's three business plates; In 2019, the share of the total collection of fine chemicals and new materials and the total Māori share increased to 10.4 per cent and 9.5 per cent, respectively.
Figure 45: Increased percentage of total receipts for the operations of fine chemicals and new materials Figure 47: The series of fine chemicals and new materials is a further extension of corporate polyurethane plates and petrochemical plates 4.2, the active layout of the special isoacrylate industrial chain, breaking the 70-year monopoly of foreign enterprises
Adi is a crown jewel in the field of isocyanate, with a high value added product. There are a large number of icylates, in addition to mdi and tdi, which are the most widely used applications, with small but highly heterogeneous fats (adis), which consist mainly of major varieties such as hdi, h12mdi, ipti, etc.
The polyurethane coatings made from the aromatic aromatic hectaline have a remarkable chemical stability and excellent tolerance, so the downstream applications of the adi are widely applied to high-end areas such as car coatings and high-performance elastomers. Over the last 10 years, the country ' s mdi and tdi production has been rapidly increasing and gradually moving towards overcapacity, while the special series of di products are ready.
In the interest of industry. For a long time, only a handful of enterprises have acquired industrial production techniques for aadi, including Bastov, Kostov, Victory Chemistry, Vencorex, Xindex, Mandarin Chemistry, etc., and oligopolistic supply patterns and excellent performances make the dodi product series expensive and have a higher value added, along with mdi and tdi.
The price correlation is very low, with high resistance to risk at the lower mdi and tdi cycles. hdi is full of hexamethyl diocyanate, and the key raw materials for the synthesis of hdi are adiamine and photogas, while the upstream raw materials for dichloride are adiazine.
There are 14 devices for the production of dichlorfon worldwide, with a total capacity of about 2 million tons per year, all of the world’s producers of dichlorfon are equipped with an accompanying production facility for dichloride, and the production of dichlorfon is concentrated in enterprises such as Inveda, Bassif, Ored, and China. Therefore, on the hdi industrial chain, the supply of dichlorfon is constrained by the development of dichlorfon.
This further affects the market pattern of hdi. In 2012, the 10,000-tonne/hdi-year production unit of the Vanhua Chemical Ningpo Industrial Park succeeded in a single drive, after which the capacity of the hdi was further expanded to 50,000-tonne/year through the technology improvement project, and the production of Hdi didentium and Hdi trimerium could be further enhanced through a combined response, which would satisfy the multilayer of downstream terminal products.
Ipdi is fully known as the hexaphenol diocyanate resin, which has no benzene ring in its structure, has excellent tolerance, light stability and mechanical performance, and can be used to make high-end polyurethane materials, such as polyurethane elastomers, hydrourethane dispersibles, uv resins, etc., drying. Until 2016, it was concentrated in winning chemistry, Cossco, Bassov, and so on.
Vencorex’s domestic demand depends entirely on imports. In 2016, the All-China Chemical System succeeded in breaking through the ip-ipn-ipda-ipdi whole-sector chain and in building up its product, becoming the world’s few companies that have mastered the core technology of the ipdi whole-industry chain, and ending the country’s complete dependence on imports in the past.
Figure 48: Mandarin Chemistry Breaking Foreign Monopolies in the Ipti Field Figure 49: Hdi Prices are less correlated with mdi and tdi Prices 4.3, tpu, engineering plastics, sap, etc.
The company relies on its global leader, the mdi and rapidly rising petrochemical industry chains, to continue downstream by expanding such high-end materials as tpu, pc, pmma, sap, and a rich product system that helps the company to fully exploit the value of the whole industry chain, strengthen its own resilience to risk and provide a solid foundation for the firm to become a global industrial giant.
In 2018, one of the annual production of 70,000 tons of interface photogas polycarbonate (pc) devices at the Mandarin Chemical Smoking Plant was officially launched, the country’s first manufacturer to produce pc using the interface photogas. In January 2019, the company’s 50,000 tons of milla, 80,000 tons of pmma project was successfully launched, the largest single-line capacity in the world up to the beginning of 2019.
In March 2020, according to the EAC, the supply of raw materials to stabilize company pc installations was optimized by using the acetylene resources of the petrochemical plate and increasing competition in the pc industrial chain.
The company intends to build an annual production of 480,000 tons of biphenola integration project in a smoke station industrial park, which also includes 530,000 tons of isopropene devices and 650,000 tons of phenol acetone devices, which will provide full access to the pc industrial chain after delivery, with a view to enhancing the profitability of the pc industrial chain.
Integration into the development of new materials and fine chemicals with growth potential will help companies to resist cyclical movements. As the market penetration of paper diapers increases further, sap will continue to grow significantly in the future.
In the future, rising consumer consumption will drive the penetration of the paper panty market, with the population ageing.
Melting will trigger the generation of higher market demand for year-round incontinents, which, according to the Institute of Foresight Industries, is expected to maintain a 5% annual compound increase in demand for paper urinary pants in our country by 2024, and will simultaneously drive a sustained increase in demand for sap. The price of sap is largely consistent with the price trend of upstream raw material acrylic acid, but it is highly correlated, but it is not.
It's a small drop in the sap between the lower prices of acrylic acids. The tpu applications are wide, plastic, and have good market prospects. Hulk chemistry is the world's few suppliers of tpu and modified materials with a PUR-wide chain, and tpu is used mainly in the areas of footwear, construction, auto parts, medical treatment, glue, and so on, because it's downstream.
More widely applied, modified in many ways, so tpu is a more plastic polyurethane elastomer with good market space and growth potential. Similar to the prices of sap and acrylic acid, the price of tpu is broadly consistent with the price of pure mdi from upstream raw materials, but when the price of pure mdi falls sharply, tpu drops.
Smaller. The company can effectively withstand cycle fluctuations through new material areas such as polyurethane series and petrochemical series sap, tpu, where new materials and fine chemicals are more resistant to risk when the prices of large upstream chemicals fall. Fine chemicals and new material plates further lengthen the company ' s industrial chain.
The strong growth of the portfolio has also furthered the company’s goal to a globalized industrial giant.Fig.50:Sap is largely consistent with Acid price trends.Fig.51: The price of tpu has been reduced by a limited margin when the price of pure mdi has fallen sharply.
Polyurethane Series: In 2020, due to the impact of the epidemic, the company ' s main product mdi volume was under pressure, and we expect a decline in PUR plate performance and Māori rates; in 2021-2022, we assumed that the company ' s smoke station production base was 500,000 tons mdi enrichment project, the Ningpo production base 300,000 tons mdi expansion project, mdi sales
(b) Volume ups and there is room for price increases: the petrochemical series: assuming that the Ethylene project will be successfully operational in the third quarter of 2020 and gradually release performance, the price of the petrochemical series 2021-2022 will have the space to move up.
Fine Chemicals and New Materials Series: 2020-2022, we assumed that the company ' s production capabilities such as isopropene-phenol-bisphenol a-pc chain, ipdi, sap, water coatings, nylon 12 would continue to be released, 2020-2022, and we selected the chemical industry ' s leader, Helmstone, Hualuhingl, and Yahn Agrochemical.
The company currently pb is 3.32 times higher than the average pb of 2.80 times the average pb of the company. In our view, HD is a leader in the polyurethane industry, with extremely high technical barriers and strong advantages in the integration of the industrial chain, petrochemicals, fine chemistry, petrochemicals.
The product and new material plates will further refine the polyurethane industrial chain and create a completely new performance growth point for the company, which will grow in a cycle and thinner in the volume. We predict a net profit for the company from 2020 to 2022.