On October 29, the company published a 24-year three-quarter report, yielding 1737.78 in the previous three quarters.
Aluminium products showed significant growth in the previous three quarters, with q3 costs affecting profit performance. 1. China Aluminium Industry: Aluminium product volumes are up, q2 performance rings are larger, 3024 home-grown metallurgical-grade aluminium oxide sales are 1.58 million tons, ring ratio - 7 per cent; and fine oxidation
Production of 1.18 million tons of aluminium, ring + 9 per cent; sale of 2.01 million tons of home-grown aluminium, ring + 10 per cent.
3. China Aluminium Industry: A significant decline in impairments, more dynamic growth in performance, higher profitability of products, and a significant increase in performance on a year-on-year basis. q3 Aluminum Oxide Average Ring Ratio, 2024.3.28.
In 2022, the company transferred 100% of the share of the aluminium industry in Central and Central Aluminium to integrate the fine Oxygen assets.
In order to achieve greater clarity, enterprise development, streamlining of business management relations, and promotion of business transformation, on October 29, 2024, the company announced that it was to be given new materials in China and China.
100% equity in the industry helps to improve the efficiency of business management and promote the professional control of companies over fine aluminium oxides. New materials in the Chinese cloud in Mongolia are less expensive, and output is released at an in-kind profit level.
On October 29, 2024, the company announced the intention to reduce the sum of 1 billion yuan to the Inner Mongolia Clouds in proportion to their shareholdings in order to optimize the capital structure of the Inner Mongolia Clouds, free up excess capital and improve the use of the funds.
Efficiencies. 170,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium production in the Mongolian cloud in May, which has gradually contributed to an increase in production, with the remaining 250,000 tons of capacity planned to be produced by the end of October, releasing the energy of the Inner Mongolian cloud. At the same time, the company will continue to benefit from an integrated layout with a high price of aluminium oxide.
The profitability is expected to increase further. Aluminium prices have fallen sharply; new capacity has fallen short of expectations; production costs have risen significantly.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market