China's Iron Construction Company (601186): Disconnecting the market or re-evaluating the assets of the Chinese company's equipment operations under the flag is about to be put on the market.
Iron is a high-quality corporate asset, and there are two major equipment manufacturing platforms under the Chinese Iron flag, namely, iron and iron construction equipment, iron construction and the main battalion for iron construction, which is designed, developed, manufactured and sold for excavator equipment, orbital transport equipment and special professional equipment; and iron construction.
The company was set up in 2007 to build a track system from zero.
(601186) A significant increase in the Māori rate, with three major mature industrial plates such as machines, tunnel equipment and the active deployment of new traffic equipment, high-end agricultural machines, green construction materials with relative profitability opportunities” 2018-08-31
The group insists on the principle that only domestic space can be filled by the development of Chinese iron construction (601186), and that the market for products and technology must be among the top three in the domestic industry.
The value of the iron construction industry in China has been found (601186) to be of benefit to China's iron construction industry: the growth of overseas orders has been high.
After this break-up is completed, the development and innovation of the iron-builder will be further accelerated in terms of performance, and the growth of the iron-builder will be reflected simultaneously in the overall performance of the company, thereby increasing its profitability and robustness;
From the point of view of value discovery, the unbundling of the iron construction workers would help to fully release their intrinsic value, and the company's holding of a news building would be evaluated, and the value of the iron construction construction workers' rights and interests in China would be expected to increase further, and mobility would improve significantly.
In terms of structural optimization, the unwinding of hard-builders has helped to further broaden access to finance and improve corporate cohesion.
Efficiency, lowering the overall asset-liability ratio, and increasing the company’s combined strength. With the recent acceleration of capital operations, we believe that the re-evaluation of pb is just beginning, and as the state’s reforms deepen, we have observed an accelerated trend in capital operations, followed mainly by two.
On the other hand, the first was to reduce leverage through debt-to-equity swaps, and the second was to disclose a debt-to-equity plan of 11 billion yuan during the same period, after China has completed a debt-to-equity transfer of about 11 billion yuan; the other focus was to separate up the market, and the construction of the iron-to-reclamation redevelopment project was only the start, and the subsequent construction of the equipment.
When the business plate does not preclude continued market segmentation, the medium iron heavy worker under the Chinese flag has already been placed on the market in the second branch of the shell, and the medium iron has also held a stake in constant technology, which is expected to serve as a platform for the development of the assembly building.
We believe that, as leverage declines, business efficiency gains and high-quality asset revaluations, the value of the assets of the construction firm will be re-evaluated in the market, now less than one per cent of the pb, and we believe that there is an underestimation, and we reiterate the “buy-in” rating.
The position of absolute leader in the field has been established as a beneficiary of a future increase in industry concentration, and the valuation is now at the bottom of history, and we believe that both sound capital investment policies and segmentation, as well as the continuing in-depth reform of State enterprises, would be beneficial to the company's valuation, reiterating the “buy-in” rating.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.