CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Air China-A (601111 CH)
HOLD (Down)
Winter is coming
Target Price
RMB6.30
(Previous TP
RMB10.40)
Up/Downside
-6.3%
The Company's 2019 annual results was in line with our and consensus
Current Price
RMB6.73
estimates. Since the Company has the highest proportion of international routes,
we expect net loss for FY20E to be RMB 1,912mn, and BVPS to decrease to
China Airline Sector
RMB 6.30. Based on 1.0x P/B, we lower TP to RMB 6.30. The stock is currently
trading at 1.1x 2020E P/B, lower than historical average. Downgrade to HOLD.
Hanbo Xu
■ 2019 annual results in line. The Company announced 2019 annual results.
RPK increased 5.7% YoY, lower than guidance. Passenger load factor
increased 0.42ppt to 81.02%. Passenger yield decreased 2.2% YoY to RMB
Wenjie Ding, PhD
0.53 per RPK. Revenue decreased 0.5% YoY to RMB 140.2bn, in line with
our and consensus estimates. Impacted by the adoption of IFRS 16, interest
expenses increased 69.8% YoY to RMB 4.9bn. As a result, net profit
attributable decreased 12.7% YoY to RMB 6.4bn, in line. The Board
Stock Data
proposed cash dividend of RMB 0.04 per share for FY19.
Demand recovery faces great uncertainties. According to the Ministry of
Transport, on 31 Mar, civil aviation carried 487,600 passengers, less than 30%
of the same day last year. Due to insufficient air travel demand, passenger
load and yield both dropped. Looking forward, listed airlines generally expect
Source: Bloomberg
domestic demand to resume steady growth around May or Jun, and that
Shareholding Structure
international demand to be more uncertain. Due to the uncertainty of
China National Aviation
51.69%
demand recovery, listed airlines did not give 2020E guidance. We assume:
Holding Corporation Limited
domestic RPK growth in 1/2/3/4Q 20E is -50%/-5%/5%/10% YoY,
Cathay Pacific
18.13%
respectively; international and regional RPK growth in 2020E is -50% YoY;
Source: HKEx
passenger load factor decreases 10ppt YoY; passenger yield decreases
Share Performance
RMB 0.1 YoY.
The pandemic has the greatest impact on Air China. For the full year of 2019,
international RPK of Air China / China Eastern Airlines / China Southern Airlines
contributed 42.4% / 33.3% / 30.3% of total RPK. In Jan 2020, international RPK
Source: Bloomberg
of AC / CEA / CSA changed by -1.9% / 7.6% / 3.8% YoY, respectively. Since Air
China has the highest proportion of international routes, we believe that the
12-mth Price Performance
pandemic has the greatest impact on Air China.
Valuation. After oil price tumbled in 1Q20, we expect oil expenses to
decrease 48.3% YoY to RMB 18.6bn. We expect net loss for FY20E to be
RMB 1,912mn, and BVPS to decrease to RMB 6.30. Based on 1.0x P/B, we
lower TP to RMB 6.30. The stock is currently trading at 1.1x 2020E P/B,
lower than historical average. Downgrade to HOLD.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: Deloitte
Related Reports
"9M19 revenue in line; cautiously
optimistic 4Q19 outlook" - 1 Nov
"Expect demand to recover in
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that
which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of
their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently
evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own
investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest
in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall
be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report.
Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and
reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS
provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue
other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and
analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or
views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships
with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this
report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated
Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports
produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial
Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor. Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor.
as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons
only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.