China Wetung (601698) 2019: Global satellite communications market is highly competitive and companies are accelerating their push for net profits of 446 million yuan (+6.73 per cent), Māori rate of 39.88 per cent (-4.07 pcts), net profit
Firm growth in corporate revenue and depreciation of newly launched satellites, among other factors, have led to a decline in the Māori rate.
The reason is accumulated depreciation, monitoring fees, roe pe (ttm) for the company 's new Star 6c satellite launched in 2019.
pb(lf) Cost, influenced by increased labour costs, such as additional staff for company business development, and a significant increase in corporate management costs as a percentage of revenue (9.79 per cent, +1.25 pcts)
Increased R & D investment in research and development projects related to satellite applications at a cost of $75 million for lost insurance claims, a highly competitive global satellite communications market and a collection of satellite communications operating services in companies
The company is the core professional subsidiary of the China Space Science and Technology Group Ltd. in the satellite operating services industry and has a licence to operate basic State telecommunications operations and value-added telecommunications operations, and is the only satellite communications transport in the country that has telecommunications satellite resources and is autonomously controlled.
The company’s main business is related to satellite space segment operations and integrated information services. By the end of the reporting period, the company operated and managed 15 commercial communications broadcasting satellites, with satellite transponder resources covering c-bands, k-bands and ka-bands, and so on, in Asia.
Second-largest, sixth-largest fixed-telecommunication satellite operator in the world. Geographical distribution of corporate revenue shows that Asia-Pacific satellite, a subsidiary of corporate offshore operations in 2019, disclosed a decline in income and Māori rates as a result of 2019.
The global and Asia-Pacific regions continue to experience a low market for satellite transponders, with weak demand for satellite radio, television and satellite communications, with supply exceeding demand leading to a significant decline in the cost of bandwidth rentals for communications satellite transponders, while the Asia-Pacific satellite outlook for the future overseas transponder market will remain.
In contrast to the domestic market, which is distinguished from the decline in revenues from offshore operations, the company ' s domestic revenues in 2019 amounted to $1.787 billion (+5.90%), continuing the steady growth of nearly three years. We believe that the main reason for this is, on the one hand, the communications satellite operating industry in our country.
With certain access thresholds and pre-conditions (e.g. prohibition of foreign participation), on the other hand, in 2017, in a traditional context where the supply of resources in the c-band was greater than demand, the company launched the Sino-Star 16 high-transit communication satellite, which was the first time that our country had invested high-volume satellite resources in commercial applications and successfully expanded the market size of our satellite communications operations.
● The Sino-Star 18 loss of effort has continued to be deployed in the field of high flux satellite operations, and the Asia-Pacific 6d satellite launch is expected to change the company's position. In August 2019, the Sino-Star 18 satellite was successfully launched at the Xichang Satellite Launch Centre, and the arrows were separated from each other, but the satellite worked differently. The Sino-Star 18 satellite's ownership and risks were transferred to the company from the point of launch.
Star 18 has very little chance of establishing an effective connection with the satellite, and even if it is reconnected, the satellite does not have a positive satellite insurance payment that will be used for the follow-up satellite resource construction project. We believe that the failure of the Sino-Star 18 project, while delaying the company’s deployment of high-throughput satellite operations, is a traditional satellite transponder.
In January, the Space Science and Technology Group revealed that the Asia-Pacific Space Science and Technology Five Academy was looking at the launch star of the Asia-Pacific STAR Global High-Transit Broadband Satellite System, and that the Asia-Pacific 6d high-transit telecommunications satellite (the Asia-Pacific 6d satellite was pre-evaluated by the company and the Asia-Pacific satellite consortium Asia-Pacific Connect Investment) planned to be launched in 2020. We expect that the launch of the Asia-Pacific 6d satellite will be important in the global layout of the company's high-transit satellite operations.
One step will also be expected to improve the downward trend in corporate revenue from satellite communications operations abroad. • Steady progress in building industry applications platforms, high flux satellite marine service products are online.
With regard to existing operations, the company disclosed that during the reporting period, satellite radio and television operations in the country remained generally stable, achieving coverage of some provincial and municipal television festivals in the South China Sea and a back-up of village and village operations, while the company worked hard to develop incremental radio and television transmission satellite operations, made new progress on high-level larceny programmes, and maintained sustained growth in communications, and successfully completed related emergency communications security efforts.
New markets in South Asia, Europe, etc., have acquired new business users and expanded the scope of priority projects. With regard to new business openings, companies have begun to make steady progress in building industrial application platforms, particularly in ship-borne priority markets. On April 11, 2020, the Space Science and Technology Group revealed that the company’s subsidiary, Seastar Constellation, had officially been launched.
Using the resources of the medium star 16 satellite, the product provides high-speed broadband communications services, provides higher-quality marine-guard communications services for different types of ships, and contributes to the optimal upgrading of the marine satellite communications industry. We believe that the launch of the product is also expected to become the company's new battalion in 2020.
Source advantages and technological competitiveness, with promising companies becoming leaders in the domestic satellite communications industry; Sino-Star 18, although unsuccessful, is difficult to prevent companies from continuing to deploy in high-volume satellite operations, and the launch of the Asia-Pacific 6d satellite is expected to change the downward trend in the company's offshore operations; the Division is actively promoting the development of industry applications platforms, and the promotion of the products of Seastar Chase is expected to open up new performance growth points for companies.
Figure 1: Corporate annual reporting of operating income and growth (in billions of yuan; %) Figure 4: Corporate annual reporting of R & D inputs and their share of revenue (in millions; %) Figure 5: Corporate income from major business activities in recent years (in billions; in billions)
Figure 6: Māori ratio of company ' s main operations in recent years (in %; %)