q3 is one season high and restructuring continues.
Three quarterly reports issued by the company, resulting in revenues of $16.3 billion in January-September, an increase of 18.2 per cent over the same period; a net return of $11.02.0 billion, an increase of 65.2 per cent over the same period; a net return of $1.04 billion, an increase of 58 per cent over the same period; and a return to the q3 boom, a one-quarter rise: income and performance growth was mainly due to product prices.
Since late June, the price of the elixir has been back on the rise, especially by Fdy. The company’s long-line product is high-end, dominated by the thinning, and the average price of the company’s fdy and dty in the first half of the year is already higher than the market’s regular varieties by $1,000 and 2,000 tons, respectively.
In bit, it also contributed to performance growth; engineering plastics and polyester membrane prices increased by 34 and 16 per cent, respectively, with significant improvements in profitability; the thermal power industry continued to contribute to a steady profit. q3 Māori combined rate 18 per cent, with a 6.6 percentage point rise in ring comparison, and a net return of 540 million yuan in the third quarter, which was a new high in the single quarter.
• Continue to push for major asset restructuring: the company is about to issue shares to buy 100% of the constant investment and sequestering and raise matching funds. Helium petrochemicals (Daren) is the core asset of the constant investment to be injected, with a pta capacity of 6.6 million tons, the world’s largest single-manufacturing plant, the second largest pta plant in the country.
For the first time, it was not approved because the reorganization was inconsistent with the actual controlling person's commitments, and the company then convened a provisional stock-holder meeting.
The question is whether pta's assets will be profitable. Since July this year, pta's supply tensions have highlighted a sharp increase in prices, a significant improvement in factory profits, and a consistent investment in maternal net profit 7.8 in January-September 2017.
Hundreds of millions of dollars, the current year’s $600 million performance commitment, has been largely completed, adding confidence to the continuation of the restructuring process. The seven petrochemical bases are now the most advanced in the full installation of the Project: the high rate of growth in our polyester industry has created a huge demand for dibenzene, with a domestic demand of 2.07 million tons and imports of 12.36 million tons in 2016.
Tons, up to 56% of imports, require 4.4 million tons of benzene for the plant itself, and there is an urgent need to solve the material problem. The project is located on the island of Longsing, Dalian, with a crude oil processing capacity of 20 million tons, and a 4.5 million tons for the production of dibenzene. The project uses an all-hydrogen process route to boil the bed.
The slag oil with hydrogen cracking + solvent de-alkane heavy-oil processing technology, based on the principle of “high start, high standards, stringent requirements” and using advanced international technology packages, is fully committed to a green, ecological and environmentally friendly world-class integrated refining plant. As at 31 July, the steady refining process had reached 31 per cent of the construction work in progress.
1. Helium Equity: The semi-annual report is in line with 100 million yuan, and the full installation of the project has begun, the most advanced in the current construction of the seven petrochemical bases, and is expected to take the lead in completing the project.
2. Helium Stock Company Review: To be added to the first period of employment Industrial and Group Holding Scheme, Private Refining 3. Helium Stock Insight Report: To be injected into petrochemicals
Assets, Refining Integration Project (SIP) is expected - East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment advisory business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.