The year-round performance of the new North is robust, the two-wing layout is accelerating. 2020q4 continues to grow by more than 50 per cent, and this upturn is a further reflection of the company's business performance.
The company has been growing at a high rate since 2020q2 (with revenues of more than 30 per cent and profits of more than 50 per cent). By reference to the income volume of 2020q3, we consider the company ' s performance of $2.7 billion a year at a lower level, and this increase is more a reflection of the company ' s business performance.
The company's business is going well: in 2020, the company's business was going well, gypsum sales were growing in large double digits, sales were expected to exceed 2 billion flats a year, and average unit prices were rising with the high-end tap penetration rate, with revenue projected at $10.9 billion a year.
In the recent past, companies have purchased Xinjiang Xinjiang building materials, North building materials, North Thai building materials, 70% share in North Thai building materials, and 100% share in the China-South Su Water Research Institute.
Ten thousand tons of bone production capacity; Tarzan cast is to build two 50 million flat sheet per year. The company is moving forward to speed up the layout of the lines of business. The recent upgrades in the powerful paper industry, etc., are $300 per ton, increasing the cost of the company's unilateral raw materials by 0.1 per ton. Some of its peers have been priced, and the company as an industry.
It is expected that the price increases will be higher for future gypsum boards, and the Māori rate for the products will increase. New wood in the North: a further increase in the gypsum Maori rate, a failure to complete the job, volatile raw material prices, poor business performance, and water-proofing are not as fast as expected.
New materials in the North: Re-growing operations in the second quarter, bone bones and prevention. New materials in the North: acquisition of waterproof kings and thumbs, full access to waterproof industries.
• Construction materials: other building materials