The Research Center for Resources and Environment (RCRE) has a solid footboard, water-proofing growth space, and the company has issued a revised 20-year performance announcement, which is expected to result in a net profit of $2.7 billion to $3 billion for mothers throughout the year.
The “One Wing” strategy has advanced and performance has continued to outpace expectations: after 19 years of the company's “One Wing” strategy, the company's strategy has continued to move forward, with the global expansion of the gypsum industry, an increase in the ratio of light steel skeletons and waterproofing, leading to good sales of major products and a renewed upturn in the company's performance forecast since the fourth quarter of the year.
The gypsum production capacity continues to expand and the main industry base is becoming more secure: the company issued an announcement at the end of December 20th, 1. " Development strategy directions, gypsum head reboot " , with an annual output of 60 million m2 (accompanied by 10,000 tons of light steel dragons) in the construction of a capital in Heemin Shandong and Zouping.
In 2019, the company produced 2,752 million square metres, and if the three projects were successfully completed, the company would add 8 per cent of the additional capacity to the Xinjiang 3 enterprises, adding 57 million square metres.
The rice cardboard industry is going to go even further. Price increases can be passed, and profitability will increase: affected by epidemic and solid import control policies, paper supplies are under pressure, and several paper companies have recently increased the price of paper.
In this context, companies can effectively transfer costs downstream, with 60% of their market share. Some of the company’s products are now starting to raise prices, which are higher than the cost increase.
The State Institute for Water Protection has a 100% stake in further improving the waterproofing industry chain with a view to improving the competitiveness of waterproofing operations in terms of technology development and equipment. According to the announcement, the company plans to build 30 waterproofing bases during the “1455” period, compared to 10 at the end of the 19th year.
Deepening and upstream cooperation to capture raw material resources: Industrial by-product gypsum is the dominant material in the production of gypsum, which, in cooperation with the Weibridge Group, can be locked in to secure a stable supply of the material. 29/23/19x. Given the company ' s increased gypsum head status and waterproofing operations, the company was given a 21-year 30x
Declining real-estate investment: price changes for raw materials: recurring domestic and foreign epidemics.