New materials in the north: the “One Wing” strategy is advancing steadily, the price-raising cycle is increasing elasticity of performance Expanding, the city’s share is increasing steadily, and the size, channels and brands of companies are superior to one, both
q4 cardboard sales have grown steadily, and the price increase cycle has boosted elastic performance. In 2020, company gypsum aggregate stock/flow (million shares) was 2,015 million square metres, an increase of 2.49 per cent over the same period, of which q4 sales were about 570 million square metres.
The same-year-old growth of 14 per cent into the fourth quarter, supported by a previous year's work schedule, the acceleration of new start of real estate construction, the introduction of guidance to the completion cycle to boost demand, and a steady increase in the company's overall output; at the price level, we measured the average price of the four-quarter gypsum sheet at about 5.3 yuan per square metre, with the ring being essentially flat;
Good performance, growthable period for the future. Dollar/tonne (single sheeting consumes approximately 0.4 kg of facepaper), and the rise in facepaper boosts raw materials - 2020/10/29
Cost, because the company raised the price to transfer the cost pressure downstream, the Tarzan gypsum has now been priced 2 North (000786), " New material in North: Industry " , the first round of Tarzan and non-Tassan at 0.2 and 0.3 yuan per square metre, and the second round of Tarzan.
Performance meets expectations, waterproof business brightness and non-Taisan price increases of 0.3 and 0.4 yuan per square metre), corporate high-market dominance supports strong pricing power, companies have sufficient capacity to move downstream and move into price-raising cycles to boost performance elasticity in 2020.
New material in the north (000786). New material in the north: 1,964 million yuan in light steel bones, an increase of 26.59 per cent in the same year.
About 85,000 tons, up by more than 50 per cent in the same year, have been growing rapidly; with the company's development of the dragon bone position with the gypsum, future capacity will expand to 1 million tons, further up -5 per cent, +3 per cent, -3 per cent, with the weight rising by 3 pct over the top Thai mountain masonry ratio.
The main raw materials, spare parts, were reduced by a follow-up test at various factories, thanks to the combined production of the Tarzan cast. The 20-year Māori rate for water-resistant rolls was 36.68 per cent, an increase of 10.21 pcs compared to the same period, mainly due to a sharp fall in the price of asphalt in the first half of the year.
About 1.9 pcts, as a result of the company ' s acquisition of water-resistant construction materials in the fourth quarter of last year and at the end of the year, net sexual cash flows were 1.76 billion yuan, an increase of 193.9 per cent over the same period.
The company continued to acquire 100 per cent of Suzhou's water department and 70 per cent of Shanghai Daian's share, following the successful introduction of waterproofing from the King and Henan's thumbs into the water-proof sector, further enhancing the research and development and productive layout of the company's waterproof operations, which now form the country's 10 largest waterproof products.
The construction of the industrial base, which will be expanded to 30 bases in the future through mergers and acquisitions or self-building, while expanding the production capacity of the powder slurry operation to 4 million tons, will maintain a rapid growth in water protection operations.
Cost dividends from the lower price of asphalt in the first half of the year, waterproofing operations showed good performance: in terms of accounts receivable, however, accounts receivable and notes at the end of the reporting period amounted to $1.97 billion, an increase of some 54.1 per cent over the same period, and the expansion of waterproofing operations posed a certain level of receivable risk.
In the future, water-proofing operations will be rapidly enhanced by their own financial and industrial advantages; while the former water-proofing industries continue to develop well, it is hoped that the new North will accelerate market integration and increase industry concentration, bringing new performance growth points for companies.
By the end of 2020, the company's cardboard could reach 2,824 million square metres and continue to expand steadily, with the company's global strategic plan of 5 billion square metres, moving steadily forward, with the company's cardboard market at about the same rate as the 2020 sales ratio.
The ability to introduce cost pressures; while water protection and paint operations also remain rapidly expanding, the company's “one-wing” strategy is beginning to emerge, and the corporate overall competitiveness will become more pronounced in the future, as the production capacity of the operations and the city's share progresses, moving towards an integrated construction material consortium.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Within Pacific equities, overall industry returns are above market levels of 5 per cent or more;
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report