The company published a 20-year annual report with $16,803 million, an increase of 26.12 per cent over the previous year; and the net return to the mother.
(c) The return in the profitability of the gypsum plate and the increase in the skeletal skeletal support rate: 20 years of sale of the gypsum plate at a cost of $5.43 per square metre, a 3 per cent decrease, and the cost of production of the gypsum sheet at $3.48 per square metre, a 6 per cent decrease and a single flat hair gain of $1.95 per cent, a 3 per cent increase.
In 20 years, the company sold 2.01 billion square metres of gypsum plates, a 2% increase. Lower costs and higher sales contributed to the recovery of profits in the main gypsum industry.
To boost the coronary ratio of light steel bones. Twenty years of income from light steel bones grew by 27%, well above the gypsum intake rate, showing that the combinary ratio of light steel bones is increasing.
b Waterproofing operations were consolidated and revenues increased significantly: three waterproof businesses were acquired by companies in 19 years to enter the air defence-northern first cover report. 2020.11.10 Water operations, with the initial integration of waterproofing operations completed in 20 years with the introduction of “Integrated management plus regionalization”
In order to improve the integrated competitiveness of the water-proof plates, the company has jointly reorganized the Chusu State Water Protection Institute and acquired Shanghai Daian to improve the layout of the Wadong market. In 20 years, the company earned $3.287 billion in water-proof operations, ranking third in the industry.
The company’s water-proof business is expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace, owing to market-channel advantages and financial advantages. Industry is prominent, with higher prices increasing profitability: 20 years of corporate cardboard production at a rate of 2%, and domestic firms at the forefront of the industry, which can use the opportunity of cost growth to boost profitability.
The US import restrictions have affected the price of face paper, and the price of face paper has increased by $1,000 to the cost of the company. In 21 years, the price increase for the company's gypsum is much higher than the cost increase, and we expect the company's flat Maori will continue to rise in 21 years.
Dingsto, von Mengang, downside of the real estate industry; substantial increase in the price of asphalt; increase in the price of devulcanized gypsum; expansion of overseas operations
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment