New material in the north (000786), cardboard sales, upwards, new directions for rapid growth and layout, new material in the north.
The new material in the North is our prime producer of the cast board, which belongs to the net profit of the shareholders of the listed company of 2,860 million yuan, an increase of 548.28 per cent over the previous year; the share of the industry is about 60 per cent.
At 65% of the company’s total revenue, and at the same time producing and manufacturing light bones, the proportion of business is around 12%. At the same time, the rate of acquisition of glamour-resistant taps has remained stable at a high level. The epidemic has had a greater impact on demand, with a national stone in 2020.
Waterworks has gone into the waterproof materials industry, and cardboard sales have increased by only 0.9 per cent over the same year, and new material sales in the north have increased by up to 5 per cent over the same year. If new materials in the north are removed, the national cardboard sales have fallen by 1.4 per cent over the same period, and the company ' s capacity in 2020 was only as high.
The firm is strong. The firm can still reverse the demand when the epidemic seriously affects the demand, mainly by making debt payments and cross-share presentations: profiting from the company’s cost advantage, relying on cost advantage, and still earning profits by cutting down the price mark.
The cost advantage comes from the national layout of the company’s size and production line. The firm’s capacity is highly superior, with the gypsum of 2,824 million square metres forming an absolute size advantage over the second-largest production capacity of just a few hundred million square metres of industry, and the company’s centralized purchasing has significantly reduced production costs.
In 26 provinces and municipalities of the country, production lines are built in close proximity to power plants, close to the market, close to the original material, and significantly reduce the cost of transporting the market and raw materials.
Water protection has grown rapidly, making it the country’s third largest leader. In 2019, the company acquired three subsidiaries, King King, Kimmy, and Sichuan sheep, and the Landing Company’s two-wing development strategy. In 2020, the water protection business generated $3,282 million, making it the third largest leader in the water defence sector in the country.
The two-year rate of growth was 63.13%, exceeding the growth rate of the country’s leading companies, the Orient Rainbus (21.8 billion) and the Dilongsoon stock (over 6 billion). The company did not plan to increase the size of its water-proof business, but in the context of the company’s management and synergies, it did.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that it's still growing at a very high rate.
New materials in the North (000786). The sale of gypsum plates has turned upside down, the new directions of rapid growth and layout, and the new business layout and globalization have opened up new opportunities for growth. The company ' s waterproof business, acquired and developed as one wing of the company ' s two-wing strategy, has become the third leader in the water industry. The company ' s other wing of paint is also in the company ' s planning process.
Building on its unshakeable domestic leadership position, it is also active in expanding foreign markets, building new production lines in Uzbekistan, Tanzania, and Egypt, and achieving a global 50% share of the world’s target. The company’s efforts to create new green building materials solutions for its clients will open up new space for the company’s future development.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering the strong leadership of the gypsum business, the rapid development of new business, the opening of new space for future development by globalization and the expansion of other new products, won and $3.61, the corresponding dynamics of pe are 18, 15 and 12 times, respectively, maintaining the firm's “highly recommended” investment rating, the source of financial growth in the East.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the new material in the North (000786).
Zhao Xin’s research assistant brief analyzes his own research opinion.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
New North building material (000786). The cardboard sales are on the upside, and the new directions are growing fast and the layout does not guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.