A small increase in the Māori rate, with a 17 per cent increase in non-net interest from the other year.
The Māori rate rose slightly, with a 17 per cent increase in the non-net profit from the previous year \triangleright increasing by 1.96 per cent, with sales of 2,015 million m2, an increase of 2.49 per cent over the previous year.
If there is a slight increase in the Maori rate, which is 35.9% in the reporting period, and 2.2 percentage points in the previous year, the increase is mainly due to lower marketing costs. Marketing costs of $590 million, or 56% in the same year, are mainly due to the increase in the current period in the cost of water-resistant construction plants acquired by companies last year.
When the data are warmed back to completion, the demand for cast boards will grow steadily, and the company is expected to continue to benefit. The unit, compared to the trend of 300 depths, has the highest and rising share of the company’s cardboard business in the country.
The gypsum boards are widely used in the construction and renovation of buildings in residential and commercial and public buildings, such as industrial factories, hotels, hotels, sports halls, and writing buildings. According to company announcements, China ' s gypsum boards were sold at an annual rate of 2,015 million m2 by the end of 2020, an increase of 2.49% over the previous year, which is significantly higher than the industry average.
The demand for gypsums is expected to increase steadily in terms of industrial policies and energy conservation and environmental protection. In our home decorations, the gypsum plates are widely used in top decorations, and about 70% of the sales of gypsums are concentrated in the field of ceilings and in the area of fences.
In contrast to traditional building materials, the gypsum has the advantage of energy-efficient, fire-resistant, sound-resistant, lightweight, and economics. In developed countries like the United States, Japan, about 80% of the gypsum is used for building walls, and there should be plenty of room for upgrading in the area of walls.
In 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission published the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2019 editions) (in effect as of 1 January 2020), which encourages “protocol building products applicable to assembly buildings: materials for low-cost variable energy storage walls and components for walls: functional decorative materials and products”;
With the exception of Tibet, the “30 million square metres/year (excluding) of cardboard production line” is still restricted; the “10 million square metres/year (excluding) of cardboard production line” is still mined.
8 companies \triangleright 2019 through joint reorganization of Sichuan sheep and water protection materials Ltd., North Shining King Water and Technology Group Ltd. (formerly known as Wang Water and Construction Group Ltd.) and Henan Goldfinger Water and Water and Technology Limited have limited shares
Waterproofing materials are important functional materials for construction, mainly for industrial and civil buildings, subways, tunnels, bridges, municipal works, etc.
The water sector is growing rapidly, but the concentration of the water-resistant sector is low, and companies are expected to cut into the water-resistant sector to benefit from rapid growth. Reports report: net gains have declined in comparison with domestic capital and real estate growth as a result of the US cast-plate incident; and the rate of elimination of backward production has slowed.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Yang Jian: Together with the Department of Chemicals of the University of Nanjing, University of Rutgers, United States of America, Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, calculation of the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources), undergraduate specializing in geochemistry. Joined in October 2014 with the People ' s Biological Securities, industrial research on the direction of petrochemical, building materials, 2015.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.