Yin is in the vanguard of his own protectorate - Ely's leading innovation, control over upstream resources, and the strategic layout of the whole channel.
On 28 February 2022, the harvest made a positive contribution, while the relatively small share of healthy drinks is expected to be an important growth engine for the company.
Eli's been given warm milk and low-temperature yogurt taps, and the continued roll-out of new products in the future, and the deepening of the sink, will be the main strategy for raising the market rate:
In terms of high-end white milk, Eli launched the high-end, high-temperature white milk gold-book in 2006, increasing retail sales by 35.1% in the same year in 2020, with the city increasing by 4.9 pct to 50.6%, and ranked first in the corresponding segment of the market. In terms of high-end white milk, Eli launched the Ammush product in 2014 and the Ammush sales broke out in 2020.
In 2019, Ely was the first in the industry at 31.1% of the city, its product sku is abundant, and there is still room for product expansion of high-end products. We believe that in the future Ely’s market share in the field of constant and low-temperature yogurt milk will increase further, in mid-low-end markets.
On the ground, as corporate channels deepen, it is expected that more consumer demand will be developed, and at the mid-to-high end of the market, there will still be room for the company to dig down the sub-demand and sustain the innovation category.
Elli's late arrival in the area of Papster's milk, given that regional milk companies have some pre-emptive advantages and that it is difficult to grow quickly in the short term, and that Papecks are expected to contribute to Eli in medium- and long-term dimensions. The majority of Papacht's milk is dominated by regional milk companies, with 36.2% Papcr. in 2019, of which Light Markets are the most active.
Given the regional characteristics of the Pap milk industry, it takes some time for consumers to nurture and shift their consumption habits, and it is difficult to contribute to Ely’s performance in the short and medium term. In the medium and long term, Ely’s channels are well developed and better equipped.
With a strong source of milk and a strong marketing capacity, it is hoped that it will grow rapidly into a thinning pole. The infant and child milk industry is growing faster, with high levels of research and development, rigorous quality control systems, and super-powerful acquisition capacity that will help it reach the second highest level in the city in 2022.
In 2020, with 6.2% of the city's share, Ely's infant milk industry grew by 30% more than in 2021q3, including gold crowned care, which increased by more than 40% and became China's first-growing market brand of infant and child formula powder.
The goal of the Ili milk business is to reach the second largest in the industry in 2022, and the highest in 2025. We believe that this goal will be served by a high level of research and development, a rigorous quality control system, and a strong purchasing power.
As the cheese line continues to improve, companies innovate to introduce fresh adult cheese, and so on. We think the company's strong branding power and channels can help build cheese.
The second-growth curve of powder and dairy products, taking into account the company’s central valuation and fundamentals for the last two years, gives the Elysium shares: Yin is the first to lose.
The company was formed in June 1993 as a joint-stock cattle-raising group for the city of Hu and Hut, and in 1996 it was listed on the Shanghai Exchange as the first company in the dairy industry and has expanded rapidly since it was listed.
1.1 Equity incentives to stabilize the growth of companies, the decentralized structure of corporate equity, the high proportion of senior executives and the deep binding of interests.
Dispersed, with no real control, as top managers held 7.74% of the top 10 shareholders up to 21q3, and the current Chairman and President, Mr. Pangang, who worked in the company for more than 20 years, held 4.71% of the shares. Equity incentives promote the strategic goals of the company.
Restricted stock and employee ownership patterns, fully mobilizing management teams and staff motivation, effectively tying corporate benefits to employee interests, and contributing to the steady and sustained growth of the company. 1.2 Financial analysis: milk powder and dairy operations build the company ' s second-growth curve
The company is mainly engaged in the processing, manufacturing and marketing of dairy products and healthy drinking products of all types, with liquid milk, milk beverages, milk powders, yogurts, frozen drinks, cheese, milk fats, packaged drinking water product series.
More specifically, the growth rate of companies began to decline after 14 years of peaking, 16 years of more promotions and a decline in milk powder operations, and the rate of growth was less than 1% as the dairy industry slowed down.
After 18 years of peaking again, the growth rate slowed again in 19 and 20 years, and the net return of the company to its mothers began to grow in a single number of digits from 17 years ago, by way of specific products, at a rate faster than that of milk powder and dairy and cold drink products.
The company’s efforts to develop milk powder and dairy products, as well as the sudden increase in the collection of milk powder and dairy plates, have begun, and have since maintained its ultra-product high-end strategy to raise the company’s Māori ratio. The company’s Māori ratio has continued to rise, from 29.28% in 2011 to a high-end strategy for the Division’s products and to create a scale effect.
The cost of the company ' s period is mainly composed of sales costs, industry competition incentives in 2011-2018, companies ' increasing marketing cost inputs, concentration of sales, more stable patterns, benefiting from the company ' s falling sales cost, and 21q3 sales costs.
The rate was 21.3 per cent, while the rates for corporate management, finance and research and development remained largely stable.
The dairy sector: a steady development of the dairy sector has entered a steady period of development since the 1990s, even after the effects of price wars, quality swings and industrial shuffling.
The production sector is still growing at a relatively rapid pace. The current pattern of competition in the industry is relatively stable, and, after several rounds of large-scale shuffling, has led to a two-tier pattern of Elie and Montagnard.
The first phase, from 1949 to 1977, was characterized by unstable and slow growth in the dairy sector, with a very small number of cows and less than half a million. Three years of natural disasters between 1959 and 1961, food shortages, the use of some cows as food, negative growth in the dairy industry and greater industrial development.
2.1.2 1978-1992: stage of development, birth of the country's old standard. The second phase, from 1978 to 1992, saw rapid growth in the dairy sector, where the quantity and quality of original milk and dairy products were upgraded, but subject to technical and transport conditions, the structure of the product was still milk powder.
In terms of quality, in 1986 we introduced the “Current Milk Acquisition Standard” (the “old national standard”), which classifies the total amount of bacterial milk and protein content, standardized documentation and strict quality control.
In terms of volume, the number of cows has grown rapidly, with 2.94 million in 1992, a fivefold increase over the 1978 figure of 480,000. The production of liquid milk has risen significantly over the same period, reaching 564,000 tons in 1992, a 5.8-fold increase over 1978.
Figure 9: Rapid growth in the number of cows in stock (millions) Figure 8: Rapid growth in liquid milk production and consumption (thousands of tons) 2.1.3 1993-2007: birth of warm milk and industrial growth
The third phase was from 1993 to 2007. Since 1993, there has been an overproduction of dairy products, a serious backlog of milk powder, which accounts for up to 20% of the production of that year, and a number of dairy businesses have been in trouble. In 1997, Eli and Lei Lei started working together to introduce the world’s leading milk production line in China, thereby significantly extending the period of milk preservation.
On the one hand, the birth of warm milk breaks the shackles of short Papshire milk security and narrow transport radius, allowing milk to enter the market throughout the country and boost domestic milk consumption.
On the other hand, the excess production of dairy products was also addressed, leading upstream farming to a high rate of growth, but at this stage the industrialization of milk sources was low, there was a large number of scattered small pastures, the level of control over the quality of original milk was affected by the outbreak of “mylamine” in 2008, and the dairy industry suffered a heavy blow, with a series of consumer confidence-building efforts.
In 2010, when the dairy industry began to grow again, the head milk industry began to build its own large-scale farms and the industry accelerated the process: the “mamine” incident became the starting point for the head milk company to build its own large-scale farms.
Self-built pastures, which started after the Big Doll incident in 2004, accelerated the process with the melamine project, which, as of May 1313, left only 10% of the country's milk sources. According to the National Plan for the Development of the Milk Industry 2016-2020, in 2015 there were more than 100 cows in the country.
The country attached great importance to food safety in the aftermath of the melamine incident, and in 2011 the regulatory bodies reviewed the cleaning and re-censorship of the dairy industry, with a significant number of enterprises.
Decline: According to the Statistical Summary of China ' s Dairy Industry, the number of liquid milk and dairy manufacturing countries declined to 323 in 2011 and the trend towards industrial integration is more marked. From 122,000 yuan per ton to 146,000 yuan per ton, the cagr is 3.66 per cent for the dairy industry at this stage.
The growth of the model is mainly due to the increase in consumption and price increases associated with changes in the class of products. At this stage, milk such as the Elymon cow is active in high-end white milk, pap milk, powdered milk and cheese, and the product class is changing. 2.2 Liquefied milk: high-end, low-temperature products are growing.
2.2.1 White milk: Pap milk plate is expected to contribute to Eli in medium- and long-term dimensions, depending on the manner in which the original milk is sterilized, the white milk is divided into warm milk and pap milk, which is relatively colder, the nutrients and originals of the original milk are kept to a maximum, and consumers are more concerned about food in the context of rising consumption.
The nutrient component of the milk, which is also known as ultra-high-temperature sterilizing milk (uht), is formed via hyper-temperature instant sterilization at a temperature of 135[circ}c-150[circ}c, 4-15 seconds of sterilizing time, completely destroying the growthable microbes and spores.
Some of the unheat-resistant nutrients of milk, such as milk detergents, active proteins, and vitamins, are also destroyed. And Papow milk is used to kill harmful microbes at lower temperatures, while preserving maximum nutrients and original odours of original milk.
Bacillus mellitus (ltht) and bacillus (htst) at high and short temperatures, with relatively long preservation periods and relatively low requirements for transport of cold chains, are currently used in most low-temperature white milk methods.
Since 2014, the warm white milk market has been growing at a single-digit level, with cagr growing at only 3.3% in 2014-2019, largely on the basis of price increases. Future warm white milk development depends on strong policy support on the one hand, and future warm white milk development on the other.
In 2021, central document No. 1 clearly proposed and continued the implementation of initiatives to revitalize the milk industry. The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development then issued a letter proposing a number of specific measures to promote the comprehensive revitalization of the milk industry.
In addition, following the new crowning epidemic in 2020, the National Commission for the Defence of the Environment (CNSS) issued Guidelines on Nutritional Diets for the Prevention and Control of Pneumoconiosis with New Coronary Infectious Diseases, which explicitly recommended that 300 grams of milk and dairy products per person per day be consumed, with a growing trend towards warm and white milk as consumers increase their demand for healthy nutritional consumption.
In the long-term trend towards rising consumption, consumer demand for high-end liquid milk products is also increasing. Nelson zero shows that organic milk, hot milk, low-temperature milk, retail retail sales increased by 21.9%, 11.5%, 21.7% and high-end organic milk in 2020 compared to the same period in 2019.
Eli is a high-end, high-temperature white milk tap. Eli launched the high-end, high-temperature white milk gold fair in 2006. After decades of breeding, in 2018, the gold medal was 100 billion in size, and in 2020 the gold medal was 35.1% more retail than in the same period the previous year.
In December 2021, Elykin's sales broke out by $20 billion, making it the company's third big break-up of $20 billion. The rapid growth of gold is due mainly to two strategies, one company's vs. gold-synchronous series.
The product was upgraded, with the company launching the Golden Book organic milk series in 2017, the gold silhouette milk and New Zealand's imported milk series in 2018, upgrading the milk protein content, while the company upgrading packaging to meet consumer needs and habits, such as the dream cap package in 2019.
The Pap milk industry, which was 34.3 billion yuan in 2019 and 9.2% in 2015-2019, showed a steady rise in prices. In the past, the development of Pap milk has been limited, with contradictions arising mainly from the distribution of the country’s pastures and the separation of the consumer fields, and the concentration of our pastures in the northern, eastern and southern parts of the country.
There are fewer pastures in the region, while the market for Pap milk is concentrated in the economically developed eastern and southern provinces of Pap, where Pap milk has a short shelf life and requires cold chain transport, thus limiting its development and where Pap milk is mostly dominated by regional dairy companies, with a relatively fragmented pattern of competition. In 2019, Papcr5 was 36.2%, with the highest rate in Light City.
12.1%, followed by three dollars, or 8.7%, of fresh milk as a star's monolith, with a large market share of Pap milk that will grow in the future. In 2019, we consumed 26.7% of the total white milk consumption, well below the major dairy consumers in Canada, the United States, Japan, the United Kingdom, etc., in Japan, close to our consumption habits.
As an example, Japanese milk consumption per capita is 9.5 times higher than in Japan, so there is much room for its future growth. Pap milk is consistent with the trend of rising consumption. Pap milk retains its original sense and quality to the greatest extent possible compared to warm milk, and is rich in more active nutrients, consistent with the trend of rising milk consumption.
The cold-chain development widens the range of paaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
In 2019, the top three of our low-temperature milk industries were light, triple dollars, new milk, and 27% of our industry. In recent years, we have developed technologies such as cold chain traceability and monitoring.
The amount of cold-chain equipment has grown rapidly, with our road cold-chain transport vehicle holding 21.47 million vehicles in 2019, or tons, 3.5 times as much as in 2011, and its capr in 8 years, or 16.8 per cent, as our cold-chain construction is gradually complete.
In the medium- and long-term, the plate is expected to contribute to Eli. Overall, Eli operates in a robust manner and is late in his placement in low-temperature areas.
And then, in December 2019, Eli officially introduced three milk products: Elykin's bourbon, milk, morning milk on Ely's ranch, and ely's milk. Strategicly, all three products have a high-end field, which differs from the focus of local dairy companies.
Consumer acceptance is high, but given the regional characteristics of the Pap milk industry, the time required for consumer growth and consumption habits to change, it is difficult for Eli to be the leader of the segment in the short term. The medium- and long-term dimensions are better built, with better quality milk sources and better marketing potential.
The Bach milk industry has grown rapidly into a break-down pole. Figure 15: High rate of growth in our road cold-chain transport vehicle holdings (millions) Figure 16: High rate of growth in our cold-storage capacity (tonnes)
Acid yogurt: The city of Elie, the sour yogurt head, is a sweet, yogurt-based milk drink, based on milk, followed by bacterium bacterium, added to the milk, fermented and cooled after fermentation. Currently, our yogurt products are a milk product.
The Chinese yogurt market was 84.16 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 23.8 per cent, and the cagr was 35 per cent in 2014-2019, which is higher than the overall rate of increase in liquid milk. Figure 19: Acid milk market is growing faster than liquid milk (billion yuan)
Figure 20: Size of the market for pyrolytic yogurt and pyrolytic yogurt (billion yuan) The market for pyrolytic yogurt is nearing a steady development. In 2014-2019, the market for pyrolytic yogurt grew from $8.13 billion to $41.96 billion, with a cagr of 38.9 per cent.
Papsteric heat treatment technology, which ushered in the era of pyrolytic milk, followed by the introduction of the pyrolymic milk market in 2013 and 2014, with the introduction of pristine milk and Ammosh, respectively, the three major dairy giants, and the break-out of the cold chain with the pyroly milk.
In comparison, Ammosh, Pure and Monx, the top three of the yogurt market, together, accounted for 37.8%, and Ammosh, as a leading brand in the industry, had a market share of one fifth of the total market share of yogurt. In 2020, the Elimon cow, the two giants, had combined a 60% share of the market in the more temperate milk industry, and industry concentration continued to increase.
Eli is the leader of the constant-heat-acid milk industry. Eli introduced the Anmush product in 2014, introducing Greek yogurt, and quickly attracted consumers, with 700 million in sales in that year. And Ammush showed an explosive growth, with Ammour in 2020.
He's sold 30 billion dollars, and he's at a new high. The real company's proprietorship is later than Monx and Light, and the reason for its subsequent upturn is due mainly to the company's leadership in product innovation and improved channels, its new taste and packaging, its longer life cycle and its new product-to-many.
We believe that the future growth of the company’s soft milk plate stems mainly from the company’s continued introduction of new products, which has led to an increase in the market share, and from the company’s continued downswing channels, which led to the re-emerging of Eli in 2019.
In 2014, Eli launched the Ammosh High-end Drinking Department, Ammush.
In 2017, Eli's Innovation was launched.
Producing high-end condensed cheese spoons eating acid, yogurt, while upgrading the packaging, extending the pet bottle.
Figure 22: Competition patterns in our yogurt market, 2020
The market for low-temperature yoghurt is still growing rapidly. Between 2014 and 2019, the market grew from $20.2 billion to $42.2 billion, and capr to 15.9 per cent. Per capita consumption of low-temperature yoghurt rose from 0.88 kg/person to 1.58 kg/person, and cagr to 12.4 per cent.
Creams are similar, and their development is constrained by the characteristics of their short shelf life and cold chain transport. We believe that the future growth space for low-temperature yogurt milk stems mainly from the upgrading of germs and functions, as well as the development of cold chains.
In recent years, the major dairy companies have developed different probacterials, thus diversifying the yoghurt function. For example, in 2019, Elie introduced “nobile fermentation” with bl-99 fungs, and in 2020 the Monx introduced “crowded bb-12” with bb-12 plus bb-12 antibacterial + m8 mothers.
But, compared to mature regions, large-scale overseas yoghurt companies invest more in the development of germs, and the production of yoghurt adds a large amount of autonomous intellectual property rights to them. And my national yoghurt companies still invest less in research and research, and rely more on overseas fungus.
Increased investment in research and development is expected to uncover more fungus and upgrade the yoghurt function, including beauty, fluidity, physical maintenance, blood sugar, and blood-lipid blood-pressure yogurt, to meet the consumption needs of different groups of people. Cold-chain construction breaks transport radius chains.
Cold-chain transport is demanding, and market coverage is limited. The rapid development of the cold-chain can widen the transport of cryogenic yogurt milk and open the market space.
In 2019, three of the top industries, Elie, Monroe and Junyo, accounted for 62.7 per cent of the market share, with Eli accounting for 31.1 per cent of the total. Eli’s low-temperature yoghurt products sku are rich and cover low- and middle- and high-end markets. In the future, Eli’s market share in low-temperature yoghurt is going to be even higher.
Upgrade, in low- and medium-level markets, as corporate channels deepen, it is expected that more consumer demand will be developed, and in high- and medium-level markets, in view of the general trend of rising consumption and the deepening of consumer health awareness, there is still scope for companies to dig into sub-demands and continuing innovative products.
2.3 Infant and young child milk powder: Infant and child milk powder is the second most affected industry in the City of Irie, and is also known as infant and child formula, which is a reference indicator of breast milk nutrition, with milk powder for infants and young children, which is the main basis for their food, either cow milk or sheep milk and its products.
The first phase was until 2008, when the domestic brands continued to grow rapidly, and foreign brands began to be laid out. This step was characterized by an improved policy for infant formula, which produced a large number of national product plates, among which are Eli and Saint-Mart.
Cards occupy mid- and high-end markets, while brands such as the Deer and the Mountain are located in the lower- and middle-end markets, and foreign brands such as the Whe-Ch and the Da-Can are designed to target the country’s rapid growth of milk powder. The country’s brands account for about 60% of the market share. But the rapid growth of the industry at this stage is accompanied by a lack of effective regulation, food safety questions, etc.
The second phase, 2008-2016, saw a rapid increase in foreign branding. With the outbreak of the melamine incident in 2008, the national milk-producer-head tri-deer group went bankrupt, and a total of 69 batches of domestic milk brands were tested, and melamine was detected, and consumer confidence in the home-grown milk powder fell sharply, and the ability to do so was motivated by safety concerns.
Consumers have turned to imported milk powder, and foreign brands have seized the opportunity to quickly take over a second-line city, while cranes and Oyu, other brands not affected by the melamine incident, have retreated from the three-line urban market.
In addition, it has been established that each factory will have a maximum of three milk powder brands and nine formulas.
The threshold, the acceleration of small- and medium-sized branding, has led to an increase in industrial concentration, while the tightening of management has led to a gradual return of consumer confidence in the national product plate. Moreover, the consumption of infant milk powder has been transformed from a commercial over-consumption to a one-stop shop for mothers and children.
On 3 June 2019, the National Development Reform Commission (CNRD) issued a circular on the National Programme of Action to Improve the Distribution of Breast-milk for Infants and Young Children, which seeks to stabilize the level of breast-milk formula for infants and young children at more than 60%.
The target for the national production of milk powder is expected to boost the development of the country ' s milk powder industry. Figure 27: Intra-city and foreign branding ratio in 2019 Figure 26: China ' s infant and child milk branding ratio in 2020
Figure 29: Share of capital and foreign brands in different cities in 2019
By contrast, since 2018, the market for infant and child milk has slowed down, moving from an increase in volume to an increase in prices, driven mainly by an increase in consumption. By sub-product categories, the sales of ultra-products in 2014-2018 were significantly faster than the general product category, showing a clear upward trend in consumption.
According to the regional structure, the sales of milk to infants and young children in the new and lower-line cities grew faster in 2014-2018. We believe that this trend will continue in the future, benefiting from higher fertility rates and rising consumption, and that the market for milk tolls to infants and children in low-line cities will show an increase in prices.
Trends: From a quantitative point of view, the fertility rate in low-line cities is generally higher than in second-line cities, benefiting from the liberalization of the three-child policy, and there is still room for growth in the low-line urban population; from a price point of view, rising rates of urbanization and income-sharing for all residents will increase the purchasing power of low-line consumers.
Number of new births in China Figure 31: Slow growth in the market for infant and child milk powder (billion yuan) Figure 32: Growth of super-high-end and high-end milk powders is significantly faster than average products
Elli was a leader in the production of milk powder, but was affected by the melamine incident in 2008 and the mercury overstretched incident in 2012 and the relatively slow development of the previous milk powder business. In 2020, Eli’s share of 6.2% of the city was sixth in the industry, lagging behind cranes and Junlebo in the country’s product plates.
But Erie’s infant milk industry has grown rapidly, with 2021q3 and Erie’s milk production increasing by 30% more than the same time, and the Chinese gold crowned milk has grown by more than 40%, becoming China’s first-growing market brand for infant and child milk formula. The market for Yili’s baby milk has continued to grow.
The company has a strict quality control system. The company has a back-to-back management system, a national food system.
The company has been conducting independent research on human milk in China for 18 years since 2003, building a database on breast milk research and training in the front-line breast milk research.
High-level results have been achieved in the field, with multiple breast milk research results authorized by the State for invention and applied in the range of infant and young child formula products, in which the results of the study entitled “Key technology and industrialization of infant and child formula based on Chinese breast milk components” were awarded the United Nations Industrial Development Organization's “Global Science and Technology Innovation Award” as a major achievement.
Ely’s acquisition of the Ao Yu dairy industry has a high degree of internationalization, has a global brand of first sheep milk, and the acquisition of the Ao Yu milk industry can help Eiley to increase the layout of its dairy business and directly increase its market share in the country, and achieve a full-scale, full-priced and channeled distribution in the area of milk powder.
2.4 Cheese: The cheese plate creates a new growth curve for Eli. Cheese, also known as cheese, is a fermented milk product, similar to yogurt, all made through fermentation, and contains emulsions, but cheese has a higher concentration of yogurt and thus a greater nutritional value.
The cheese industry is in a state of rapid development. In 2020, our cheese market reached $8,843 million, an increase of 22.72 per cent from the same year in 2019 and more than 20 per cent from 2006 to 2020. In 2020, our per capita consumption of cheese was only 0.18 kg/person, much lower than in Japan and South Korea, which are close to our consumption habits.
Large growth space. At the end of consumption, the consumption of catering-side cheese has slowed since 2016, while the retail-side cheese market has increased significantly since 2018, mainly as a result of better blue than it was in 2018, the introduction of child cheese sticks, combined with ongoing consumer education and awareness-raising, and the promotion of retail-end cheese markets.
There is a growing concentration of the retail end of the cheese market. In 2020, the retail cheese market in the country was 60.9%, up from 3.6% in 2019, and the participants were divided into three echelons, the first of which consisted mainly of foreign brands and national production poles, such as Bajfu (25.0% of the market share) and the country's fine brands (19.8% of the market share).
These brands, which entered the cheese industry earlier, have a certain pre-eminence, with a high rate of city ownership. The second echelons consist mainly of milk taps, such as the Monx (1.8% market share) and Eli, which have brand and channel advantages. The third echelons consist mainly of regional dairy companies, such as Light (0.8% market share) and Trinity (market share).
In 2018, Eli created the Cheese Department, which now has products such as butter, light cream, masturbation, cheese chips, cheese chips, cheese cheese for children, etc.
Well, the company innovated in the introduction of smoky cheese, fresh-smelling adult cheese, and low-calorie pocket cheese. We thought that the company’s strong branding power and channel building could support the rapid release of cheese products, and even during the 2020 epidemic, the cheese industry had achieved a similar growth in its overall performance, with children’s cheese products,
The sales of adult cheese products are leading in the same faster industry. Figure 35: Market size of the cheese industry. Figure 36: The per capita consumption of cheese is much lower than in Japan and South Korea.
Figure 38: The retail market for cheese is growing faster 3. Product matrices are rich in innovation, corporate product matrices are rich, and the world milk giants are diversified.
In the form of the Ministry of Industry, liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, yogurts, healthy drinks, cheese, six product groups. The product lines distinguish the product from the product at the price bands, and the product matrix is full.
The dollar, which accounts for 13.73% of the company’s revenues, is small in size as a whole, but at a faster rate, producing a positive healthy drink for the company’s revenue, which is expected to be an important engine of growth for the company. For the world’s dairy industry leaders, such as Dachun and Nestlé, the company chooses to diversify, expand from dairy to non-milk products, and the healthy drink is currently available.
In the early stages of development, it contributed less to corporate revenue, but the firm has been deep-ploughing its domestic market for years, with a certain advantage, and a healthy drink is expected to be an important engine of corporate growth. Product structural upgrading has contributed significantly to the growth of corporate revenue.
In the same period, the “Eli” series of cheese products, the “Golden Book” cold milk, and the “Golden Champion” baby and baby children with upgraded formulas.
Businesses such as formula powder have developed well, becoming new growth points in corporate performance. Companies have a leading innovation capacity that drives the upgrading of the product structure:  has developed a three-tier R & D platform, “Basic R & D-T upgrade-product development.”
Basic research: The 2nd platform is dedicated to forward-looking research on products and technologies: the 3rd platform is dedicated to research and development of existing product-based products tailored to the specific consumption needs of different regions and consumption groups. The 2nd platform focuses on open innovation and the effective integration of internal and external innovation resources. Building on existing research and development platforms, companies build on existing ones.
Continuing innovation efforts, building on the continuous strengthening of basic dairy research, risk assessment and product development, have broadened the area of product research and development, while placing greater emphasis on open innovation, establishing strategic partnerships and collaborative mechanisms with leading scientific institutions and research institutions in agriculture, food and life sciences around the world and effectively integrating them
Innovative internal and external resources constantly promote the original innovation, introduction, digestion, absorption and re-innovation capabilities of enterprises. 3,109 and 5 Chinese patents for excellence, of which 552 are patented for inventions, covering various areas of liquid milk, milk powder, yogurt, cold drinks, cheese and dairy cutting-edge technology.
4. Upstream resources to build their own moat rivers. The source of milk is the basis for the development of milk companies. A stable and high-quality source of milk is important for milk companies. Because of the scarcity of large-scale pastures in the country, in recent years, large-scale dairy companies have increased their investment in upstream pastures.
By the end of 2021, the company had been involved in four large-scale ranching enterprises, including excellent pastoralism, Xekosing, medium-land milk, and constant naturality.
It is the only dairy company that controls the three main sources of gold milk, North West, Inner Mongolia and Northeast, and has the largest Chinese-style, high-quality dairy base, as well as numerous high-quality pastures that provide long-term stability in quality and production of original milk, while the company is also actively integrating global sources of quality milk in Europe, Oceania and the Americas to better meet its needs.
• In 2013, the company began the process of globalization by acquiring ocenadiairiy, New Zealand, and in November 2014, the company ' s production base in Oceania was completed in phase I, and the production base in Oceania was completed in phase II in March 2017.
The white milk products of the former production base in Oceania, “pure-nutra acupuncture”, “gold crown-breathing” infant and child formula powder, “golds” and “Berfiland” have been placed on the national market. *In 2019, the company acquired Westland, a New Zealand dairy cooperative whose original milk supply accounted for the original milk supply in New Zealand.
It should be about 4%, with products exported to more than 40 countries around the world. The company further expands the global distribution of resources in the gold milk belt to obtain high-quality and stable New Zealand milk sources and further enhances the competitiveness of the company, while helping to expand its overseas operations, diversify its product portfolio and enhance its overall branding influence.
In Europe and the Americas, companies united with first-class universities and scientific institutions to build research and development centres. In 2014, Eli worked with Wahhningen University to build a research and development entity, the European Research and Development Centre, and in the same year, Eli worked with the largest dairy company in the United States, Dfa. In 2015, Eli joined the United States first-class milk mill.
Science and scientific research institutions have led the implementation of the Central American Food Wise Valley. 5. Traditional channels have deepened and actively embraced new retail eco-deep distribution with enhanced terminal controls.
96.9 per cent, in distribution patterns, firms adopt a deep distribution model to reduce the middle of the chain, although the forward input is larger and the cycle is longer, but when built, firms are more capable of controlling the end and are more responsive to consumer feedback.
In 2006, the company implemented a web-weaving program that enabled production, marketing, market integration, fine-tuning of each market, and completed a national strategy paper on “North-South, radiant,” which was prepared by the company.
After years of deep farming and sinking, the number of company-directed village sites rose to 608,000 in 2018, 76.81% in 15-18, and by the end of 2020, the number of townships served by the company was nearly 109.60 million, up from the previous year.
5.5%. The downfall of the channel has allowed the company to seize the development opportunities of the town, and the rate of liquid milk penetration has continued to rise. By the end of 2020, the market penetration rate for regular liquid milk products had reached 84.7%, while other products will also benefit from the dividends of the construction of previous channels in the future.
Deepen the strategic layout of the channel and build a new, win-win retail ecology. Companies study consumer demand and buying lines in depth, in response to trends in the development of channels, seize the opportunities of electricity suppliers, in addition to traditional channels, and continue to increase in electricity commerce from 2014 onwards, with revenue from the company ' s electricity suppliers growing by 55.0% in late 2020 compared to the previous year.
Research data shows that companies have a 28.1% share in the retail market of electric platforms and are at the top of the market for the distribution of warm and liquid milk. Building on the enhanced operation of power platforms, companies are actively developing new retail outlets, exploring new marketing models such as community marketing, cross-border marketing, and custom-made products associated with popular pop, which are enriching.
The marketing scene has been accompanied by enhanced interaction and communication with consumers, and rapid growth in enabling operations. 6. Profit forecasting and investment advice, Ili’s leading innovation capacity, control over upstream resources, and the strategic layout of the channel form its own moat.
Eli has already made warm milk and low-temperature yogurt milk taps, and the continued introduction of new products in the future and the deepening of the sink will be the main strategy to boost the company’s market share:
In December 2021, the gold medallion broke out of $20 billion, making it the company’s third breakthrough in sales in December 2021.
On the one hand, Eli introduced the Ammosh product in 2014 and introduced the Greek yogurt, which quickly attracted the consumer, and sold 700 million in that year. And Ammush showed an explosive growth, with the Ammush sales surge in 2020.
It's 30 billion dollars, and it's a new height. The real company's proprietorship is later than Monx and Light, and the reason for its subsequent placement is mainly because the company has the leading product innovation and improved channels, since its listing in Ammush, and the company's continuous introduction of new taste and packaging, which prolongs the life cycle of the product, and the introduction of new products for the company.
In the case of low-temperature yogurt, the concentration of the industry is relatively high, with three of the top industries, Eli, Monx and Junyo, accounting for 62.7 per cent of the market share in 2019, with 31.1 per cent of the cities holding the highest position in the industry. Eli's low-temperature acid, milk products sku, covering low- and middle- and high-end markets, with high-end products still in place.
We believe that in the future Ely’s share of the city will increase further in the field of warm milk and low-temperature yogurt, at the lower and medium end of the market. As corporate channels deepen, it is expected that more consumer demand will be developed, at the middle and high end of the market, taking into account the general trend of rising consumption and the deepening of consumer health awareness, and that companies still have demand to dig down and continue to build.
There's space for new products, and Eli's late entry into Pap milk, and given the pre-eminence of regional dairy companies, the short term is going to be difficult to make a contribution to Eli's medium- and long-term dimension with fast-growing Papecks.
In 2019, Papcr5 was 36.2%, with the highest rate of 12.1% in Light Market, followed by three dollars, or 8.7%.
Three milk products are officially launched this month: Elykin's fresh milk, Ely's fresh morning milk, and Ely's milk, all strategically in high-end areas, with a different focus from that of local dairy companies. The Sheba’s milk plate is expected to contribute to Eli’s milk product in the medium and long term.
In the short term, it is difficult for Eli to be a leader in the division of the Pasha plate. The medium- and long-term dimensions are better built, with better quality milk sources and better marketing.
The Bachtian milk industry is expected to grow rapidly into a thinning pole. The infant and child milk industry is growing faster, with high levels of research and development, rigorous quality control systems, and super-powerful acquisition capacity that will help it reach the second highest level in the city in 2022.
Elli was a leader in the production of milk powder, but was affected by the 2008 melamine incident and the 2012 mercury overstretch, and the previous milk powder development process was relatively slow. In 2020, Eli’s share of 6.2% of the city was sixth in the industry, lagging behind the cranes and kings in the national product plate.
But Erie's baby milk business has grown rapidly, with 2021q3 and Erie's baby milk growing 30% faster than the same time, with gold canopy rising by more than 40% and becoming China's first-growing market for infant formula.
We believe that Eli's high-level research and development capacity, a strict quality control system, and a very strong acquisition capacity will help achieve this goal. The vanguard advantage is a boost to the growth of Elli's cheese business.
There are products such as butter, light cream, masturbated cheese, cheese chips, and cheese for children. As the cheese line continues to improve, the company innovates in the introduction of smoky cheese, fresh adult cheese with fresh taste and low-heated cheese for cheese.
Even during the 2020 epidemic, the Ministry of Cheese had achieved a significant increase in its overall performance, with children’s cheese products, adult cheese products selling at a higher rate than in the same industry. And dairy products were created as a second-growth curve, taking into account the company’s central and fundamental valuations over the last two years, and were awarded to the public.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The individual’s investment proposal, whether written or oral, is invalid in any form to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities.
Any investment decision made by the investor on the basis of the offer or bid for the securities is irrelevant to the company and to the author.