Researchchand developmentcenter.
On February 14th, 2022, the King's glory was a long way off.
The growth in the structure of the industry, with the giants enjoying a competitive pattern dividend. At a slow pace of growing consumption in the dairy industry, the rise of new products such as product structure upgrades and cheese began to dominate the growth of the industry.
The Elymon cow, as a double-hatting in the industry, by controlling the current and traditional channels in which the main consumer is located, captures market shares in the dairy industry, harvests excess revenues, and many others achieves the Elyian dairy masters. From a positive equity incentive system to a robust one.
Management; from a wide and unique source of milk to the ability to grow at the right time; from products that are constantly destabilizing the industry to the right of the industry; and from the building of a solid moat river in the human, upper and lower dairy sectors, Eli step by step to the throne of the master of the dairy industry in Asia.
Looking to the future, there are expectations in the short and long term. In the short term, product structural upgrading and falling milk prices will go a long way in increasing the spread of Eli's sales; in the medium term, the wind of its own change and policy will push Eli into a break-up in the milk powder track; in the longer term, the rise of the cheese industry and the expansion of healthy foods will open up further to Elife.
At the performance level, Eli's performance determines his long-term and constant crushing of the big indices, behind which is a two-fold increase in the net profit rate resulting from his long and arduous efforts at all levels. At the valuation end, the bottom of the Ely valuation is clear, the centre is robust, the centre is different.
The event's expectations for investors determine the different levels of valuation at the same time. Investment proposal: low valuations, very unusual. Company crushes with liquid milk, raises with gross sales spreads other sectors of the food and beverage market and their own historical valuations, Eli's undervalued and profit increases.
Catalyst for share price: milk price falls faster than expected, milk powder business grows faster than expected, liquid milk product structure : risk factors: food safety problems, increased competition in industry.
In recent years, Ily, as the Asian dairy tap, has been under the double pressure of a slowdown in the growth of the industry and a slowdown in its own performance.
Investors have some concerns about their development prospects. To this end, we have conducted an in-depth study of Eli, who believes that Eli is still growing more, for the following reasons.
The complex characteristics of industry chains, downstream products, and the expansion of low-temperature channels and sub-brands downstream through extensive upstream distribution of milk sources and production capacity, form a high-to-low-down mosaic mosaic that provides a solid basis for them to dominate the current pattern of industry competition and enjoy the dividends of industry change.
Second, the fall in milk prices and the increase in the structure of the constant temperature products will push up Elie’s gross sales spread in the short and medium term. The rise in the price of milk driven by this cost end has caused milk companies, including Eli, to raise prices for their products, while the upcoming Fed interest increase is expected to lower the price of fodder such as maize, beans, and soybeans, and raise the expectation that the increase in milk prices will slow and fall.
On the one hand, we have observed that the company ' s Māori rate has not been seriously damaged in 2020, and that the company ' s own liquid milk structure has been upgraded in addition to the product price increases. On the other hand, in 2021, the company ' s official gold medallion became the third largest single item in Ely ' s sales of more than 20 billion dollars, fully validating regular liquid milk.
The tendency to upgrade the structure of products. As a product group with a healthy nutrient attribute and a high-priced gift consumption scenario, regular high-temperature liquid milk is bound to continue to expand its share of dairy products, thus increasing the gross sales of Eli.
There has been a certain decline, but the growth in milk powder consumption per capita and the trend towards high-end industry are expected to keep the industry stable in the future. In recent years, changes and policy support in milk powder channels have contributed to the rise of some national brands of milk powder.
This is very attractive in the case of Eli, which has a very strong industry. Eli has made the milk industry the focus of his work in the coming years, and has invested heavily in the deployment of resources, the upgrading of product formulations, the opening of mother-and-child channels, and even the co-opting of external forces, and the company’s market share in the milk industry is beginning to rise significantly. This will be the most interesting thing for Eli in the medium term.
Fourth, multiple benefits in the long term will help Ely grow. Despite short-term pressure on the industry as a whole, there is a huge potential for increasing per capita consumption of dairy products, especially in rural areas, and dry dairy consumption.
For Eli, through its channel advantage, the opening up of the cheese industry and the layout of a healthy drink make its future more imaginable. So, in 22 years, the valuation is lower than the historical valuation, with profits growing at a rate comparable to that of other food beverages.
With significant advantages, Eli is one of the best options for the current stock of food and beverages.
The group, which has 117 employees, 1,160 cows and 700 kilograms of daily milk. The cattle-raising cooperation group was renamed the Red Flag Cow farm in 1970, divided into two in 1983, the cattle-raising department set up the Hoo City and the processing department set up the Moo City.