Mechanical equipment evaluates the Chinese ship's six-month review report, the industry's warmth, and it's overdone in the first half of the year.
The harvests have continued to decline, but have completed the mid-year target of $5,697 million, or 24.03 per cent, of the total, and 66.73 per cent of the total.
The harvests fell to varying degrees, but, as the international ship market was still in a period of deep adjustment, the company had set more realistic development goals at the end of 2016, and the harvest had improved in the first half of the year.
The Māori rate for the repair and power equipment operations has improved in the same year, with the ship repair ratio +4.13 ptt, while the power equipment ratio + 2.44 ptt is the main reason for the increase in the Māori rate. It is worth noting that all three of the company’s cost rates have risen, delaying performance.
As a result of the decline in interest income, such as the recession, the financial cost of 2017h1 was $516 million, which did not decrease significantly as a result of the decline in income, and the administrative cost of 2017h1 was $731 million, which represented 8.56 per cent of the revenue. In addition, the sales cost rate was +0.64 pct. Overall, 217h1.
The cumulative global ship orders are above last year's year-round, and companies are responding positively, and they are well-received to carry heavy tons (dwt), with a cumulative total of 31.43 million dwt in global new orders as of July, surpassing the 30.668 million dwt in last year's year-round.
During the first half of the year, 20 20.0356 million heavy tons of new orders were taken and the tonnage number was 68.89 per cent of the annual plan was completed. On board the ship, China and China, the market was closely followed, 15 new companies were successfully developed and livestock vessels were modified.
In the first six months of the operation, the Xiangdong Heavy Machine was equipped with 80 diesel machines and 16.1 million horsepower, and the power of the year was completed. In the context of the brief recovery of shipping in the first half of the year, the company responded positively, and the industry was still at the bottom, with the company “renovating both inside and outside” for the winter.
According to Clarkson, as of 24 August, the global number of new street orders in August was 1.18 million dwt, well below the average of the previous July. In 2000-2015, the world’s average number of new street orders was over 100 million tons, so the industry remained at the bottom.
In July/August, China’s ships’ main shipyards slowed down significantly after a heavy billing in March. China’s ship: the company’s long-drawn company, in its deep adjustment, has generally remained in a critical external environment.
China Ships: China ' s China Shipping Group Core Civil Goods Platform, mixed with others, makes it clear that the regulatory governance and business reform of listed companies should be advanced in depth, taking into account the characteristics of holding companies, offering proactive services to enterprises, and making good on-the-ground governance and reform efforts.
Business transformation development, business stabilization, efficiency delivery of services and support.
The chain of business, the absolute leader of the domestic ship, is expected to be the first to benefit from the warmth of the maritime market. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. already has a securities investment advisory board.