Electronics consumption electronic equipmentiii Global layout with rich customer resources and growing platform power . . . . ..and domestic intelligent hardware with odm dragons, global layout with rich customer resources: companies are professionals in smart and hard.
A platform for the R & D design, manufacturing and operation of products is a smart hardware odm industry, which serves, among other things, well-known manufacturers of smart hardware and Internet companies in the country and abroad.
Requirements, such as functionality, for the development and production of products for brand manufacturers, including product definition, industrial design, structural design, circuit design, software design development, testing and certification, parts and components procurement and operation, large-scale model product production, supply chain and logistics management, etc., cover the entire process of product design, development, production and operation.
In terms of trends, smart phones, laptops, and tablets, among others, are the three most visible items of smart hardware for individuals and households around the world, and are now the leading force in the development of consumer electronic terminals. According to Counterpoint, about 37% of smart phones in 2021 were odm/idh plants.
The share is expected to rise further, with about 90% of tablets and about 91% of pens produced by the odm/ems manufacturer, which is expected to be sustained or even increased in the long run. Given the pattern of competition, the industry has matured, and head producers are stronger by virtue of their strengths.
The logic is clear, with many small and medium-sized firms unable to meet client requirements being eliminated, smart hardware odm years, dragon flags, Huaqin and continued to dominate competition patterns in the global smartphone odm/idh industry, leading odm manufacturers actively expanding their odm and ems services to other smart equipment categories, and Huaqin is more intelligent than ever.
Sun Peak has short-term pressure on smartphone operations, and server, car electronics are getting stronger: subject to global macroeconomics.
The impact of many factors, such as the recession, and successive seasons of sales of consumer electronics such as smartphones, pc, etc., has led to a downturn in industry.
According to the smartphone advance report released on 7 August 2023, the total number of smartphone shipments worldwide was 265.9 million in the second quarter of this year, a drop of 9.5 per cent in the same year and 1.2 per cent in the quarterly ring.
157th – total 354th year, 2023, global smartphones will grow by 4.5% over the same period, and will continue to grow by a lower number of digits over the next five years. New space has been opened for companies to grow in the future as a result of the company’s active deployment of servers, automobile electronics.
Starting with layout and input, the core technical staff of the professional team has more than a decade of experience and accumulation, critical technology accumulation and sedimentation, deep understanding of clients' needs and customization of products, while capturing industry development.
It was developed as the first domestic supplier on the platform, with server operations selling in the first half of 2023 at the same value as a billion yuan in sales revenue. Data operations are expected to produce some good performance over the next few years through a full-store product mix, and data operations will continue to grow at a high rate.
Corporate strengths in this area: (1) R & D capacity based on the Arm architecture and the Andre system; (2) supply chain procurement and operational management capacity in the global electronics industry chain; and (3) high-reliability production aspects of traditional trio power operations facing demand recovery and increased penetration, on the one hand, and data centre operations and automobiles, on the other.
6. After several years of layout, the company server business gradually released its order, and in June this year it first released an Invelda-h800-ai server, which generated more than $1 billion in sales revenues, expected to grow at a high rate in the next few years, and expected to grow at a high rate in 2023-2025, and we selected the domestically listed consumer electronics company as a comparable company. It has a neutral message with a sophisticated combination of zero components, modules, and systems.
assembly; Gore shares are mainly engaged in the development, manufacture and brand marketing of sophisticated zero components such as acoustics, sensors, photovoltaics, 3d envelope modules, as well as smart hardware such as virtual/enhanced reality, intellectual ability to wear, smart audio, robotics, etc.
Table 2: Comparable corporate valuation (billions of dollars)