Mobilizing additional high-speed light engines to enhance the strength of core products, 5g and data centre demand for robust growth on 17/03 2020
Research Assistant Yao Jiuhua incident: On March 17, the Wirtschaftsprüfer Communication released " 2020 " : The total amount of equity fund-raising for this non-public issue was capped at $786 million (without deduction of issuance fees)
• A high-speed light engine with a demand-driven focus on 5g and data centres; and a high-speed light engine.
The core components in the speed module, the construction of the 5g network base station and the rate of upgrading of the data centre will require a large number of high-speed light engines to support them: hence, the development of the 5g data centre, the project to raise additional-coded high-speed light engines, which will also further strengthen the company ' s production of high-speed light engines.
Product development and process development in the field of goods, enrichment of the company’s strategic core R & D capabilities, strengthening of the research and development base in the field of solid light communication components, and development of new dynamical energy for productive development.
This is more than 70%, of which the most valuable component is received, so the extension of the product line, the upgrading of the product as a proportion of the total cost of the module, is the key to increasing its value. Some of the R & D centers are building up the Oaodm high-speed light device, the light separator, and the height.
Several new product lines, such as density cable connectors, fibre-optic lens arrays (lensarray), have been created with a high quality of customer resources, and new products have been released faster and more dynamically: fresco communications, deep-light communication devices, more than 10 loads of high-quality clients, both in and out of the country, have built up long-term stability with clients.
Strategic partnerships. So good quality slogans and rapid response service capabilities become the preferred suppliers for a wide range of industry-class clients; with 5g transmission and data centres, 1, Fretilt Communications (300394):
With the rising demand, the high-speed light module will be mainstreamed, and we believe that the project will be delivered in the future as expected, and that the expansion of new product lines will help to create new value for clients, as well as new performance dynamics.
“One-stop”
The solution advantage contributes steadily to performance Risk: the risk of deterioration of the operating environment abroad: the risk of increased competition in the lightware market.
Upstream "one-stop" solution provider, benefiting 5g major cyclical upscaling, Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission, already has a securities investment advisory board