In the second half of the year 2020, Shanghai Bank reported a detailed reading of the 24th of August 2020.
The company released its mid-2020 report: Mother ' s net profit grew by 3.90 per cent in the first half of the year (q1 increase by 4.34 per cent in the same year): pp0p increase by 2.25 per cent in the same year (q1 increase by -0.02 per cent in the same year): by 1.04 per cent in the same year (q1 increase by 0.54 per cent in the same year): and by an improvement in the progressive rate of growth of the pop, with the net difference continuing to widen.
The first half of the year, with an increase of 50 bp and 2.27 pct over q1, respectively, is mainly due to a lower net return on investment and a slower rate of spending on costs than the same year. The net profit spread and tax cuts, the loss of assets, the failure to increase at a higher rate, the increase in net profit returns was 44 bp over q1, but still far higher than the overall increase in urban comptoirs - 2.59 per cent.
The ratio of interest-bearing assets to interest-bearing assets has fallen by 20 bp as a result of the lower rate of return on assets of the same industry. The ratio of active liabilities to higher cost ratios has fallen.
At the forefront, future end-of-debt cost pressures are still expected to benefit more significantly from lower interest rates in the corporate market. Weakness rates are largely stable, capital is more abundant at all levels. Firms optimized lending in the first half of the year, and the ratio of loans to high-risk industries is reduced appropriately.
In addition, more than 97% of q2 end-of-cycle loans are located in economically developed long triangles, triads, and the Rim Sea, and about 69% of non-performing loans are concentrated in Shanghai, where the economy is active and assets are of good quality.
So we can have confidence in the quality of the company’s assets. At the end of q2, capital adequacy at all levels of the company is higher than the regulatory bottom line of 2-3 pct, and is at a relatively high level.
Corporate performance is better than that of the city’s comptoirs as a whole, and asset quality indicators are within reasonable range and risk is manageable. Without a gradual shift in equity following the issuance of a fungible debt, capital replenishment will further open up scope for growth.
1. Shanghai Bank (601229): faster profit growth, better savings, less favourable rates, better performance than peers
In the first half of the year, corporate business income increased by 1.04 per cent over the year, up 0.5 pct over q1, up 2.25 per cent over the year and up 2.27 pct over the quarter;
By following the industry as a whole to step up the provision, the growth rate of operating income and of the comptoirs is a more realistic reflection of the company’s business performance. The company’s performance has improved over the past quarter. Horizontally, the net profits of commercial banks and municipal comptoirs decreased by 14.41 pct and 1.24 pct to 9.41 per cent, respectively, in the first half of the year, compared to the same quarter.
By contrast, the firm’s performance has increased at a higher and smaller rate, showing a sharp better performance than that of the industry as a whole. The ratio of net profit to net profit attribution is attributed to an analysis of the relative rate of net profit return in the first half of the year: in terms of marginal change, net profit to firms has declined at a slightly lower rate than the rate of growth in the first quarter of the year, by a small 44bp. The main positive contribution comes from the negative impact of non-interest income on the margins and cost increases at the same rate.
From positive to negative, the former is mainly due to a lower net return on investments, such as tradable financial assets, than to a lower rate on the same basis, while the latter are mainly affected by the epidemic, which slows down the pace of cost spending. The main negative effects are due to a small slowdown in the net rate of increase in interest differentials, a lower rate of impairment of assets and a lower rate of negative reversals and tax cuts.
The average rate of return on accrued interest-bearing assets and accumulated average interest-bearing liabilities increased by 6.84% in the first half of the year, compared to 2019. Specifically, interest-bearing asset yields fell mainly as a result of lower market interest rates driving loans and lower returns on partner assets.
The average daily balance as a percentage of the average daily balance of interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 9bp compared to 2019, and structural optimization contributed to lower interest-bearing debt-cost rates. On the other hand, owing to the higher share of corporate active liabilities and the higher end-of-the-end cost of liabilities as a result of interest rates in the corporate market.
Listed banks. Companies are expected to continue to benefit from lower interest rates in the corporate market in the future, reducing the pressure on the end-of-the-debt cost.3 Optimizing lending flows, increasing the share of low-risk sector loans affected by the epidemic, with companies having shrunk their share of high-risk sector loans appropriately in the first half of the year, and increasing lending in the low-risk sector.
The ratio rises by 51bp and 42bp, respectively. In public lending, credit resources are tilted towards lower-performing rental and business services, raising the ratio to total loans by 1.34 pct, while loans to real estate fall by 1.42 pct, while higher manufacturing and zero loans to total loans fall by 93 bp.
4. The poor rate is largely the same, and capital is more abundant at all levels. For example, only ring increases of 1 bp and 8 bp to 1.19 per cent and 1.95 per cent, both key indicators are far better than the commercial bank as a whole during the same period (1.94 per cent and 2.75 per cent, respectively).
In the second quarter, the annualized cost of credit to companies fell by 79bp to 1.35 per cent compared to the one-quarter ring, resulting in a slight decline in the provision coverage ring.
Figure 9: Annualized credit costs and non-performing credit generation rates of banks in Shanghai The capital adequacy rate at all levels of the company is reasonably adequate. By the end of the second quarter, the capital adequacy rate at the core level of the company was 9.55 per cent, the company was approved by the Shanghai Silver Insurance Regulatory Authority to release no more than $20 billion in debt swaps, and the application process is proceeding in an orderly manner.
In the future, core-level capital will be replenished as debt-transferables are issued and equity transferred gradually, laying a solid foundation for the expansion of the size of the company. The company’s appop acceleration is better than the industry as a whole.
At the end of the second season, more than 97% of the loans were distributed in the economically developed long triangles, bead triangles, and circumcise sea areas, where about 69% of the non-performing loans were concentrated in Shanghai.
The IMSS discloses that banking failures in the Shanghai region are consistently below 1%. The dynamic economy and excellent asset quality provide a fertile soil and a solid foundation for firm growth.
A summary of company financial statement data projections. Experiences related to leasing, private fund-raising, securities, and banking. Previous studies in finance, domestic electricity, and non-ferrous industries. Used to work in the Bank of China, joined in 2019. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,