Incidents: On 21 August, the Shanghai Bank published its semi-annual report for 2020.
This represents an increase of 6.8 per cent compared to the beginning of the year; a negative rate of 1.19 per cent, with an increase of 1 bp in the ring ratio; and a provision coverage of 330.6 per cent, with the core located in Shanghai. The company has a strategic vision of “good banking” with 9.55 per cent capital adequacy at the first level.
With the core value of “precision, trust and integrity”, the net profit of 1h20 has increased by 3.9 per cent over the year in recent years by promoting specialization and fine management, with a reduction of 0.4 pct over the first quarter, mainly due to high non-interest income.
Services are growing. Inclusive finance, supply chain finance, financial innovation, human finance, investment banks, trading banks, cross-border banks, financial markets, consumer finance, pension finance,
In recent years, the Shanghai silver interest gap has widened, mainly as a result of the sharper decline in interest rates on corporate debt. The 1h20 net interest gap was 1.77%, up 8bp, up 3bp, up 1q20, and benefited mainly from the ratio of high corporate debt and the first half of the year.
Managing the trend in financial science and technology to lower interest rates on smarter and more professional corporate capital. Shanghai bankers ' liabilities represent a higher share of interest-bearing liabilities (1h20,31.3%) and services to meet the growing diversity of businesses and individual clients.
The interest rate on corporate debt has declined significantly since this year as market interest rates have fallen, and the cost of the debt has fallen more sharply, leading to a sharper spread. Monetary policy is expected to be more structural in the second half of the year, continuing to induce corporate financing to decline; asset end-of-end rates of return may fall further as the repricing effect continues to release.
Credit growth has gradually recovered in the second quarter, with a continuous improvement in the individual lending structure. Total loans at the end of June were 1.03 trillion, reflecting a gradual reduction in the impact of the epidemic on credit lending.
The value of deposits at the end of June was $1.28 trillion, which was maintained at a high level of coverage compared to the quality of consumer loan assets in the first half of the year. At the end of June, poor rates, concerns, and +21bp. As the economy continues to recover, the failure to generate retail loans will stabilize over the long term.
Investment Recommendations: Companies enjoy economic leadership and a better credit environment in Shanghai and the Long Triangle, with a clear regional advantage: the market position for the financial niche of old age has steadily increased. Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn has been steadily changing as the company moves to retail.
Bank of Shanghai (601229): Sustained improvement in interest differentials, smooth growth of profitability, significant advantages of a region, good competitiveness to establish its position within the region.
The Shanghai Bank was formed in 1996 by 98 former Shanghai City Credit Unions and Credit Unions, first known as Shanghai City Cooperation Bank, and in 2000 became Shanghai Bank Co. Ltd. Before listing, the company undertook five replenishments and one transfer of capital funds, the first of which led to offshore investors, the first to develop across regions, and the first to establish branches abroad. As of the end of June 2020, the total assets were over-exceeded.
Shanghai’s long triangle is one of the most important and developed economic and financial areas in the country.
Economic leadership and a better credit climate in the Sea and Long Triangle: in 2019, the city of the Long Triangle had a total value of 23.7 trillion yuan, or 23.9 per cent of the country ' s gdp. By the end of 2019, the banking sector in Shanghai had a poor rate of 0.93 per cent, which was below the national commercial bank level of 1.86 per cent, with a better credit environment.) The network was comprehensive and had great operational potential: Shanghai Bank, the first city comptoir to achieve cross-regional development, was currently operating in many parts of the country.)
Branches, which form a framework for the layout of key cities in the long triangle, the ring sea, the bead triangle and the centre-west. At the end of June 2020, loans from the long triangle accounted for 68%, loans from the Shanghai region for 45% and loans from other long triangles for 23%.
Retail clients have a better base: pension clients are ahead of the Shanghai market share. By the end of June 2020, corporate pension clients numbered 158.23 million, an increase of 0.54 million from the end of the previous year, and Shanghai pension stock clients ranked first: pension clients aum 31.7569 billion, an increase of 10.39 per cent from the end of the previous year, and 45.69 per cent of retail customers aum, an increase of 0.45 ptt from the end of the previous year.
At the end of 2019, Shanghai Bank managed $635.92 billion in retail customer combined assets (aum), an increase of 22.38% over the same period; it was in the forefront of the city's comptoirs.
At the end of 2019, the balance of consumer loans was about $17.51 billion: the first half of the year was affected by the epidemic, the rate of delivery slowed, and the balance fell to $161.1 billion by the end of June. The average share of consumer loans in one loan was the highest in the city, with the banks Ningpo, Xian and Shanghai accounting for more than half of all loans. In 2019, banks in Shanghai accounted for 23.10 per cent of total profits.
At this level, the future share of retail operations is expected to increase steadily and generate higher profits. Figure 3: Urban comptoirs retail aum, Figure 4: Higher share of Shanghai Bank consumer loans in 2019
Figure 5: Size of publicly listed consumer loans in 2019 (millions of yuan) 3. First half-year interest differentials continue to improve, with profit growth of 1h20 rising steadily by 3.9 per cent in the same year, up by 0.4 per cent over the first quarter, mainly due to a sharp decline in non-interest income (as compared to 23.0 per cent in the same year).
Increase of 8.4 per cent in the same year in the first half of the year, benefiting from growth in revenue from agency fees (year-on-year +41.94 per cent); and decrease of 37.3 per cent in other non-interestable income from the same year.
Figure 7: The rate of growth in the performance of banks in Shanghai in a single season: Figure 8: The split between the performance of banks in Shanghai in 1q20 and 1h20
The wider interest margin was mainly due to the sharper decline in interest rates on corporate liabilities. 1h20 net interest differentials of 1.77 per cent, an increase of 8bp over the same year, an increase of 3bp over 1q20, benefited mainly from the ratio of high corporate liabilities and lower interest rates on corporate capital in the first half of the year. Bank peer liabilities in Shanghai accounted for a higher share of interest-bearing liabilities (1h20, 31.3 per cent) and, since this year, have declined significantly with market interest rates, and the lower cost of liabilities has been more significant, leading to higher projected interest differentials.
In the second half of the year, monetary policy will be more structural, continuing to lead to lower corporate financing costs; asset end-of-end rates of return or further downs, as the repricing effect continues to release. And debt costs will be more rigid, with narrow interest differentials.
In the first half of the year, the quality of consumer lending assets was under pressure and the level of coverage was maintained at a high level. At the end of June, the rate of poor performance was 1.19 per cent, the rate of concern was 1.95 per cent, and the rate of interest was 1.95 per cent.
Compared to +1bp, +9bp. The rate of late loans was 2.14%, up from 49bp at the beginning of the year. Mostly retail loans in the first half of the year were in a period of risk release, asset quality.
Roe levels are expected to remain stable as the company’s retail transformation progresses steadily, and the economy continues to recover. Net profits are expected to increase by 1.1% 5.7% in 2020/2011, looking at the vast space in which companies serve the local economy, giving companies 0.8 times the 2020 pb target valuation, corresponding to the deterioration of asset quality due to the economic slowdown: extraneous changes in regulatory policy, etc.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Shanghai Bank (601229).
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
The research assistant gives an overview of the research profile of the teacher himself.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Shanghai Bank (601229): The interest differentials continue to improve, and profit growth is smooth and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.