China Oil Capital (000617.sz) multi-licensed and synergized.
The Financial Services Corporation, a platform for regulating oil and financial assets, integrating financial operations, investing in financial equity, and controlling financial risk, was established in October 2016 by the China Petroleum Group and completed its re-marketing in the deep-consistency a market in February 2017.
The company has a number of licensed financial operations, and the Kunon Bank, China Oil Finance, and the Kunon Gold Rent are the company’s main operations.
The Division has an interest in life, silver and Chinese securities, Chinese debt, collon capital and collon intelligence, operating banks, financial companies, financial leases, trusts, insurance, insurance brokers, securities, credit promotion, equity investment and intelligence operations.
Renting revenues were 167, 163, 2.8 billion yuan, or 43 per cent, 42 per cent, and 7 per cent, respectively.1 The Kunlón Bank (shareholding ratio is 77.09 per cent): it is based on China Petroleum’s resource excellence, is based on a combination of niches, and has significant advantages for the public sector.
mature and hopefully benefit from the settlement of the oil renminbi. 2) Middle oil finance (shareholding rate 28%): intra-group banks and sole treasury platform, with assets, income, profits, etc. remaining the highest in the country. As of 2024
(3) Co-optimal gold rents (60% shareholding): assets are concentrated in the field of transport and energy, with excellent quality of production, with poor lease capital at the end of 24 years accounting for 0.44%, a decline in the same proportion.
Full financial license plates have a pre-emptive advantage in the integrated financial layout. The expected gradual restoration of the financial system’s profitability is expected to support the corporate returns as a whole.
1. Lower-line risk in the oil industry; 2, asset quality exposure risk; 3, interest rate volatility risk affecting profitability.
Corporate profile: Specialized financial business platforms under the China Petroleum Group (CIOG) umbrella 1.1: financial operations with licence plates and a more centralized equity structure
China Oil and Gas Group Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as China Oil Group) is a specialized company responsible for financial operations and is responsible for the regulation of China's oil and gas financial assets, the consolidation of financial operations and financial equity.
A platform for investment, financial risk management. The scope of the company’s operations currently covers financial companies, banks, trusts, financial leases, insurance, insurance, insurance brokers, securities, etc., with a much wider and more specialized coverage.
The China Oil Company, China Oil Group, Chessai Dynamics Co. Ltd., holds 1.91 per cent of the shares indirectly and totals 79.26 per cent of the shares of the company. In addition, the remaining shareholders in the company hold more than 1 per cent of the shares in the Beijing City Gas Group Ltd. (1.43 per cent of the shares).
The company has a larger number of licensed financial operations, providing one-stop comprehensive financial services. Central oil capital operates mainly through its holding bank, Central Oil Finance, Kunon Financial Leasing, China Oil Assets, Exclusive Insurance, Kunlon Insurance Brokers, as well as stock participation.
Financial leasing, trust, insurance, insurance brokerage, securities, credit enhancement, equity investment and digital intelligence is a comprehensive and comprehensive financial services company that has been implementing a consistent and stable cash-sharing policy for many years.
Less than the standard of 30% net profit attributable to the parent company found gold dividends. For the first time in 2024, the medium-term bonus was implemented, and the company was expected to remain stable until that time and is expected to further enhance the attractiveness of the share price. 1.2 Financial performance: trust project risks have a performance burden
According to the Dubon analysis, the corporate total asset turnover and equity multipliers remained largely stable, and the fall in roe was mainly due to a sharp fall in net home interest rates. With trust project risk gathering, capital market warming, net profits and roe were expected to rebound.
1.3 Main business: Commercial banks, financial companies are the main business block, interest income is the main business, commercial banks, financial companies are the main business of the company, and the profit pattern is the main interest differential income. In 2024, commercial banks, financial companies, financial leasing, trust operations, and other business branches earned operating income by industry groups, respectively, 167, 163, 163, 163, 163, 163, 163, 163, 163, 163, 163,
Of the 28, 400, 2.7 billion yuan, or 43 per cent, 42 per cent, 7 per cent, 1 per cent and 7 per cent respectively, the income forms of commercial banks, financial companies, and financial leases are dominated by interest income. Interest income, fees and commissions received in 2024, earned premiums and other income amounted to 343, 16, 23, 800 million yuan, or 88 per cent, 4 per cent, 6 per cent and 2 per cent, by income form.
Figure 8 Interest income is the company's main income form (millions of yuan). Figure 11: Domestic market revenue as a percentage of nearly 80 per cent.
Column Bank: Integrated Specialized Bank for Deep Farming Oil and Gas Industry Chains, Ltd., a State-owned financial enterprise with a central oil capital hold, as a conglomerate city commercial bank with a distinct development character.
In April 2009, China’s Oil Group recapitalized and acquired a hold on the commercial bank in Kramaye. In April 2010, the commercial bank in Kramaye was officially renamed Kunlun Bank.
In terms of the equity structure, the share share of the middle oil capital, the first shareholder in the Kullen Bank, is 77.09%.