WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
Peptide business becoming a new growth driver
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB116.01
WuXi AppTec reported 3Q23 revenue of RMB10,670mn, up 0.3% YoY, and
(Previous TP
RMB116.73)
attributable recurring net income of RMB2,948mn, up 23.8% YoY, with attributable
Up/Downside
34.1%
adjusted non-IFRS net income of RMB3.072mn, up 24.3% YoY. 3Q23 revenue
Current Price
RMB86.51
accounted for 25.6% of our 2023 full-year estimate, in line with its historical average,
while attributable adjusted non-IFRS net income represented 29.1% of our forecast,
China Healthcare
higher than its historical average of c.26%. In 9M23, non-IFRS gross profit margin
JIII WU, CFA
(GPM) improved by 3.6ppt to 42.3% while non-IFRS net profit margin increased by
3.7ppt to 27.6%, driven by favourable currency exchange rates and continuously
improved operating efficiency. As of Sep 2023, overall backlog increased by 25% YoY,
if excluding commercial COVID-19 projects, per management. Considering the weak
Benchen HUANG, CFA
demand in early-stage discovery services, management revised down the full-year
revenue YoY growth target from 5-7% to 2-3%, which now implies non-COVID
revenue growth of 25-26% YoY in 2023E. Nevertheless, management slightly raised
non-IFRS gross profit margin target by 0.5% to 41.7-42.1% for 2023E to reflect the
Stock Data
further improved operating efficiency. Additionally, management has proposed to
terminate the 2023 H-share incentive plan, and to repurchase and cancel over 15.5mn
H-shares (~0.52% of total share capital) with a value of HK$1.3bn.
Source: FactSet
projects, 9M23 revenue of WuXi AppTec would grow by 23.4% YoY, primarily
Shareholding Structure
driven by the 48.2% YoY growth of the D&M services within its chemistry segment.
Based on our calculation, in 9M23, the Company booked c.RMB3.0bn revenue
from commercial COVID projects. In addition, the management expected the
weak global demand in early-stage R&D services to be temporary and is confident
Share Performance
in the Company's long-term growth outlook. The management indicated WuXi
AppTec's revenue to grow more than 20% YoY in next few years (excluding the
impact of commercial COVID projects).
Source: FactSet
TIDES business to become the next growth driver. We believe the promising
TIDES (mainly oligo and peptides) business will become a major growth driver for
12-mth Price Performance
the Company. In 9M23, TIDES revenue grew by 38.1% YoY, on top of 337% YoY
growth in 2022. More excitingly, backlog of TIDES as of Sep 2023 dramatically
increased by 245% YoY, leading to the management guidance of over 60% YoY
growth in TIDES revenue 2023E and another 60%+ YoY growth in 2024E. To
accommodate the rapidly growing demand of peptide drugs, WuXi AppTec aimed
to increase its solid phase synthesizer capacity for peptide production to 32,000L
by the end of 2023, one year ahead of its original schedule. We expect the
Source: FactSet
Company to generate meaningful future revenue from providing CMO services for
a blockbuster dual-targeted GLP-1 product. We expect the Company to capture
the growing opportunities in the global peptide market given its sizable peptide
manufacturing capacities and strong global customer network.
Maintain BUY. Our TP remains largely unchanged at RMB116.01, based on a
10-year DCF model with WACC of 10.73% and terminal growth of 2.0%. We
forecast WuXi AppTec's revenue to grow by 2.8%/ 17.2%/ 23.5% YoY and
adjusted non-IFRS net income to grow by 15.2%/ 17.8%/ 24.7% YoY in 2023E/
24E/25E, respectively.
Earnings Summary
Figure 2: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets. Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.