In the first three quarters, the company released a performance report for the first three quarters of 20 years and collected 49.23 billion yuan.
Youy+1.4 per cent net profit to the mother, $5.35 billion, yoy - 32.3 per cent, net profit to the mother, $4.97 billion, short-term hurricane effects and repairs have led to a continued tightening of mdi supply, while downstream demand has gradually improved, sustaining the price of various products that continue to warm, and corporate performance has continued to shrink throughout the year.
Business goes hand in hand to guarantee the company's medium- and long-term development, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. mdi prices continue to rise, and performance has improved significantly in the third quarter: the average aggregate price of mdi in the East China region was $13195 per ton (28.9%), while petrochemical products contained acrylic, epoxypropane, mtbe, mtbe, etc.
The average price ratio of butyl alcohol has been warming, with 48.3 per cent rise in the price of the epoxy-propylene ring, with a series of sales of 2.03 million tons of polyurethane (+1.96 per cent, correspondingly) and a further release of 382,000 tons (+34.9 per cent), resulting in a surcharge of 54.2 per cent.
Portfolio 10,000/tonne, pure mdi at $340 million/tonne, tdi at $166 million/tonne, and downstream demand is still recovering; second, chlorine gas and chlorine following the force majeure events caused by the effects of the hurricane
The supply of carbon monoxide raw materials by institutional investors as a share of the flowa continues to be a problem, while a number of domestic and foreign installations have been overhauled in the last four quarters, involving over 3.3 million tons of total capacity and over 35 per cent of the world ' s total capacity, including 1.3 million tons of capacity in China.
More than 35%; three are oligopolies with a good pattern of oligopoly, leading firms with a strong bargaining power. On the petrochemical side, most of the products are at historically low prices, industrial stocks are generally low, and product prices will continue to warm as downstream demand recovers.
The same performance ratio and the same ring ratio have increased significantly, while the year-round performance will be significantly narrower. Three major operations have gone hand-in-hand, supporting firms to grow fast: in polyurethane, companies have expanded their production through technology, and Ningbo and smoke stations can expand their production capacity to 2.6 million tonnes/year, up by more than 40%, the same as in polyurethane.
In the case of petrochemicals, the million-ton Ethylene project is expected to start in four quarters, and will continue to promote the integration of Fujian and Maroon Mountains.
In addition to this, the company's petrochemical and polyurethane products have been expanding in a reverse fashion, enhancing synergies between industrial chains and increasing market competitiveness, and it has continued to develop and expand its downstream, high-value-added chemical and new materials products, as well as continue to produce them, such as water.
A number of projects, such as paints, pc, synthetic spices, nylon-12, have developed into three business plates, which, with the release of three series of incremental production, will boost the company’s continued growth. Profit forecasting: given the sharp increase in mdi prices, we have raised the company’s annual profit forecast, forecast.
The Division's global industry niche, which secures future growth in performance, maintains a “buy-in” rating.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.