q3 performance rings have improved significantly, with a firm view of the company ' s medium- and long-term growth.
• There has been a significant improvement in the corporate performance circle, which looks forward to medium- and long-term growth of the company, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. On 22 October, the company released its Third Quarterly Report 2020, which enabled the company to collect 492.32 in the previous three quarters, with two large sales of new material plates and a full increase in volume sales over the same period in 2019.
The profit chain has improved significantly with the same growth in the gross revenue. The construction of the Mdi, tdi and Maroon base, which is the company’s main product, continues to progress, with a firm view to the company’s medium- and long-term growth and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
q3 Māori rates and net interest rates have increased by 26.83 per cent, 14.15 per cent, +10.97 per cent and ring ratio +19.20 per cent, respectively, and have benefited from the high incidence of force majeure from overseas mdi and tdi production devices, resulting in a recovery of strong downstream demand. According to the Begawan Mobil, the price of polymer mdi has risen by 82 per cent since late July.
The net mdi rises by 159% and the tdi by 59%, leading to a significant increase in corporate profitability. q3 petrochemicals and new vinyl ethylene projects are in operation, and the construction of the Fujian and Maroon base continues, keeping in mind the company's new wave of booms.
In addition, projects such as the Yingshan Foundation, the Multi-Small Development Assistance Corporation, which has launched a new chapter, and the new smoke station materials, are continuing. We believe that the company has entered a new round of capital spending, and that the company is now in a state of emergency.
The long-term layout of divisional diversification is important for expanding the space for corporate growth, and we are firmly convinced that the company's first coverage report - polyurethane, petrochemicals and long-term growth in the company will open a new chapter in the company's future.
"New Materials Blocks Together to Create the Big Bang of Globalization."