Overseas competitors often adjust their operations or give up competition for costs, focus on high-value-added products on which channels rely.
On 30 September, Basf announced the completion of the divestiture of his chemical building materials business, which was sold at Euro3.170 billion to the global private equity firm Lonestar.
On the same day, Kostov announced its agreement to acquire the Tisman resin and functional material business (rfm) with the aim of further expanding the paint resin business, which is an important part of its portfolio management.
On December 21, 2019, Basve signed an agreement with Lonestar to strip out the Basff chemical industry. The purchase price, based on cash and no debt, was Euro3.170 billion.
In the production and sales sector, sales in 2019 amounted to about 2.6 billion euros. The asset trade was countered by Lonestar, a global private equity fund, a leader in private equity funds in construction materials, and invested in real estate, equity, credit and other financial assets.
Since one fund, Lonestar has organized 20 private equity funds, with a total capital commitment of approximately $85 billion. In addition to the chemical construction business, Basve has three major portfolio managements this year: 1)
On 31 January, Basve completed the purchase of polyamide from Solvay, at a cost of 1.3 billion euros on a cash and debt-free basis. The business will be integrated into Basf’s functional materials and single sector; 2) Basf and dic removed from Basf’s global paint business in August 2019.
An agreement was reached that the purchase price, based on cash and no debt, would be Euro1.150 billion. The transaction is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2020; 3) preparations for the ipo of Wintershalldea.
The husband acquired the seed business under the Bayer flag, had the means to digitally put crop protection and seed industry on the market. Basf successfully developed into a supplier of agricultural solutions from producers of crop protection products. The acquisition of the Bayer seed business generated 2.2 billion dollars in 2019.
Euro revenues and Euro500 million ebitda contributions. Bastov’s frequent acquisitions and strippings, on the one hand, of his unsynchronous operations, focusing on core sections such as polyurethane, engineering plastics, special nylons and agricultural solutions: on the other hand, describing Bastov’s future for the business that he still retains.
Coth created a leading position in the area of paint resin by buying 1.61 billion euros of Tesman's resin and work by signing an agreement with Tesman.
"Wanhua Chemistry: From "product-oriented" to "Customer-capable materials business, integrated into the Department of Paints, Stickers and Special Chemicals Industries of Koss"
Purchase helps Coth to take the lead in the field of solid coating resins. Kostov is now the main supplier of water in the field of venerable chemistry: global mdi, tdi production intensive polyurethane resins, through the acquisition of Tesman's resins and functional materials.
Refurbishment, price or rebound 2020.7.28 will create a full range of hydro-polypropyl acid resin operations for Coth. Aquatic polyurethane resins and One of the Standard Upgrade Series: Alternative Market Spaces
Aquatic polyacrylate resins are the two most important ingredients for water coatings. Coth created more aqueous coatings on the basis of acquisition. At the same time, Tethman has a number of leading technologies, including water-inclusive technologies, powder coating resins, and radiation-fixing resins.
It has also helped in branding, as well as expanding the 3d print, solar reflective coatings, €1 billion in revenue from sales, and 40% growth, and €141 million in ebitda contributions. We believe that overseas competitors have come together to adjust their business or lead by focusing channels.
High-value-added products do not necessarily lend themselves to rapid growth through acquisition or fragmentation in the chemical industry, simply in pursuit of a cost lead, because cost lead often comes from the advantages of scale, integration and geography.
The factors are not available through M&As. We find that Bassov and Coth have acquired and split the most important asset channels, technologies, or missing links in integrated solutions. The reason behind this is that higher value-added products are more dependent on channels, more sticky customers, and more so through M&As.
One plus one > two portfolio management. According to the 14th Five-Year Planning Guide, I already have about 40% of the world's national chemical production, most of the bottom area of the Market Pyramid, i.e. market space, and large quantities of price-sensitive chemicals have been seized by China's chemical industry.
Chemical companies have started or have taken up higher value-added markets. In the future, there is a wave of convergence in the chemical industry, with firms with channel advantages, brand advantages, technological advantages, or higher valuation premiums from the market.
Project delivery is not as fast as expected; product prices are highly volatile; oil prices are highly volatile; and installation of force majeure risks: risk of recurring outbreaks.
Xiangxiang, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Bachelor of Chemical Sciences of Qinghua University
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.