On 31 December, the company issued a Chinese regional mdi price announcement in January 2021, placing the summadi distribution market at $20,500 per ton (a downward adjustment of $4,500 per ton) and directly selling the market.
On 28 December, the National Development Reform Commission and the Ministry of Commerce published the Directory of Encouragement for Foreign Investment Industry (2020 Edition). Effective January 27, 2021, the catalogue contains 1235 entries.
On 28 December, the Ministry of Industry and Informationization announced a list of pilot industrial Internet projects for 2020, and the “Intellectual Internet Platform for Safe Production Control in the Chemical Industry” was selected for the “Pairboard Innovative Applications”.
In January, the price of mdi was reasonably downgraded by the traditional low demand season.
In January 2021, the price of 10,000 yuan per ton was revised downwards, and the price of 0,700 yuan per ton per ton for mdi was revised downwards. In January 2021, the price of 10,000 cmdi was revised downwards, and the price of 4000 tons per ton for mdi was revised downwards.
The price has been reduced much more sharply than in previous years, as the year of the MND adjustment lags somewhat behind history, and the four-quarter demand for mdi exports has soared so that the pre-scheduled prices have not been adjusted as they have been in history. The January listing rates for MSD and pure mdi remain higher than in 18 and 19 years.
During the same period, at a high historical ranking level, the response to downstream export demand pull-up continued. January prices of mdi were generally revised downwards, partly because of the traditional light season of mdi demand in January and the reduced demand for the downstream refrigerator freezer; and partly, the proximity to spring season, where prices could be effectively managed through price exchange.
Figure 10: Changes in the Listed Prices in the Distribution Market of Polymermdi in 10,000 Fahrenheit.
2020.11.11 " Manpower Chemistry: A Reverse Winding Cycle, Capital Development and Growth " 2020.10.23
“Wonhua Chemistry: High Value Added Products on which Overseas Competitor Frequent Adjustments, or Waiver of Cost Competition, Focusing Channels” 2020.10.6
"Wanhua Chemistry: From "product-oriented" to "client-oriented" evolution" 2020.08.20 Vaccine production capacity or inability to rapidly meet global demand for disease control, low or sustained overseas production capacity,
The price of mdi is expected to remain above the reasonable range, and at present, about 40 countries globally are starting to or are about to receive a new crown vaccine, but in the short term, the seedling capacity does not support large-scale vaccinations, low rates of overseas start-up or long-term.
The technologyreview analyses that vaccine production is still inadequate globally and that it is not possible to achieve mass vaccinations. WHO also suggests that a massive vaccination of the new coronary vaccine may take place in the summer of 2021.
Substream household electricity products such as box freezers, white power, etc. are expected to maintain a low start rate, and global mdi supply mismatching or will continue, helping to maintain mdi’s export pull. According to our calculations, the summation of mdi prices (tax deductions) is $12,500-15500/ton; pure mdi prices (tax deductions)
The reasonable range is $14,700-19,700 per ton. We expect the regular annual mdi compound price (tax deduction) to be more than $14,960 per ton in 2021, which we estimate to be $15,200 per ton.
>The Directory of Encouraged Foreign Investment Industries covers a number of mega-blank areas.
AC: (2) Engineering plastics and plastic alloy production: 60,000 tonnes/year and above of non-luminous polycarbonate (pc), polymethyl formaldehyde, polysulfide, polyetherate, polyamide, polyetherium, polyetherium, polyetherium, polyamide, pa, etc.: (3) natural spices, synthetic spices, monoscopic spices and spice components
Intermediate lemon formaldehyde: (4) Production of biomass fibres using new renewable resources and green environmental processes: polylactate fibres (pla), polyhydroxy-fattyate fibres (pha), etc.; (5) New polyamides such as nylon 11, nylon 12, etc., differentiated, functional, high-value-added nylons, etc.
With regard to engineering plastics, the largest non-foreign pc-based enterprise has a capacity of 200,000 tonnes/year. In high-end polycylene, fragrance, nylon 12, plata, all have production and industrialization, with 40,000 tonnes/year of nylon 12 projected for 2022.
A year ago: 40,000 tons/year Lemon ellipse project is in the construction phase: pla has already broken the technology and started preparing for the test. We believe that Van Hwa is pre-arranged in areas where foreign investment is encouraged, that he will not be in the bottom line in patent and technology reserves, and that he will not be affected in these areas.
In addition, we review the history of the domestic polyurethane industry and find that joint ventures are usually built in the country on short-term processes without an integrated production advantage. By contrast, the above-mentioned products are linked to the upstream industrial chain and are expected to maintain a cost advantage. Finally, the products that encourage foreign investment are encouraged to enter the country.
None of them is directly related to polyurethane, which does not have a significant impact on the main profit-making products of Manchuria. > Demand expansion, foreign investment introduction, together-building of a virtuous competitive market, integration of the entire industry chain, encouraging foreign investment products to concentrate mainly on products with rapidly expanding demand and high external dependence. >
The introduction of capital is conducive to the rapid growth of industry health and the emergence of benign competition. (1) The pc sector is home to 57% of the population, but external dependence is still at 57%, with domestic market space expected to reach 56.7 billion yuan in 2025. (2) The demand for high-end polyolefins is high and the demand for the industry is growing rapidly. 2018
The production of high-end polyolefins is only 4.35 million tons, while the consumption is 11.38 million tons, with an external yield of 62 per cent, of which polyethylene and polypropene polypropylene are more than 95 per cent dependent, and Poe is totally dependent on imports due to the absence of industrial installations in the country. By 2025, the country is expected to be high.
The market space for end polyolefins will reach 189 billion yuan, with an annual compound increase of 14%. (3) The market space for decomposable plastics is huge. The country’s degradable plastics industry is in a policy-driven, rapid roll-out, demand will expand rapidly over the next few years, domestic production will grow by more than 4 million tons, and markets will be empty.
The demand for high-end nylon national production is high. The country’s nylon 12 is largely import-dependent, and nylon’s 12 demand will expand further, with global market space expected to exceed $13.4 billion in 2025, with annual compound growth as the nylon 12 is applied in the downstream pig farm sewers.
The rapid expansion of market demand and the vast space for national substitution have allowed sufficient domestic markets to absorb FDI entry. The entry of foreign capital has also helped to establish industry norms and standards quickly and reduce the risk of diversion.
In many areas, the short-chain layout of the industry has the cost advantage of integrating the industry chain, allowing it to continue to earn excess gains in competition with foreign assets, to replicate the informationization process in the polyurethane sector, and to guarantee safe production.
Safe production is fundamental to the sustainable development of chemical enterprises. The Vanhua Platform for Safe Production Control of Industry Internet was selected for the 2020 pilot industrial Internet demonstration project, one of which reflects the importance that Huohua attaches to chemical safety and is endorsed by the Ministry of Industry and Communications; on the other hand, it has been endorsed by the Ministry of Industry and Communications.
Reflecting the high level of management in Manchuria, the use of information technology to ensure safe production has increased the risk resistance on the entire enterprise’s production line. The risk of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company’s human capacity; and the pace of implementation of the project
Less than anticipated; high volatility in product prices; high volatility in oil prices; risk of installation of force majeure; risk of less than anticipated vaccine development.
Guwu, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Master of Complex Materials, Sichuan University, 4 years of experience in the industry of flying aviation materials in the mid-flight industry, 2 years of experience in the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries, and Bachelor of Chemical Science, Qinghua University.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.