Resource and Environmental Research Centre Polyurethane products increased in volume and corporate profits continued to rise
The company published a three-quarterly report in 2020, which generated 49,231 million yuan in revenue in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 1.43 per cent in the same year, a net profit to the mother of $5,349 million, a decline of 32.28 per cent in the same year, a recovery in domestic and overseas demand in the third quarter, and an improvement in the volume of sales in the third quarter.
The demand for the Division ' s products has been continuously recovering, with the PUR plate stock sales having risen by 18.7 per cent over the third quarter, the fine chemical plate by 20 per cent over the third quarter, and the petrochemical business product by 3.7 per cent over the third quarter.
Continued high levels of input, representing 2.9% of revenue, and building a sound technological base for the company ' s long-term layout. The mdi industry, accompanied by warm demand, continues to raise prices. On the demand side, mdi 2.
Downstream refrigerators, cars, cold chains, etc. are gradually recovering, and the country is now entering the traditional needs of the gold and silver 10; the overseas epidemic has been under effective control since the third quarter, and the demand is gradually recovering. On the supply side, since the third quarter, major firms will be gradually starting a renovation programme that will significantly ease the supply of mdi in the first half of the year.
3. "The short-term impact of the epidemic on demand, the petrochemical layout reduces pressure, while the supply-demand relationship in the industry is expected to improve gradually, and companies continue to send positive signals to the market through monthly price-fixing adjustments.
The polyurethane sector continues to expand, petrochemical operations are steady, multiple projects are progressing in an orderly manner, and industrial chain layouts are being improved. The company has developed its home with mdi, and, through uninterrupted expansion, has developed three major business patterns: polyurethane, petrochemicals, and fine chemicals, which will be pushed by the company.
In the future, the company will accelerate the deployment of fine chemical and new materials-related areas downstream of the layout of the Phuket Base, build new materials and create innovative technologies.
Since the third quarter, the prices of corporate polyurethane products have risen, leading to a gradual recovery in corporate overall profitability; chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn Wang Minghui
Downside risk to product prices: new projects do not meet expectations: risk of fluctuations in raw material prices Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged final rating as market average investment