The revenue from 20q4 is expected to continue to rise, looking at 300 billion yuan and maintaining the "buy-in" event: the company issued a three-quarterly report for 2020, which achieved business income of 49,232 million yuan during the reporting period.
1. Polyurethane (PUR) price increases, three-quarters substantial repairs, and four-quarter projections. Corporate performance improved significantly in the third quarter of 2020, mainly as a result of (1) the higher price differentials for PUR systems. (2) Increased sales of petrochemical products, particularly in the self-generated product sector.
The Māori rate is higher than for traded products. 50.17 million tonnes were produced in the first quarter of 20q3, with the Rings equal to 1.8 million tonnes of wanhua chemistry (60309), the Pacific Chemical Sub-total RMB 5.504 billion and the Ring + 11.14%. (3) Fine chemicals and more.
Chemistry: The PUR industrial chain has significantly increased prices, ethylene ethylene ultex (60309) and HDW I (6.82 per cent ring comparison) due to higher product prices, company q3 quarter Māori ratio of 26.83 per cent and ring ratio of 6.82 per cent.
Chemical: Profit ring repair, self-help, other costs, sales rate 4.02%, ring ratio - 0.2%; management cost rate 4.61%, HD chemical (60309)
Chemistry: Self-made blood, a new period of high capital spending, and maintaining a forward judgement, we believe that short-term mdi prices still have room for upswing, for the following reasons: (1) downstream demand is still on the way to recovery. (2) Multiple plant installations in the fourth quarter of 2020
Repairs, supply constraints, including Shanghai Hensmae (400,000 tonnes/year), South Korea Basfe (250 000/year), South Korea Jinhu (410,000 tonnes/year), Chongqing Basf (400 000/year), etc., have plans for repairs, most of them for about 30 days.
In the medium-to-long term, we believe that the mdi sector is a typical oligopolistic pattern in which interests are highly relevant, competition is relatively orderly, and better profits are made. At the bottom of the industry cycle, there is a clear pattern of control over prices by firms, and it is expected that productive expansion plans will follow.
On 26 July 2019, we released The Quadrochemical Theme: The Milliton Ethylene Project.
Profit Geometry?, a comprehensive analysis of the company ' s ongoing construction of a 1 million tonnes Ethylene Project. The project ' s advantages and significance: (1) addressing the bottlenecks of mdi, tdi by-product hydrochloric acid (2) solving the problems of epoxy ethane feedstocks (3) making full use of existing feedstock advantages (4) making full use of existing public uses
Engineering (5) benefits from a mature global lpg trading system and ancillary facilities, the company ethylene device primary propane is sufficient, convenient and easy to acquire, and the company has extensive trade experience (6) The choice of raw material for ethylene cracks is considered to be best suited to itself.
One phase of the 1 million tons of ethylene project, with a total investment of 16.8 billion yuan, extends to the c2 industrial chain, the first one to be delivered in the Eastern Province of the Landing Hills. In September 2020, it was delivered in an ethylene device, with an estimate of q4. With the return of historical prices over the past five years, we measured the net profit of the project.
Phase II: 1.2 million tonnes of Ethylene Project: 23 December 2019, Volcano Chemical Ethylene II Project for the first epo-evaluation. The project was based on scerebral oils, mixed butanes, and produced by 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission devices, aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream products, mainly ethylene fission, ethylene fission, etc.
Devices such as fission gasoline for hydrogen, aromatic aromatic pumping, butadiene, high-density polyethylene, low-density polyethylene, polyfin plastics/elastics, polypropylene, and accompanying public engineering and ancillary production facilities.
On June 21, 2020, we issued a recommended report, "All-China Chemistry: Self-Blooding Blood," which was published by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China.
A new period of strong capital spending, accompanied by long-term growth of the company, provides statistics on the company ' s years of experience, its expenditures, and its planning of projects. Keeping the forward perspective: the company ' s projects can be arranged in circles, from my blood, into a new period of strong capital spending.
Goodly, investors are advised to hold long-term, accompanying company growth. In the third quarter of 2020, the company’s additional capital expenditure reached $6,627 million, and construction work reached a new period of strong capital spending, driving the company’s growth in the medium to long term, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Profit projections for 2004 are expected to continue to rise, looking at $300 billion and maintaining the “buy-in” forecast and financial indicators: Profit projections for 2004 are expected to continue to rise, looking at $300 billion and maintain the “buy-in”
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report