On November 11, the company announced the launch of the Plasma Industrial Vegetables Project.
At 2350 hours on 9 November, the company issued a report on the environmental impact of the polyurethane industrial chain integration-ethylene II project.
On October 29th, the company ' s first car was launched and its first car was successfully delivered, and the success of the ethylene phase was evident in the project.
Combined ethylene device, 400,000 tonnes/year polyvinyl chloride device, 150,000 tonnes/year ethylene oxide device, 450,000 tonnes/year lldpe device, 306.550,000 tonnes/year epoxypropane/styrene device, 50,000 tonnes corporate share price compared to 300-year deep trend
/butadiene devices and accompanying assistive and utility engineering facilities. MS4 phase I has six main advantages: (1) process selection, light hydrocarbon fission route over stone, brain oil and light diesel break-up process with higher rates, lower costs, project risks and others in the current environment
A comparison of light hydrocarbon raw materials is controlled; (2) lpg trade, where the company has joined the Asian lpgcfr committee, has become an important participant in propane trade, and the introduction of propane fission routes for the ethylene project will double the consumption of propane and further consolidate the voice of the international lpg market; (3) raw materials
At cost, the company owns the lpg hole of the largest global reservoir capacity, which can be increased in a light season. Procurement, which reduces average procurement costs to cope with larger seasonal fluctuations in lpg: (4) addressing the higher concentration of acrylate and above, which can also become the company's existing chain of industry.
Raw material, and butadiene can also generate higher profits; (5) on the Po/sm co-oxidation route, companies use po/sm to address to some extent the mtbe market constraint of the start-up rate of one stage of the po/mtbe process and to break the technological monopoly abroad and the backward capacity of the chlorol method; (6)
Overall, the Ethylene Project has created synergies with existing industrial chains by providing raw materials for the polyurethane and new materials industrial chains and improving integration levels.
"Wanhua Chemistry: A Wind Reverse Cycle, Capital Open" "Wanhua Chemistry: A Frequent Readjustment of Business by Overseas Competitor, or Discarding Cost, Focusing Channel."
Ley's High Value Added Products 2020.10.6 " Quadrochemicals: From "product-oriented" to "client-oriented" evolution 2020.08.20
" HD: global mdi, tdi production intensive overhaul, price or rebound " 2020.7.28 Industrial chains further developed, bridging polyurethane and new materials industry chains
The launch of the company Ethylene Phase I project will facilitate the integration of the polyurethane (PUR) industrial chain of the Manpower Pyrotechnic Industrial Park and provide raw materials for the fine chemical and new material industrial chain.
Ethylene oxide and epoxypropane eliminate the risk of transport of ethylene oxide from external purchase: the pvc device of the Ethylene project can consume the by-product of the existing mdi project hci, reduce the impact of the mdi start-up rate and contribute to industrial balance development.
Fine chemicals and new material industrial chains: some of the products planned by the company will also benefit from the dry ethylene project. For example: ethylene by-products of the ethylene project, butadiene, are nylon12: ethylene and α-vinyl hydrocarbons (swading under ethylene) are high-end polyolefinpoe; butadiol downstream of ethylene
It's a raw material for degradation plastics pbat. Irrigation of the Ethylene Phase I project will further increase the level of integration of the company's overall industrial chain and the self-sufficiency of raw materials, not only to reduce the impact of price volatility on intermediate products, but also to increase the company's exposure to price volatility.
The value added of the product, the full scale effect, is the weight of the next step in achieving corporate profitability.
\triangleright \triangleright Recently, Wwanhua and Abu Dhabi State Oil Company jointly established awshippinglimited 2 86,000 m3 of lpg double fuel super Liquefied Gas Vessels (vlgc) signed with Jiangnan Shipbuilding Plant
The order, together with the three construction contracts signed in July, has resulted in the entry into force of five orders, scheduled to be delivered from 2022 to 2023. In addition, the company now has 1 million cubic propane caves, with 2 x 600,000 cubic propane caves, which will be provided for the ethylene project together with liquefied gas vessels.
The most important products of the market for polyvinyl hydrocarbons are polyethylene and polypropylene. Currently, we produce 17 per cent of the world, 30 per cent of the world, and one third of the world's consumption of polyethylene polypropylene.
The largest consumer of polyethylene and polypropylene in the world. In 2019, our polyethylene production reached 1.51 million tons, yielding 1.76 million tons, showing consumption reached 34 million tons, consumption grew in double-digit numbers over the years, and market growth was huge.
The import of vinyl is 16,67 million tons, the self-sufficiency rate is only 52%, and the national production replacement space is huge. Capital spending in the polyethylene industry is continuing to be high, increasing to tons of polyethylene production in 2020, and the self-sufficiency rate is expected to increase further.
Investments in the downstream industrial chain, building high end polyolefin material platforms based on generic plastics such as lldpe, pvc and engineering plastics such as pc, pmma, moving towards high end and eventually becoming a strong competitor in the polyfin hydrocarbons market.
The full post-partum phase of the Ethylene Project is expected to yield $11.6 billion in revenue, and due to the energy slope effect of the Ethylene Project in its early stages, we expect to maintain the balance of payments for the Van Hmex Project from the fourth to the next quarter of this year.
The profit margin is gradually released, raising the overall profit level of the whole of China. According to the calculations, the full postnatal delivery of the HDFO (assuming an 80% start-up rate) is expected to generate more business of $11.67 billion and $2.0 billion.
Net interest rate of 8 per cent is estimated. Net profit expected from ethylene I is estimated at about $900 million: assuming the cost of the ethylene item product is estimated at 14 per cent combined net interest rate, net benefit expected from ethylene I is estimated at about $1.6 billion: internal post-tax rate of return of 18.2 per cent as disclosed in the ethylene IEC report is estimated at 18.2 per cent.
Based on the amount of investment reported, Ethylene is expected to make a net profit of 3.2 billion yuan, laying the groundwork for high-end polyolefin products such as poe, which are expected to replicate the profitable effects of polyurethane, which is highly technical in content, high-application (many plates, fast-track technical services).
A high-market value (high price, high profit, low volatility) and high customer loyalty polyolefin products. These include two main types: 1) high-end brands of large varieties, such as polyethylene (mpe), polypropylene products (mpp), and polyethylenes of high carbon α-vinyl hydrocarbons in combination.
#2 Special species of polyolefin resins such as ethylene acetylene condensation (eva), polybutylene-1 (pb-1), ultra-high molecular polyethylene (uhmwpe), ethylene ethylene vinyl condensation resin (evoroh). Although the production of polyolefins has increased over the years, the self-sufficiency rate is still low.
High, there are structural contradictions. High-end developments in the polyolefin industry are imperative, mainly because: (a) at this stage of the country, polyolefin products are dominated by low- and medium-end generics, the Middle East has a cost advantage, markets are competitive incentives, and (b) domestic production of polyolefins is expanding rapidly in the coming years, and homogenization competition is increasing.
In particular, generic and low- and medium-end proprietary products may face overcapacity; (3) high-end polyolefin products are heavily dependent on imports, producing 4.35 million tons of high-end polyolefins, consuming 11.38 million tons, with a self-sufficiency rate of only 38 per cent, and with a huge national substitution space. Moreover, policy support is also high-end.
With the development of polyolefins, our self-sufficiency rate for high-end polyolefins is expected to reach 80% by 2030. Wanhua, as a few of the country's companies that have patents on high-end polyolefins, will benefit from high-end polycarbons for national production substitution.
The construction and commissioning of the Ethylene II project is expected to reach 200,000 tonnes/year in 2025, and high-end polyolefins will be an important direction for companies to seek breakthroughs and achieve sustainable development, with the expectation that the profitable effects of existing polyurethane plates will be replicated.
The layout of the hydrocarbon sector is based on corporate announcements and environmental evaluations. ethylene II project epoxy, petrochemical plate one more step, total investment in the company ethylene II project, 19.980 billion yuan, 1935 acres of land, three years of construction, construction.
Installations include 1.2 million tonnes/year 2# ethylene fission device (containing 60,000 cubic metres/hour psa device), 700,000 tonnes/year 2# fracked gasoline plus hydrogen unit (containing 30,000 tonnes/year styrene pump), 420,000 tonnes/year aromatic aromatic pumping unit, 190,000 tonnes/year 2#butadiene device, 350,000 tonnes/year
The 2# high density polyethylene (hdpe) device, 250,000 tonnes/year low density polyethylene (ldpe) installation, 200,000 tonnes/year polyolefin elastomers (poe) and 500,000 tonnes/year 2# polypropylene (pp) devices, etc.
The company’s petrochemical plate is profitable on another step. Ethylene II investment (US$20 billion) is due to product premiums from high-value-added products such as Poe in phase II. The risk of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company’s human capacity; and the pace of project implementation
Less than anticipated; high volatility in product prices; high volatility in oil prices; risk of installation of force majeure; risk of less advanced vaccine development; Kwowu, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, University of Sichuan, Master of Magnetic Materials, 4 years of experience in flying aviation materials industry in the airline industry, 2 years new
Xiangxiang, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Bachelor of Chemical Sciences of Qinghua University
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.