The second phase of ethylene production followed by petrochemical plates led to secondary growth: company announcement, November 9, 2020, 1 million tons of ethylene ethylene chemistry.
The successful production of qualified ethylene products marks the success of the company polyurethane (PUR) industrial chain integration — the whole ethylene project.
In December 2018, the company Polyurethane Industrial Chain Integration - Ethylene Project began construction on a tobacco factory, with a total investment of 16.8 billion yuan, accounting for 2400 acres of land. The main products include 1 million tons of ethylene, 450,000 tons of alldpe, 400,000 tons of pvc, 150,000 tons of eco, 300,000 tons of po,
650,000 tonnes of sm, 50,000 tonnes of butadiene. According to the Mandarin chemical petrochemical information, on October 28th, 10,000 tonnes of total equity/distribution (million shares) will be fully operational and other products will continue to be produced.
Total market value/flow (millions) The original c3 and c4 industry chain continues to expand to the c2 industry chain, while taking full advantage of the integration of polyurethane plates and petrochemical plates, leading the company to grow again.
The price returns, we measure the net profit center of the project at around $3 billion, and product diversification increases, significantly reducing dependence on polyurethane plates.
On July 26th, 2019, we released The Quadrochemical Theme: The Milliton Ethylene Project Chemical: The Polyurethane Industrial Chain Increases Largely, ethylene Phase Profit Geometry?, which provides a comprehensive analysis of the one million tonnes of Ethylene project being built by the company.
Project advantages and implications: (1) addressing the bottlenecks of mdi, tdi by-product hydrochloric acid (2) solving the problems of the Circumduc (600309) MOXE feedstocks (3) making full use of existing feedstock advantages (4) making full use of existing public uses
Chemical: Rehabilitation of the Profit Ring, Self-Promotion of Blood Long Term Project (5) Benefited from the mature global lpg trading system and ancillary facilities, Company “Ethylene Device Growth” - 2020/08/19
The material propane is sufficient, easy and easy to access, and the company 's lpg trade experience (6) is best suited to its own choice of ethylene cracking materials.
On December 23, 2019, the first EAC was carried out on the Volcano Chemical Ethylene II project, which was based on petrocephalic oils, mixed butanes and produced by a 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission device, aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream products, mainly ethylene fission, crack gasoline plus hydrogen, aromatic hydrocarbons pumping.
Te, butadiene, high-density polyethylene, low-density polyethylene, polyolefin plastics/elastics, polypropylene, etc., and accompanying public engineering and ancillary production facilities. We expect a total investment of about 20 billion yuan in the second phase of the 1.2 million tons of ethylene project, with a net profit centre of around 4 billion yuan.
On June 21, 2020, we issued a recommended report, "All-China Chemistry: Self-Creating Blood."
A new period of strong capital spending, accompanied by long-term growth of the company, provides statistics on the company ' s years of experience, its expenditures, and its planning of projects. Keeping the forward perspective: the company ' s projects can be arranged in circles, from my blood, into a new period of strong capital spending.
Goodly, investors are advised to hold long-term, accompanying company growth. In the third quarter of 2020, the company’s additional capital expenditure reached $6,627 million, and construction work reached a new period of strong capital spending, driving the company’s growth in the medium to long term, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report