Chemicals (600309) Chemicals mdi, Po prices go up the road, companies go back up three quarters, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: Companies achieved business income of 49.23 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, representing an increase of 1.4 per cent in the same year; Net return profit of 53.5 billion yuan, representing a decrease of 32.3 per cent in the same year • Mdi, Po prices went up the road and companies performed well in the third quarter: the company achieved a revenue harvest in the third quarter.
One billion yuan, a 10.4 per cent increase in the same year, a 71.9 per cent increase in the ring, a 26.8 per cent increase in the third quarter, a 51.8 per cent increase in the same quarter, a 19.3 per cent decline in the net mdi price in the Shandong region in the third quarter, a 5.5 per cent increase in the ring, a 15.6 per cent decline in the same price difference and a 10.4 per cent increase in the ring in the third quarter.
The average price of oxypropane was $13.09 per ton, a 50 per cent increase in the same year, and the ring increased by more than 50 per cent in the second quarter, which is one of the major reasons for the company’s three-quarter warming. Three-quarter sales of the company’s polyurethane series were 761,000 tons, an 18 per cent increase, and sales of the petrochemical series were 1584,000 tons, an increase of the same year.
33%, with 157,000 tonnes of refined chemicals and new material products sold, 46% more than in the same year, and the higher sales of individual business plates contributed to the same three-quarter growth in performance. • Global mdi installations have a high incidence of force majeure, and mdi prices are on a cyclical path: not available in the near future at home or abroad
In response to the effects of the hurricane and the presence of force majeure in the installations of chlorine gas, 1 tonne of oxygen) and the parking status of the Japanese Tung Cao device, while in the Asia-Pacific region, between late October and November, 400,000 tons of the Korean Sanshu installation and 240,000 in Shanghai Hengsmei installation were installed in the Asian-Pacific region.
Tons of devices, the Shanghai Koth 600 000 tonnes and the South Korean Basp 250 000 tonnes will also be undergoing intensive repairs. If the Mangwa Ningbo 1.2 million tonnes and Chongqing Basf 400,000 tonnes will also be repaired in November-December, the price of pm200 in the Chinese East will have risen to $218,200 this week.
The TNT project will be launched in the fourth quarter of 2020. The Department of Eco-Environment of Shandong Smoking City has released the first public environmental impact assessment for the PUR-II project.
i. A new 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene and downstream integration project, based on scerebral oils, mixed butanes, produced by 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission devices, aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream products, including mainly ethylene fission, fission gasoline plus hydrogen, aromatic aromatic aromatic pump, butadiene, high-density polyethylene, low-density polyethylene, polymerene
Devices such as acetylene plastics/elastics, polypropylene, and accompanying public engineering and ancillary production facilities. With the first phase of the 1 million-ton Ethylene project coming into production in 2020, the company will begin to build a second phase of the Ethylene Project, with 10,000 watts of chemistry (600309): performance in the first half of the year is positive.
The construction of the Ethylene Project is conducive to completion (2020-08-19)
The integration of the polyurethane (PUR) industrial chain of the Seon-Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Nu-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-N-A-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N.
The project also uses state-of-the-art international techniques and the technology of the ecoxypropane production system, which will create the highest ethylene chain in the country.
Risks; the pace of ethylene production or the expected risks. No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because, not because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.