The vinyl phase of the ethylene project was launched to open a new chapter in the development of the petrochemical plate, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incident: Company announcement that on November 9, 2020, at 2350 hours, the one million tons of ethylene ethylene chemist device successfully produced qualified ethylene products, marking the integration of the company's polyurethane industrial chain - all phase 1 of the ethylene project and phase 2 further extension of the industrial chain: one million tons of ethylene in the company's first phase.
Tritane tons of pvc, 150,000 tons of epoxy ethylene, 350,000 tons of high-density polyethylene, 450,000 tons of low-density polyethylene, 650,000 tons of styrene and 50,000 tons of butadiene, which further enriched the company's petrochemical product variety, while the Sandong Eco-Environment Agency of the City of Tai City issued the Manhua Chemical Group Ltd. Polyurethane Industrial Chain Integration - ethylene II
For the first time, the environmental impact evaluation of the current project will be published, with the construction of a new 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene and downstream integration project, based on graphite oils, mixed butanes, producing aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream products through a 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission device, including mainly ethylene fission, crack gasoline plus hydrogen, aromatic pumping, butadiene, and high densities.
Devices such as polyethylene, low-density polyethylene, polyvinyl hydrocarbons plastics/elastics, polypropylene, and accompanying public engineering and auxiliary production facilities. With the launch of the first phase of the 1 million tons of ethylene project, the company will start building a second phase of the ethylene project, further extending the upstream industrial chain and diversifying the abundance of downstream products.
The project was built to improve the integration of the polyurethane (PUR) industrial chain of the Mandarin Pyrotechnic Gardens, to address the needs of ethylene oxide and epoxypropane as raw materials in industrial polyol production, and to contribute to the balanced development of the industry by consuming the by-product of the ICCP industrial chain.
The process of entry and the technology for the production of ethylene oxides, developed autonomously and autonomously by HDW, will create the country's highest water-level ethylene industrial chain, fill gaps in the domestic sphere and break the monopoly of foreign technology.
Two new purchase orders and formal signing of the 86,000 m3 of lpg double fuel gas vessel (vlgc) series constructed by the South Shipyard for the W.W. Chemical subsidiary W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W.W., the first three construction contracts in this series were signed into force in July this year and five orders in this series have been in force since then and are planned to enter into force.
From 2022 to 2023, deliveries were made. Afshippinglimited was a joint venture between the company and the Abu Dhabi State Oil Company, which will provide transport guarantees for the Mandarin Chemical-adnoc cooperation project.
(lpg) Ten-Year Sales Agreement, which began on 1 January 2019, with a volume of 1.05 million tonnes of lpg purchased annually from adnoc, will fully safeguard raw materials, including ethylene I and II projects. Force majeure in domestic and foreign installations is high and mdi is still in the upper cycle: domestic mdi prices have been held since September.
The price of the market in the East China region continues to rise, and now stands at $32000-33,000 per ton, exceeding 100 per cent in more than one month, and the price of polymer mdi has also risen to $23,500-23,800 per ton. As a result of the effects of hurricanes and problems with the supply of chlorine gas, carbon monoxide raw materials, Dow (040,000 tons), Kostov (0.330,000 tons) and Hensmae in the United States
Force majeure (500,000 tonnes) was observed for all installations, while the Japanese Tung Cao 70000 device was in parking status, 10,000 watts of chemistry (60309): mdi, po price step up the road, and the company's performance warmed up in the third quarter.
Tens of thousands of tons of devices, 600,000 tons of Shanghai Kox and 250,000 tons of Bassov devices in Korea will also begin intensive inspections (2020-10-22), and if the 1.2 million and 400,000 tons of Van Wa Ningbo units in Chongqing Bassov will also be repaired in November-December
2. MFW chemistry (600309): If performance in the first half of the year is in line with expectations, the global supply of mdi will be in a state of severe shortage, while the demand side, downstream refrigerators, periods, isocyanate prices go up the road.
2020-08-19) Good sales data for freezers, plates, heat-keeping materials, etc., 5,400 ton/ton/mdi/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymer/polymeric information.
We strongly continue to see that the price of domdi will continue to rise cyclically. Risks; pace of ethylene production or the expected risks.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.