The PUR chain has increased significantly, so can the PUR chain increase in the first phase of the Ethylene Project be sustained?
On October 12, 2020, the company’s main product was a larger market of mdi, polymermdi, and tdi. Our analysis is mainly due to: (1) the slow but slow recovery of the domestic epidemic in the second quarter, while the global epidemic led to a decline in exports and a build-up of crude oil prices.
Total equity/flow (million shares) The collapse of costs is not supported and mdi prices have fallen to historical lows. (2) Three quarters of overseas refrigerators, total market value/flow (millions)
Cold-chain demand has improved and exports have increased. The domestic economic order has been restored further, adding to the country’s “12-month maximum/minimum nine silver ten” consumption season, and demand has improved.
In order to reverse the downward trend in performance, there is a strong willingness to raise prices, and the price of crude oil is smooth.
Chemistry: Rehabilitation of the Profit Ring, Self-Promotive Blood Guarantee Long-Term Growth - 2020/08/19 Looking ahead, we believe that short-term mdi prices still have room for upswing, for the following reasons: (1)
The demand for mdi downstream is still recovering. (2) In April 2020, several plant installations were overhauled, chemistry: self-made blood, a new period of high capital spending.
Supply constraints include Shanghai Hensmae (400,000 tonnes/year), Republic of Korea Basfe (250 000/year), Republic of Korea Jinhu (410,000 tonnes/year), Chongqing Basf (400,000 tonnes/year), etc., with overhauls and repairs.
Plans, mostly for 30 days. (3) The industry is well organized, with a leader with a strong pricing potential. Chemical quarterly reviews: Reverse wind, domestic demand against the outside force. In the medium and long term, we think the mdi industry is a typical oligopoly pattern.
Benefits are highly relevant, competition is relatively orderly, and better profits are made. At the bottom of the industry cycle, the production-controlled price controls are evident, and it is expected that productive expansion plans will be delayed or adjusted accordingly as demand fluctuates significantly this year in order to match supply and demand for reasonable profits.
On July 26, 2019, we released The Quadrochemical Theme: How Profited by the Milliton Ethylene Project?, which provides a comprehensive analysis of the company ' s ongoing construction of the 1 million tonnes Ethylene Project.
Project advantages and implications: (1) Addressing bottlenecks in mdi, tdi by-product hydrochloric acid (2) Addressing ethylene ethylene feedstocks (3) Make full use of existing feedstock advantages (4) Make full use of existing public works (5) Benefiting from the mature global lpg trading system and ancillary facilities, corporate ethylene devices
The raw propane is “sufficient, easy and easy to acquire, and the company's lpg trade experience (6) is best suited to its own choice of the ethylene polyurethane industrial chain, where the first phase of the ethylene project is in the process of being made, i.e., cracking raw material.
One phase of the 1 million tons of ethylene project, with a total investment of 16.8 billion yuan, extends to the c2 industrial chain, the first one to be delivered in the Eastern Province of the Landing Hills. In September 2020, it was delivered in an ethylene device, with an estimate of q4. With the return of historical prices over the past five years, we measured the net profit of the project.
The second phase of the 1.2 million tonnes Ethylene Project: On December 23, 2019, the first EXCE project took place. The project was based on scerebral oil, mixed butane, and was 120 years old.
Tens of tonnes/year ethylene fission device produces aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream products, including, inter alia, ethylene fission, crack gasoline for hydrogen, aromatic aromatic pumping, butadiene, high-density polyethylene, low-density polyethylene, polyvinylene plastics/elastics, polypropenes and associated public engineering and auxiliary production
Facilities. We're expecting to invest about $20 billion in the second phase of the 1.2 million tons of ethylene project, with a net profit center of around $4 billion. 3. Self-made blood + self-driven management, keeping in mind the long-term growth of the company.
On June 21, 2020, we issued a recommended report, " Man-hwa Chemistry: Self-Blooded Blood, a new round of capital spending, accompanied by long-term growth of the company " , which provides statistics on the company ' s financial years, its expenditures, and its projects.
I'm building blood into a new round of capital spending. The company's cash flow, historical investment returns are good, and investors are advised to hold it for a long time, along with the company's growth.
A round of high capital spending to boost the growth of companies in the medium and long term and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.