The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) has a strong and two-wheel-drive growth, and the company has issued an annual announcement that in 2019 it achieved a revenue of $1.58 billion, a year-on-year increase.
39.82 per cent of the net return to the mother was 401 million yuan, an increase of 28.94 per cent over the same period, and $315 million in non-net profit was consolidated. During the reporting period, the company earned 496 million of its authorized business income for office software, compared to 411 million active users (mau), of which the wpsoffice desktop version was active monthly.
More than 154 million, Wpsoffice has more than 248 million monthly active users, the company has nearly 100 million monthly active users of his products, such as the Golden Mountain Worm, and continues to lead other national production offices.
The number of user fees has increased over time, with cumulative annual payments of 12.2 million individual members increasing by the end of 2019.
It's still huge (in the long run, we think the rate of fee conversion can reach 10%). On the advertising side, influenced by the overall downward trend in the domestic Internet advertising market, the rate of growth has declined considerably, with the rapid growth in the number of households living on a monthly basis and the increased ability of companies to fine-tune their operations, it is expected that in the future advertising operations will have some.
The company works to promote the clouding of its corporate customers and the transformation of its corporate and organizational clients from desktop and mobile to cloud ends. It creates a set of industry best practices in the fields of energy, finance, and large private enterprises. At the same time, customized services provide a full range of solutions for a larger number of users.
Programs. In 2019, hundreds of thousands of small and micro-enterprises have provided cloud office services. The IT market is expected to start officially in 20 years, depending on the absolute leadership of the country-owned office software and the advantages of technology and eco-compatibility, the company’s 2g revenue will be on the rise and the company’s office software product is expected to be authorized.
A new round of “buy-in” ratings, driven by a two-wheel drive by cloud-starter, has been maintained. Clients have fallen short of expectations; IT markets have not advanced as expected; and pay-for-service users have not grown as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment