Office in Kimshan (688111): strong growth in performance, high innovation between mau and fee-paying users 26 March 2020 Recommended (for the first time)
Incidents: Kanshan Office published its annual report for 2019, generating a revenue of 1,580 million yuan, an increase of 39.82 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 401 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 28.94 per cent over the same year, and a net profit of 315 million yuan, an increase of 16.60 per cent over the same period.
The company achieved 537 million yuan, an increase of 40.46 per cent in the same year, and 77.76 per cent of the net return profit. The company prepared a profit distribution programme for 2019: performance growth for all shareholders was as expected and business was growing steadily.
Operating income of $1,580 million, an increase of 39.82 per cent over the same period; of this amount, the growth in the authorized operation of office software, the advancement of the formalization of domestic software and the dominance of corporate brands were facilitated by factors such as the introduction of 680 million public service subscriptions, an increase of 73.06 per cent over the same period, mainly in corporate investment.
The development of wps and riceshell members ' businesses has led to a significant increase in individual client subscriptions through the optimization of product services; Internet advertising has reached 404 million, or 32.6 per cent, of which the wpsofficepc version has a monthly active user of 154 million, compared to the same number.
28.33 per cent increase; monthly active users of mobile editions are 248 million, an increase of 1 billion in the same year.) In 2019, the company ' s cumulative annual fee-paying individual membership reached 12.02 million, an increase of 104.42 per cent in the same year.
• The surge in demand for teleworking has led to an explosion in the gold mountain file business. In teleworking, affected by the epidemic, companies in the country have been working remotely since the beginning of this year seeking an explosive growth, and companies have responded to calls for donations to government, business, schools, etc.
More than 4 million cloud office accounts were donated. As of March 2, 2020, 67 million people were rapidly reaching 239 million by the end of the year. The accelerated spread of remote office space has led to a growing public practice of online office, which is expected to lead to a sustained increase in the operations of the Golden Mountain file.
The country’s secure and reliable market is growing, and corporate trust will grow rapidly and in the long term. With the overall national information security strategy and informationization project, domestic innovation leads business booms, cores, central soft and central soft, gold mountain, and so on.
The wpsoffice, which is now being introduced in Phnom Penh, can be adapted to a variety of operating systems and whole-office platforms and can be applied to all levels of the party's political and military forces.
The end-of-office software authorization business is expected to benefit from the ongoing progress of the Anco market. • Profit forecasting: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2020-2022, respectively, taking into account that the company is a leading domestic office software firm, benefiting from the long-distance drive of the epidemic.
The growth of office surges and the expansion of the credit market, the rise in the number of companies mau and fee-paying users, we look forward to the company's development prospects, giving the company the first time that it has “deployed”; overseas business is not doing as well as expected.
In May of this year, the Chinese Department of Securities Research and Development joined the Department. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.