Performance growth is impressive, with subscriptions and authorized operations well within the reach of the 2019 Annual Report, which achieved gross operating income of $1,580 million, an increase of 39.82 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
401 million yuan, an increase of 28.94 per cent in the same year. The company ' s profit distribution plan for 2019 was: accelerated with the current total equity of 461 million users; significant growth in revenue from office service subscriptions; high growth of corporate product users in 2019, based on a high base; monthly coverage of the company ' s major products at the end of last year
The number of active users amounted to 411 million (of which the wpsofficepc product had a monthly rate of 154 million and the mobile product had a monthly rate of 248 million), an increase of 33 per cent over the same year. At the same time, user-paying habits accelerated, with a cumulative annual rate of payments of hundreds of millions of yuan in 2019, representing a significant increase of 73 per cent over the same period. The new crown epidemic in early 2020 triggered a significant demand for remote office space, and we believe that the new coronary epidemic caused a significant increase in the number of users.
This will be an important user-cubation period, with a further increase in the rate of conversion of corporate products and the value of the arpu, with office service subscriptions expected to maintain a high rate of growth.
In 2019, the company’s office software authorization generated revenues of 496 million yuan, an increase of 39% over the previous period, with a clear increase in business growth. Since 2020, the core business in the area of innovation, which is represented by Chinese software, corporate software, China, etc., has accelerated significantly, and industrial ecology has been improving.
The wpsofficelinux version has been developed to fully support the national production platform and the national production operating system, with depth adaptation and customization optimization. As the national production software replacement process accelerates, office software, which is an important foundation for a wide range of applications, will generate significant replacement needs, and the company’s office software authorization business is expected to enter a rapid release period.
Continued high investment in R & D, and continuous consolidation of its technological advantages \triangleright has long attached great importance to R & D as an important barrier to the consolidation of competitive positions.
The company has accumulated a wealth of development experience in long-term deep farming in the office software industry, and has developed mature R & D models such as interactive R & D models, matrix-based project R & D models, generic modular R & D models to effectively improve R & D efficiency.
Technology, multi-form terminals are already state-of-the-art. The pe corresponds to current stock prices of 144x/96x/70x. The cloud computing industry compares company friend networks, stone-based information, and the 20-year average pe in Hiroshima to 82x, taking into account that the company is the lead manufacturer of nationally produced office software, in the number of users.
There are significant advantages in terms of levels of technology, which are more scarce in the area of credit creation (reference to the 20-year pe valuation of 243x), and therefore offer a recommended rating for a certain valuation premium. Pay users are growing less than expected, national production replacement processes are less than expected, and office software technology upgrades are accelerating.
A summary of company financial statement data projections is excellent, the Chief of Computer & Education at the Chinese Institute of Securities, joined the Chinese Institute of Securities in 2019, and the Master of Financial Sciences at Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Previous authors have a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,