In the first half of 2021, companies advanced wealth management by strengthening marketing and science and technology finance, with revenues of $6,731 million (+38.53 per cent) from wealth management operations.
Revenues from the operations of the integrated products are 517 million yuan (+190.92 per cent), the sales of the Public Fund for the Sale of Financial Products of the Department of Finance are on the order of $162.6 billion, and the non-monetary market is on the list of third-largest bondholders.
The proactive management transition has been steadily moving forward, with the public fund-raising industry leading. In the first half of 2021, financial management operations were to be carried out through a fully-owned subsidiary, which, as of the end of June, had an asset management capacity of $331,044 million (+5.84%), of which a pool of funds was collected.
The model is $154,776 million (+4.33%), and the active management capacity of the broad fund continues to improve.
The size of the facility was $10,655,800 million (+66.55 per cent) and 1,559,864 million leaps and the development of synergies between management and wealth management operations, public fund-raising operations were expanding rapidly and stock pledges were being kept dynamically balanced.
In the first half of the year, high market turnover contributed to a higher level of growth. On the other hand, stock pledge operations continued to decline in size as of the end of June.
In the first half of 2021, the company realized its investment income of $262 million (38.78 per cent). The company's operations were subject to regulatory sanctions in response to the events in the Conmé drug industry. During the reporting period, there were no completed equity financing projects, bond issues were covered for the 13th period, with $4.902 billion. The company's equity and debt operations resumed in January and July of this year and are expected to improve in the future.
On the basis of compliance controls, the investment proposal is that the company’s current transformation in wealth management will accelerate, the public fund is well-placed, and the industry of scale will take the lead. Meanwhile, on August 28, the Department of Public Affairs issued an announcement that it is going to make a cash contribution to the alternative investment subsidiary of RMB 3 billion.
The company has completed the roll-out of futures and the roll-out and replenishment of $500 million, respectively. As can be seen, the company’s allocation to the investment business sector has deepened, the investment collection classification results have resulted in aa rating for the wide distribution of securities, the first time since it was downgraded to bbb in 2019, returning to aa. Second, the company’s equity and claims business resumed in January and July of this year, and the combined strength is expected to increase further and the industry’s head is firmly situated.