Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco.
Income profits are as expected, with faster growth in the second quarter alone, and a marked increase in the price of tons.
Profitability remains the same for the first half of the year, with six months of income, net return to the mother, exceeding our expectations by $2.1 billion, 250 million, and the logic behind it is that the increase in tonnage is better than we expect.
Despite previous market expectations, the market has slowly returned to rational expectations since early June, when company management revealed a real shipment of about 14,000 tons in the first half of the year.
Compared to the mission's goal for the whole year — to achieve 14% income growth without an increase in sales, and to achieve mission progress in the first half of the year, which provides a good basis for performance and mission objectives throughout the year.
Gross operating income of $18.72 billion was realized in the second quarter alone, resulting in a net return of $8.68 billion to the mother.
Income from sales data does not measure Māori rates and net interest rates for sales, but based on gross operating income and net return, net interest rates for the first half of the year can be broadly judged separately for the first quarter and for the second quarter of the year.
Ton prices have increased on a par, raising both income and profitability, leading to faster growth in net profits. Second, the production of bikinis is progressing well, advance payments are expected to be higher, and future growth is guaranteed The company aims to complete an expansion of 56,000 tons of bikinis this year, from the first half of the year.
In April, the company started to speed up the sales and, to date, most of the small businesses have done so in the second half of the year.
Large businesses have also completed at least three quarters of their loans, and six-monthly advance payments are expected to be better, with performance forecasts for the second half of the year in Guotai: revenue profits are expected, and a marked increase in average tonnage provides guarantees for normal operations and sustained growth.
The three-quarterly report is expected to be more optimistic, and the task is expected to be over-achieved throughout the year.
And then again, the three-quarters report, due to the low pre-value basis of the statements, real sales, higher tonnage expectations, and so on, has created a more optimistic expectation that the Ring is expected to move fast and that the year-round mission is expected to be overtaken by events, and that we are still up to year-round until the marketing program of the group marketing company is finally in place.
The judgment of “upper price, higher net profit” continues to value the company’s medium- and long-term development. But if, after a marketing program, the increase in tonnage has been somewhat delayed, the company may be able to achieve the 14% annual income growth target by pre-inventing annual plans or digesting them.
In a situation in which the increase in tonnage and net interest rates may be slightly lower than expected, we will then consider appropriate adjustments to profit expectations. Considering the optimal investment structure and the leading premium, we judge that you will continue to make a valuation.
It's 34.9 times the "buy-in" rating. The best profit in the future, and they sell it on the assumption that there is a problem with the sales of the huts, that revenue profits are rising sharply, or that there are foreign financial fluctuations, and that financial constraints continue to be withdrawn.
Kodai, Guizhou, report on revenue profits as expected, with a marked increase in average ton prices.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report