Kodai, Guizhou, mid-2019.
Incident: Company announcement that total operating income of $41,173 million was realized in the first half of 2019, i.e. +16.80 per cent, and net return profit of $19,951 million was realized, i.e. +26.56 per cent. Of this, the release was accelerated at the end of the second quarter, and the rate of increase in revenue was largely in line with expectations.
In recent years, companies have made a major effort to organize distribution channels, reducing the first half of the year by a net reduction in the number of 494 liquor distributors and recovering 6,000.
In order to ensure that companies meet their annual targets (14-16% of performance expectations), the company concentrated in mid-June.
In addition, the series of wines has been growing at a relatively high base last year (56.57%), which is an indication of the strategic status and brand value of the series. High-end white wine demand is strong, and mid-tease end prices will remain stable.
During the consumption-driven white wine recovery cycle, the choice of consumption properties for white wine is weakened, high-end white wine sets are more resilient, and the price of poo wine is rising. According to grass-roots research, the most recent batch of poo prices have stabilized at around $2,000, with terminal prices of around $2450.
Fast-disbursing, with a certain degree of stability in the terminal prices of the huts, is expected to strengthen mid-autumn prices with the arrival of the mid-autumn season and the high-end demand for white wine. The product structure upgrades and business efficiency improvements, and companies’ profitability continues to grow.
2019h1 achieved a net return profit of 19.951 billion yuan, or 26.56 per cent, and a return profit of 8.730 billion yuan, or 29 per cent, for the first half of the year.
Kotai, Guizhou (600519). The performance reported is as expected, and the second half of the year is expected to lead to a sustained improvement in the structure of the company's non-speculation ratio, which promotes further improvement in the structure of the company's products and increases in the average price. On the other hand, the company's performance is improving. In recent years, the company has continued to clean up losses, micro-businesses, and plans to retain five brands and 50 bar-coded brands over the course of 19 years. The number of products is higher than 18.
It is expected that the corporate product structure will continue to improve in the second half of the year, especially through direct spending, and that the 6,000-ton distribution quota recovered by the help company is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year, while the other part is used for non-target products to improve the product structure. The company’s first half of the year is only 4.06%, a decline of 3 percentage points compared to the same period last year, which is not as fast as expected.
The company generated a net cash flow of 24,087 million yuan in the first half of the year, compared to 35.82 per cent, of which the cash received for the sale of commodities increased by 25.19 per cent, an increase of 2.25 pct and a steady increase in cash flow over the same period the previous year.
With regard to capacity-building, the company has completed 453,000 tons of base alcohol production, of which 34.4 million tons have been produced and 10.9 million tons have been produced. We believe that production at this pace is expected to reach 56,000 tons in 2020, an increase of 51.3 per cent over 18 years (37,000 tons) and an increase of 51.3 per cent in production capacity.
From the east, from the east, from the east, from the east, from the east, from the east, from the east, from the east, from the east, from the east.
Research on retail trade, social services, light-work paper, agro-forestry, and textile clothing.
Wu Wendell analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Company reports: Middle Reported performance meets expectations, and the second half of the year is expected to be spent in the first quarter of the year.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.