The first half of the year was in line with the year's guidelines, waiting for the first half of the year.
The production of 34,000 tons of alcohol and 10,000 tons of alcohol in the series; total operating income of 41.2 billion yuan, representing an increase of 11.1 per cent in gross operating income and 19.6 per cent in net profit growth over the same period, respectively; we believe that performance was not as high as anticipated: 1) from the perspective of distributors, the company has together eliminated more than 800 dealers, which is expected to correspond
Over 6,000 tons have not been delivered through direct distribution channels, thus reducing the overall distribution quota for distributors; (2) From a straight-line perspective, the current direct-camp channel has not been significantly released, increasing only the placement of high value-added products such as year wine, fine wine, and since wine is a new income and alcohol is growing at a better rate in the year,
At the end of June, the distributor received a quota for the month of July and August, and high-value-added products, such as gin, were delivered properly.
Seasonal behavior combined with the cessation of the use of the national liquor pedals at the end of June has left the market with a lack of feedback, with a steady increase in the price of direct distribution channels in the second half of the year, which is expected to increase in average prices and will continue to grow faster in 19 years.
The main reason why the company ' s 19-year performance is expected to continue to grow at a faster rate is: 1) the company ' s quota of 17 million tons of distributors is fixed, while the rest will be delivered through direct distribution channels in the second half of the year, while the company increases the overall average price of non-square alcohol to the BILL, with a lower performance base of 1803, resulting in a lower performance rate of q3 resulting in more elasticity of q3; 2)
With regard to the liquor series, the company plans to achieve sales revenue of $10 billion on a constant basis; (3) the distributor has fully spent the entire year at the end of March, while the year's liquor, refined wine and alcohol have been fully paid in June (part of the money returned by large businesses), taking into account sufficient advance payments and excellent sales, is expected to be made to the public.
The Division's performance has remained high throughout the year.
On the 15th floor of the China International Centre, 1,000th of Shanghai, China, China, and China, Hosni Station Road, growing in proportion to direct sales channels, growing brand power, and the company's performance will be enhanced and given to the company.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a free-trader in Chengdu China.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.