Day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
In a context of weak markets, there are no other prominent strong plates that highlight the value of the investment allocation of the white plate.
Taken together, the main reasons for the huge rise in this round of white wine collectives include the continued accumulation of long-term funds, the concentration of domestic institutions, the low season of sales of white wine, better growth expectations, etc. The stock prices of companies such as Mautai, Five Grains, Liquor, Quantities, etc., have been rising up to date.
Total equity/flow (million shares)
Stock prices are high. It's not hard to find that stock prices can be sustained at high rates, but they are concentrated on the soundness of fly-by-drinking wine in the State of Gui Dai (600519), where the mainstream white wine company's dynamic pe is close to the reasonable zone.
What is the price?? - 2019/06/20 - 5 grain fluids 27x, 27x, 26x, 30x, 31x, and 33x.
In combination with the previous cycles and their valuation hub, the current valuation of white wine is not significantly bubbled. The average ton price rises are evident in mid- and mid-month.
In mid-June, the first half of the year saw the delivery of the bottled wine faster than 100 tons per day and the first half of the year's total.
–2019/05/09 about 14,000 tons. In addition, after the distributor had completed the annualized payments for personalized products, in late June the dealer was launched and the dealer was concentrated on the full six months.
Centrally reported and year-round growth is expected to be better in Maotai, Guizhou. The tightness of the financial chain caused by the centralization of money by dealers may have an impact on the prices of Mautai and other competitive products in the short term.
The impact on Mao has been relatively limited. In our judgement, the price of mahogany continues to trend upwards in the second half of the year, with five grain fluids and 1573 wines mainly looking at the market sales during the season of Mid-Autumn, and if the sales are not bad, the basics will be proven, the climate will continue, and the market will continue to be optimistic.
The investment structure is constantly optimized. Whether it is a long-term revenue-oriented fund or a domestic institution that evaluates relative returns, it chooses to buy it and hold it for a long time.
With fundamentals and capital, the market began to dispel doubts, and in the short term, it benefited from a sharp downward trend in leadership, certainty of growth, optimal investment structure, etc.
Considering the optimal structure of the investment and the leading premium, we're judging that the valuation of the tabernacle in Guizhou will continue to go up, 34.9 times as high, with a “buy-in” rating.
There's a big drop in the speed of growth, or financial fluctuations abroad, and financial pressure continues to pull out. The other fundamentals are the 9th North End North Street in Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report