The sum of the relevant transactions in Maotai, Guizhou, is up to expectations, and the price is high.
The standard of 5 per cent (approximately $5.6 billion) of net assets at the end of 2018 continues to be sold to the Maotai Group.
This announcement made it clear that Maotai does not have a plan to sell a total market quota for the sale of Maotai wine, and that the upper limit for the goods from Maotai and Guo Tai Wine Co. Ltd. is 5% (about $5.6 billion) of net assets at the end of 2018, corresponding to about 2720 tons.
Mau-Tai (1 ton about 2124 bottles) is expected to add 1,438 tons this year, taking into account the sum of $2.6 billion in 2018 in related transactions, such as Mau-Tai and the airport, taking into account that Mau-yae took the Oyang-woo sword from the distributor.
The return amount is about 6,000 tons, so about 4562 tons will be sold through direct sales, at a price of $969 per bottle at a price of $1499 per bottle, and 4562 tons will be expected to raise the profits of the company by $5.1 billion.
In response to the rapid rise in prices and terminal prices since the beginning of the year, the company recently convened a working session on the market, which indicated that it would do more to control the prices from August.
In terms of volume, the market was concentrated in mid-1919, on the eve of the Fourth of July, with 7,400 tons of pow-barrel, a quota of 9 pow-barrelled and a portion of the camp in October, which, while increasing by 7,400 tons last autumn, is still limited, and the concentration of profits from this round is somewhat flat.
End prices: 2) This year’s three-quarters statement is promising against the backdrop of a low base of shipments last year, an increase in the volume of 19q3 shipments, and the beginning of a pro-profit process. In addition, companies have launched a series of initiatives to strengthen price controls, and the convening of this meeting demonstrates the firm’s determination to implement price stabilization policies.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, Beijing West Side Street, Beijing City.
The net profits attributable to the shareholders in the parent company are 430.64, 504.30 and 58.748 billion yuan respectively. We believe that the benefits will be derived from a gradual increase in the proportion of direct sales channels and the growing brand power of the company.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a free-trader in Chengdu China.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.