Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
In addition to the Bill on the Sale of Products by Subsidiary Companies to Associated Parties and the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors, the company has also held market working sessions and has made relevant deployments on market and channel management, price control, and Quantities.
i. Group marketing programmes are better than expected, direct supply and direct sales are expected to increase, and the marketing programmes of the group marketing companies are brought together with the core elements of: (i) the purchase price and pricing principles of the group matching the social distributors; and (ii) the subject matter of the transaction, including gin and wine series;
The value of the transaction in 2019 did not exceed 5% of the net assets of the joint-stock company at the end of 2018, or $5.6 billion. The price-fixing principle market had already been anticipated, and the amount of the transaction and its corresponding market share was significantly better than the previous market’s pessimistic expectation.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) Not more than 5% of the transaction amount, the Board of Directors has the authority to pass by direct vote, thus eliminating the uncertainty.
Statement sales were over-expected, tonnage prices and advance receipts were reasonable, and the performance forecast for Guizhou Maup (600519) was rated as follows: profit on revenue is expected and average tonnage is raised
In response to the letter of inquiry, the company states that:
There are no arrangements for a larger-value-linked transaction between the controlling shareholder and the company.
A non-tax-free ton price (using the latest value-added tax (VAT)) of the bottled wine in 2018 has been added to the calculation. The $5.6 billion quota corresponds to about 2,700 tons.
Close to last year’s distribution structure of the entire distribution of the mahogany, and after cutting the chain of wine-related deals, in fact, the distribution of the mahogany is less than 2,700 tons, less than 45 per cent of the 6,000 tons originally expected in the market, which is within 8.5 per cent of the total planned amount for the year.
Guotai: The group sales program is better than expected, and the season is better than expected, and while the group matches the purchase price of social distributors, the profits from the corresponding quota channel cannot be fully recovered, the impact is relatively diminished because of the contraction of the scale.
The company is now rapidly deploying marketing restructuring and channel changes, and direct supply and sales are expected to increase in the second half of the year. The bidding for 600 tons of ka in direct supply and for 400 tons in advanced power suppliers will increase the quota of ka in direct supply and power suppliers in large proportions.
The previously disclosed direct market quota is expected to increase by about 1,100 tons, which will result in a significant increase in the share of direct sales.
Upgraded. 6,000 tonnes of Reclamation Quota for Dealers to eliminate 2,700 tonnes of Group Marketing, which can be used to upgrade Ka direct supply, power, straight-door and export sales. Apart from exports, the prices of the remaining direct-supply or direct-distribution products are significantly higher than the distributor’s contract
With the recovery and direct supply of 6,000 tons of distributor quotas and the increase in direct distribution of quotas, the price of tons of wine from the puppies is expected to increase further, raising net profits by such indicators as improving the Māori rate.
In the central report analysis in Maotai, Guizhou, we've measured that if the sales in 2019 were equal, then the price of the bottled wine would have to be raised to around 2.32 million tons...to ensure that the annual target of 14% income growth is successfully met.
3000 tons, or more than $1014 to ensure that the mission’s objectives are met. Consider: 1, group real quotas are less than 2,700 tons; 2, group quotas include non-target products, with unit prices higher than the flat fly; and 3, earnings from lower value-added tax rates and higher profits.
According to this judgement, while the group matches the social distributor’s pricing principles, the 14% growth target will still be achieved at an approximate rate, with no adjustment to the need to split revenue and volume in 2019. Guozhou Maotai: Group marketing program is better than expected, with a high-season performance.
In our last report, we pointed out that the best scenario for the group to make a multi-billion-dollar and 14-per-cent growth in the earnings of the stock company was to maintain a “parity price rise”, in which context there was no overdraft or passivity of the “dumped-up food” and full profit elasticity, raising the net interest rate of sales.
The program is better than expected and is expected to ensure that the price increases are realized: the company quickly introduced a group marketing program before the seasons of Mid-Autumn and National Day, which helped to deliver the sum of the plan year-round wine and expected the sales to be equal throughout the year.
The reason why we look at high tonnage is because there are three main reasons why the product structure has been upgraded, and the share of non-target products has been rising: 2, last year’s price increases for non-target products have not been made, and there has been a continuation of the increase.
Space: 3. Channel change, with a direct supply and direct sales ratio increase, will help to boost the overall ton price of pow-barrel, assuming equal annual sales for 2019; ton prices for group marketing companies are consistent with ton prices for 2018 (after value added tax adjustments), corresponding to 2.07 million tons of wine;
The rest, taking into account the season and product structure, uses an average of 2.25 million tons of alcohol per year. By weight, the average annual price of alcohol is expected to reach 2.32 million tons.
As long as the related taxes and fees remain stable, both the Māori sales rate and the net sales interest rate are expected to rise significantly, net profits and pss are more resilient, and we maintain the 2019 profit forecast and pss unchanged.
The company held a market workshop on 7 August, which focused on the recent surge in prices in the terminal market for the khat, and the deployment of marketing growth and market regulation. Management announced an increase of 7,400 tons of market investment before the end of the season.
This is an increase from the 7,000 tons planned before mid-autumn last year. Group sales programs are in good time, Kuotai: Group sales programs are better than expected, season performance is better than expected, providing a good opportunity to boost seasons: marketing reform also makes channels more diverse.
And, rationally, we hope to see adequate digestion of hand orders and better satisfaction of real demand. Of course, even if there is an increase, the large pattern of supply and demand is still difficult to break, and a drop in prices is expected in a batch of prices and end-market prices, but there is little chance of a drop.
In the long run, the price of the puppies is maintained at a more reasonable level when the volume is actually released, the channels are more sophisticatedly regulated, and demand is shifted from investment in hoarding to real consumption. In the short term, shocks are likely to be higher because of mismatches between supply and demand.
Last year’s three-quarters report was low in terms of revenue and profits. The real amount of alcohol invested in the first half of the year was insufficient, the market prices were now high, demand was stronger, and real sales could be good.
iv. A pragmatic push for the reform of the marketing system, with a multi-stakeholder approach in the marketing programme, highlights the determination and pragmatism of the corporate marketing reform as a joint-stock company, the current high price of the makhallyas and the glimmering of channels, and the forward vision and determination of the management team.
The group marketing company was established to further expand the distribution of products for sustained, stable and healthy development, drawing on the strengths of the Maotai group in terms of channels and resources. When programmes are blocked, and markets are divided and dissensions arise, the company remains patient and takes into account multiple interests and listens;
Consumptive shareholders also make appropriate concessions, allowing market sentiment to shift away and investor confidence to recover. Companies fully balance advantages and disadvantages, balance requirements such as business development and shareholder rights, reasonable compliance and proper handling of problems, as well as the performance and exemplary performance of leading and listed companies’ poles.
The logical margin for “parity rise, net interest rate rise,” which is now sound, has been strengthened. Keeping the profit forecast constant for the last three years, the company’s net profit growth rate is projected to be 16% in 2019-2021.
GUY: Group sales program is better than expected, and the season is better than expected.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report