I'm sure you'll be able to find a way out of this.
A little climax. An event: 1. A company issued an announcement on the sale of products by subsidiaries to related parties, Public 2019.
The sale price is the same or the same as the purchase price of other non-associated distributors: 2 - The company will concentrate 7,400 tons of puppies on the market before Mid-Autumn and the Fourth of July, reasonable arrangements for market placement during New Year's Day and spring, and the price of the terminal will be stabilized.
The company’s long-term value is driven mainly by breaking through high-end liquor ceilings, re-elevating prices and increasing the direct share. The market has been divided over the formation of subsidiaries at the group level for four months.
At the heart of the disagreement is the price-fixing of related transactions, which also led to a fall in the market’s share price after the collapse. This time, the price-fixing of related transactions continued the 13-18 years of company-to-group and related parties’ price-fixing approach, which also eliminated the market’s exploitation of the group’s profits and damage to shareholders’ profits.
The company’s direct business will open a new chapter when the group sales subsidiary is resolved. In recent times, China Yutsu and US supermarkets have been selling the 1499-dollar-priced hut, which has accelerated the process, and this has ensured the company’s year-round performance and, on the other hand, the market's right.
We believe that the long-term growth logic of the huts remains unchanged and that, after short-term disturbances, confidence in values will grow. High-end white wine demands strong resilience, and mid-autumn season will drive the plate up.
The company recently held a market meeting, demanding strict price controls, ensuring a red line of prices, and this investment of about 7,400 tons, which is about 24% of the year's mandate, has a stabilizing effect on prices, but prices have not increased the speed of delivery. We believe that the price of the huts has not risen just because of the downside.
It's scarce, and it's more of a strong demand for high-end white wine. We've been able to determine that the price of a basket of low-end white wine can be maintained at $2,000 in the middle of the autumn, s1480170120001 in the season, while at the same time increasing the price of other high-end white wine.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports: Linkage transactions are settled rationally, and the season release is expected to lead to a small climax.
In 19 years, the direct-account ratio exceeded management’s performance expectations by 14.16%. We believe that the direct-camp ratio will be a new driver of the performance growth of Maotai in recent years, and that our expectations for the company’s direct-camps have been maintained in pre-group sales companies, and this announcement validated our earlier calculations.
On the basis of a ton of puppies quota, the group sales company took 1,700 tons, the rest of which will be used for direct and non-bill liquor, we believe that the second half of the year is expected to accelerate. On the other hand, according to the company announcement, the associated transaction cap is 5.6 billion yuan, an increase of only 3.150 billion yuan, or less than 5 per cent, compared to the 2018 amount, leaving the camp faster, or keeping the company’s 19q3 performance up fast. On the other hand, the placement of non-bill products also improves the product structure to some extent and raises the price of tons of liquor.
The source of the east's wealth, the east's wealth, the south's wealth, the south's wealth, the south's wealth, the south's wealth, the south's capital.
Research on retail trade, social services, light-work paper, agro-forestry, and textile clothing.
Wu Wendell analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports: Linkage transactions are settled rationally, and the season release is expected to lead to a small climax.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.