The q2 high base has grown steadily, waiting for changes in the marketing system to land on 17/07/2019, as compared to +20.3 per cent and net profit of $8.73 billion, as compared with +18.4 per cent.
q2 reports lower than expected delivery, mainly due to package replacement + channel integration. The company received $34.79 billion, or +18.4 per cent, in 19h1 flying days, taking into account the higher base of the 18q2 statement, the income/profits were lower than market expectations.
Supply was slightly affected during the package replacement; 2) channel integration. As a result of corporate management adjustments, distributors and group marketing restructurings, the distribution of direct shipments has been slower and the distributors have accelerated the pace of implementation. Most distributors have now completed the July plan at the end of June and are partially available
The August quota; direct sales channel revenue for 19h1 companies was 1.6 billion yuan, or 37.8%, and measured 868 tons in the first half of the year. In the light of the increase in the volume of low-season drops, the price of fly-day batches remained high, except for a slight fluctuation following the June speech by the Secretary of the Li Bofan, which was maintained at a high level of 2050-2100.
The company asked its distributors at the end of June to make half a year's payments to the company, although part of the channel was open and directly set to go deep.
The company returns part of the money, and we estimate that the actual money is better than last year.
4.53 million tons, of which 34.4 million tons were produced by the Mautai wine, and 10.9 million tons were produced by the series of alcohol wines.
The restructuring is expected to be over. The second half of the year, waiting for the corporate marketing company structure and the side to slow down, long-term supply and demand constraints.
Convergence marketing companies, while promoting large group purchases, will benefit from well-known suppliers of electricity, and well-established sources of finance, which will help to flatten the channels and stabilize prices.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board