The incident was reported in mid-2019 on July 17, and the company completed the production of the gin in the first half of the year.
4.53 million tons, an increase of 14.68 per cent over the same period; operating income, net profit shares attributed to shareholders in listed companies slowed down in the first half of the year, waiting for the company to be on the ground. Business income and net profits achieved in the first half of the year increased by 18.24 per cent and 26.56 per cent, respectively; operating income and net profits increased in the second quarter, respectively.
However, the fact that some dealers have accumulated their stockings for the season, combined with the cessation of the use of the State Liquor Dynasty brand at the end of June, has left the market short of feedback, with a total delivery of about 14,000 tons in the first half of the year, which is almost equal to the same period last year, and the current annual sales of the Oyang Woo Sword.
22.89 per cent less than the expected reduction in the corresponding quota of 593 distributors was not delivered through direct distribution channels, while the direct channel affected by the restructuring of the business system has not yet been released, and the company is expected to grow rapidly after 1904, increase its revenue on the direct channel and increase its average price throughout the year.
Zhang Xing Xing’s product restructuring boosted the company’s profitability, and four quarters of the goods were returned, with advance payments rising slightly less than expected. Both the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate grew more than in the same period last year, mainly because of the product restructuring.
In terms of advance receipts, an advance of $12.257 billion was received, an increase of 23.30 per cent over the previous year ' s base, ending the downward trend of almost six consecutive quarters, with an increase in advance receipts due mainly to the lower base of the previous year.
Plus, half-yearly distributors have spent the entire year on total distributors, and the year on wine and wine on the end of June, but the company's return of the four quarters at the end of the month has led to a slightly lower rate of increase in advance than market expectations.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, Beijing West Side Street, 1000th Hengsheng-hoon Road, Shanghai, China and China.
The company's performance will be enhanced by the gradual increase in the proportion and brand power of direct sales channels, and the company will be granted the free trade test of Sichuan China for the 6th free trade in Shenzhen Fukuda District.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.