During the first half of 2019, the company completed 344,000 tons of Mauji and 10.9 million tons of bottled wine; achieved a gross operating income of 41.2 billion yuan, a 16.9 per cent increase in the same year, attributable to the re-innovation of the base and the logic of growth that still exists.
White wine has grown rapidly, with a marked increase in market ownership. In 2001, it produced 4.202 million tons, in 2018 it produced 87.12 million tons, and in 2018 it more than doubled.
In the first half of the year, the company's base alcohol production continued to rise, with a 13% increase in each of the same years, a 20% increase in the series and a two-fold increase in the volume of sales: one, the core product.
The price difference between the price of a bottle and the price of a retail one is large, and the price of a bottle is much higher; second, the series of wines made up of the Prince's wine, the Welcomer's wine, the Raat's, etc. are more growing, the sauce's open, the medium-flavored white wine consumption market space.
The prices of the hospitality series have risen, and the revenue growth has gone down at a rate that does not have to worry too much that, according to preliminary accounting data, in the second quarter of 2019, the company achieved business income of 19.6 billion.
Kodai, Guizhou (600519.sh): The successful secretary of the Maotai wine grew by 16% from the same year, the net profit to the mother was $8.7 billion from the same year, a 19% increase from the previous quarter, a slight slowdown from the first quarter of 2019, when the company earned $21,644 million in operating income.
At the beginning of 2019, the public department set up an initial marketing plan for 310,000 tons of puppies, which was less than the actual sales in 2018.
Thirty-two thousand tons. Faced with the hot white wine market, the company has taken measures such as high-end product controls, camp marketing channels, etc., to avoid undue fishing and lay the foundations for long-term development.
The price of the retail market has been moving up in the sky, under the influence of supply and demand. Also, the value of the product has been rising, with the Prince of Liquor and Ragu gaining more markets in the middle of the world.
In the first half of the year, net corporate interest rates were 48%, an increase of about 3% over the same period, and in the context of flying price stability, we believe that it was mainly due to price increases and lower value-added tax on the wine chain.
This is a unique high-end alcohol culture, which makes production processes non-robust and channels controlled. Maintains a “precautiously recommended” investment rating.
Demand in the white wine industry slowed down and released more difficult.