At the end of the q3 report, you don't have to worry about the year's growth.
The production of 34.4 million tons of alcohol, 10.9 million tons of alcohol in a series; total operating income of $41.2 billion, with a slightly lower than expected revenue of q2, is expected mainly to be a modest increase in the same-year recognition of Maotai ' s liquor statement and a lack of direct capacity. Q2 total operating income is projected to increase by approximately 11.13%, with net return to the mother, in the split quarter.
The q2 statement is expected to confirm that the volume of shipments was slightly lower than the actual volume of shipments and, according to the source research, the actual volume of the q2 consignment was about 7,000 tons, while the estimated volume of the statement was about 6,000 tons, which may have been limited in comparison with the increase; 3) Maotai has cancelled more than 800 dealers, nearly 6,000 tons from the illegal dealers
1. " A first-quarter open-door quota, direct sales + non-standard-enhanced Phunk quota is recovered, and it is expected that the first half of the year ' s recovery quota has not yet been released: 4) According to channel tracking, at present, the direct camp has not released significantly, increasing only the release of non-standard products.
q4’s performance exceeded expectations, and 19 years of projected steady growth could also increase profits, which is the main reason why q2’s profit growth is significantly higher than the income growth rate. With three-quarters performance at the end, there is no need to worry about the year’s performance growth.
3. q3 below expectations, high base and recognized space; on the other hand, we expect a slightly higher level of confirmation at the end of the three-quarters statement than the actual shipment 4. q2 over-expected income, maintaining strategy first push - Guizhou
In late June, Mao started the dealer’s second half of the year’s loan plan. The dealer can stabilize the channel price system, return the funds as soon as possible, and lock the year’s sales target ahead of schedule. This will be reflected in the semi-annual advance payment, the second half of the year.
Nineteen years are a small year of enforceability, and an increase in the non-standard + direct-camp ratio remains critical. Against a background of constant prices and near-same projection of investment recognition, the gross operating income at the base is expected to increase the same time in the first half of the year.
Moreover, the company’s direct-account channels are expected to grow faster in the second half of the year. In our view, direct sales + non-value-added increases will be a key enabler of performance growth throughout the year in this small year of deliverables in 19 years.
Increased market competition/deterioration of market demand/ direct access to expected/food safety issues Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as average market investment