Kodai, Guizhou (600519): Mid-Autumn prices were 0407.2019.
According to grass-roots research, the price of the huts has recently been set at $2,000, and the terminal price has been around $2,400.
The price of white wine is changing from the previous three-principal consumption to the government consumption, and now, the choice of white wine is gradually diminishing, which also provides a comparison between the demand for high-end white wine.
Strong resilience. And the paucity of the huts keeps their prices strong. On the other hand, the upswings of the huts also open up space for high-end white wines like the five grain fluids and the old cellars in Kyongzhou, where the liquor companies are dim in the second quarter of the year.
We keep looking at the high-end liquor market, and in this context, the terminal price of the hut is also expected to be demand-resilient.
In the second quarter of the year, the company locks up its year-round performance ahead of schedule, accelerates its delivery at the end of the season, and ensures that the year’s targets are met. In June, it will concentrate on 2,000 tons of huts.
Slower paces, or associated with the pace of release of 6,000 tons of quota recovered by organized distributors; and, on the other hand, higher market prices for the huts, which would help stabilize the terminal prices. According to the company’s second half of the year, the total volume of goods delivered in the first half of the year was about 14,000 tons, the same amount.
The increase in performance in the first half of the year was driven mainly by the product structure, and the net profits of companies in the second quarter of the year alone are expected to increase by 30.27 per cent over the same period. In addition, in late June, the company launched a credit cut for the second half of the year for dealers, which is now fully completed and will be reflected in the company’s advance payment.
In recent years, the company has been directly committed to the reform of the channel. On the one hand, the reform of the channel has helped to further optimize marketing channels and clean up the benefits.
S1480512121, or a loss dealer to guarantee the price, while a higher direct-camp ratio is conducive to raising the price of a ton of alcohol. The sales recovered are used in two parts: part to raise the proportion of direct-camp channels.
After some 437 flying liquor distributors, a quarter of companies have withdrawn 39 common fly-away station distributors, and about 700 tons of quotas have been withdrawn to expand direct access. It is expected that the distribution system will be overtaken by policy in 19 years, and another part will be used to launch non-target products to improve the structure of the product. The company plans to release 310,000 tons in 19 years.
This represents a slight increase of 10.7 per cent, of which 17 million tons are in the distribution system, mainly in the ordinary skyscrapers; the remaining 1.40 million tons are in the ordinary skyscrapers and non-square huts, respectively (sons, years, fines).
The product structure and the upgrading of the marketing structure together boost the profitability of companies and drive rapid growth in performance beyond market expectations.
Kodai, Guizhou (600519): Prices are expected to be strong in the middle of the autumn, with a sustained increase in the premium for valuation.
East Hing Securities Company reports: Mid-Autumn prices are expected to be strong, with a sustained increase in value premiums.
Research on materials, retail trade, social services, light paper, agro-forestry fisheries, textile clothing.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.