You've got a good price, you'll be on the ground in the second half of the year.
In the first half of the year, 34.795 billion dollars were collected, an 18% increase in the same year, 4.66 billion dollars in the same year, an increase of 0.78 pct in the first half of the year, and the actual delivery should be about 15,000 tons, a rise in the same amount. In 2 q, $15.3 billion, a 12% increase in the same year, the price of the first batch is already reflected.
Market supply constraints have led to a slowdown in revenue growth of 2o as a result of the limited availability of goods.In the first half of the year, the combined cost rate was 11.5 per cent, a decrease of 1.7 pct compared to the same year, mainly as a result of lower sales costs of 9.67 per cent compared to the same year, as a result of lower liquor market input costs.
1.37 pct. 2q combined cost of 12.93 per cent, a decrease of 1.96 pct over the same period. 8 per cent less than previously anticipated, on the one hand, as at the end of June, the Mautai and series liquor dealers
The number of liquor series has decreased by 593 and, on the other hand, the company's three or four quarters advance was designed to control market prices, not to be imposed, so the distributors vary according to their needs.
The ratio of institutional investors to the share in circulation a has broken down into 2000/bottles, with high prices implying a continuation of the seller ' s market, with the pace of demand accelerated as sales approached in the second half of the year, stock-filling driven by a higher degree of certainty as performance increased throughout the year.
In addition, early in the year, companies said that they were going to increase their direct, commercial and other inputs, while direct sales revenue of 1.6 billion, or 4.1 per cent, showed that the direct lines had not been released. In order to achieve the targets set for the beginning of the year, we expect that direct lending would probably be on the ground in the second half of the year, with a significant increase in the share of revenues.
Figure 1: Pre-receipt units in Maotai, Guizhou: millions of dollars, forecasted return (expected return; er), stating the following: This report is prepared by Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investment in Group Benefit (Hong Kong) Limited and Investment Services provided by Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Limited. This report is not made by ... individual clients.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report, i. or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf or on behalf of others.