At the Center for Consumer Upgrading and Recreational Studies, the revenue performance was not surprising, and the next round of over-expected performance was created.
(+18.24 per cent), the net return to the mother is 19.951 billion yuan (+26.56 per cent), which is largely consistent with the forecast and slows the growth of income in the second quarter, with the expectation that the direct company programme will fall. In the second quarter, the company achieved operating income of 178.44 million yuan (+12.01 per cent) and the rate of growth slowed, mainly because of the relative base of the same period.
High, the end of the statement confirms a limited increase in the volume of shipments on the same basis, and the recovery quota has not been released from the direct channel. According to the semi-annual report, the share of corporate direct sales revenue in the first half of 2019 was only 4.1%, which has not yet been disbursed significantly.
The DPP involves multiple interests and requires careful consideration. However, according to the Maotai plan for 2019, the company ' s performance at the end of q3 statements will focus on raising the direct sales ratio, so we expect the straight-camp programme to be on the ground for the second half of the year, and so push it.
An increase in the share of direct sales by firms, which in turn boosts growth in corporate income and the release of profit-side elasticity.
The annual Māori rate is 91.87%, an increase of 0.93 pct from the same year. The splitting product structure shows that q4 is above expectations and is expected to grow steadily in 19 years, with a high Māori ratio of 88.2% in the first half of 2019.
Thus, we believe that the increase in the Māori rate is mainly due to the high product structure resulting from the increase in the non-standardized ratio 4. Q3 performance is below expectations, the base is high and recognized, and the price of the product is higher. In addition, the cost of the company is also outstanding, and taxes and surcharges are operating.
The income ratio decreased by 1.89 pct over the same year, the sales cost decreased by 1.55 pct over the same year, and the management cost rate (including q2 revenue over-expected, maintenance strategy first push - Guizhou is expected to remain strong with three quarters and year-round performance. The company started in late June.
In the second half of the year, we had anticipated a significant increase in the company's six-monthly advance payment, which was in fact only $872 million higher than at the end of the previous year. We had expected the company to focus on crushing prices, but it did not meet expectations, and the advance payment was not mandatory, so there was a refund. Moreover, Mid-Autumn.
By the end of the season, which is now in the replenishment phase, it is expected that the pace of confirmation of deliveries in the three quarters will accelerate, thus contributing to a better performance in the three quarters. Overall, the company’s long-term logic remains unchanged, the supply-deficit situation remains intact, the seller’s market position is strong, and performance growth throughout the year is still on track.
Increased market competition/deterioration of market demand/ direct access to expected/food safety issues Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as average market investment