Analysis of daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco in Guozhou: higher sales or higher expectations, reasonable ton prices and advance payments, higher net interest rates Second quarter, total operating income of $18,692 million, an increase of 10.89 per cent; operating income
178.44 million yuan, an increase of 12.01 per cent over the same period; net profit for mothers, an increase of $8.730 billion over the same period, i.e. strong alcohol sales and higher or higher sales than anticipated, resulting in abnormal tonnage prices, slightly lower advance payments, gross operating income for the first half of the year, net profit for the mother, and performance forecasts, are virtually different from those for the first half of the year.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) Total market value/flow (millions) Total market value/flow (millions) Total market value/flow (millions) Total market value (millions)
The report does not disclose the specific sales of the last six months of the Kotai wine, if the company's management has previously revealed that the profits are on track and the average ton price rises.
In the first half of the year, the average ton price of the bottled wine, calculated at 1.4 million tons, was 2.485 million yuan, a marked increase of 20.95 per cent over the previous six months - 2019/07/14.
The price of a ton of wine is considered to be false, even considering the impact of the lower value-added tax (VAT). In addition, the company has been accelerating the demand from dealers since April.
-2019/06/29 and accelerated delivery in mid-June. Markets are optimistic about the expected advance report.
In combination with the increase in the Māori rate, the price of tons of alcohol, and the lower than expected advance payments, we may judge that the difference in expectations stems from the fact that the sales of the Mautai wine corresponding to the reported income may have been greater than previously disclosed by management. Because the expected sales of Māori are the least disturbed by the expected sales rate.
The sales of the Māori rate started with the same increase in the price of the ton of alcohol and, accordingly, the estimation of the real volume of the statement sales and the digestion of the advance payments, and the correction of the division of the prices in the first half of the year by the following quarter:
If in the first half of the year, the actual delivery of the puppies amounted to 140,000 tons, the total amount of outstanding advance receipts as at the end of June was revised to take into account the average price of the q1 sales structure of alcohol at 2.25 million tons per ton.
About 13.9 billion dollars, which corresponds to the value of about 6,100 tons of pow liquor, or about 36% of the total number of contracts with distributors throughout the year. (In view of the fact that in the second quarter of the year alone, the number of Mautai liquor distributors has been further reduced by 60, the level of scrutiny of severe penalties has not been relaxed, and the number of contracts with distributors throughout the year is likely to shrink in real terms.)
We believe that, given that personalized products are almost year-round loans, some of which are made in the second half of the year, and 36% of which are returned after August, the proportion is roughly the same. In summary, the strong performance of the main business highlights the quality of the statements, while the volume of the statements may be sold.
In terms of the split of income and volume, the report is healthy. Second, the increase in the Māori rate, the improvement in the cost rate, and the subsequent decline in net interest rates meet the optimistic expectations.
In the first half of 2019, the price of a ton of alcohol was raised mainly by further price increases and product structural upgrades for unbid products. According to the report, the share of direct sales in the first half of the year was only 4.06%.
Last year, the price increases for non-target products should have lagged behind after the usual prices were raised, and the increase was not a step in the way, leaving room for further price increases this year, which still has the same impact in the second half of this year. The changes in product structure, as a result of the effects of the restructuring of the marketing system, are still in place.
And the lack of marketing programmes for group marketing companies has led to the non-satisfactory placement of the distribution quotas recovered last year, the second quarter of which was very well structured, with less labels, more tons, and higher prices. As marketing reform moved forward, more direct business models were set in motion in the second half of the year.
The share of direct sales will return, and the contribution of channel change to income and profits is expected to be visible; at the same time, the marketing programme of the group marketing company will be put in place (which will be further developed below) and the product marketing structure will return to normal. So we predict the average ton of wine for the second half of the year.
Prices will be higher than in the first quarter but lower than in the second quarter, with[230,232] average tonnage spreads throughout the year, with 9.67 per cent drop in sales costs in the first half of the year and 4.83 per cent in sales costs, 1.41 pct less in the same year; and management cost rates (including R & D) continue to improve marginally and decrease in the same year.
The main reason for this is the clean-up of non-compliant distributors, especially new recruits in the liquor series, during the second half of last year.
This led to a significant reduction in spending in the second half of the year, after spending reached a high point in the second quarter of last year. The sales budget for 2019 increased by about 83% in the same year, but declined in the first half of the year, with a low year-on-year base and a normal cost increase, suggesting that sales cost rates should not be overly optimistic.
Analysis reported in Guohai Maotai: Report sales are over-expected, tonnage prices and advance payments are reasonable, net. Overall, Māori rates are expected to be high and stable, while management rates continue to improve marginally, but sales rates are likely to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, and net interest rates on sales in the main business may be expected in the second half of the year
Third, the conjectures of group marketing companies’ marketing programs, with sensitivity tests, prejudge their impact on group marketing companies’ marketing programs, which have taken too long, and are now in place, again.
The program is about corporate income, ton prices, channel structures, etc., which affect indicators such as Māori rates, net interest rates, and determines whether the logic behind the increase in net interest rates has been strengthened or weakened this year and beyond.
If the marketing programme is successful in the near future, how will it affect the second half of the year and the year as a whole? To answer this question, we combine the first half of the year’s operations with the entire year’s mandate.
Target, sensitivity calculations are conducted using reasonable assumptions, and the potential impact of various combinations of prices that may arise for the marketing programme, depending on the annual sales scene, is as follows: In extreme cases, it is assumed that sales in 2019 were at the same level as in 2018 and remained at 32464 tons.
As long as the group marketing company gets a price higher than $1064 per bottle, no matter how many tons (up to 6,000 tons) the distribution program set, the mission’s target for the year will still be achieved at an approximate rate. Assuming that in 2019 the sales volume was only 31,000 tons, a drop of 4.51% from the previous year, it was to complete it.
The target of 14 per cent annual income growth, with an annual average tonnage price of more than 19.38 per cent, exceeding the level of the first half of the year, would require group marketing companies to raise the price, in which case the mission target would probably not be met if the price was below $1470 per bottle and the quota was less than 3,000 tons.
You have an analysis of the market sales or over-expected, the price of tons and the advance payments are reasonable, with a net quota of 4,500 tons, and we have an analysis of the three scenarios of the annual sales of mahogany, which correspond to different pricing prices and the potential for over-performance. The rest of the quotas are extrapolated.
In summary, the increase in the price of tons of alcohol has contributed more to the year-wide growth target, but a more diverse set of scenes has shown that the most advantageous scenario is to maintain the year-round sales of the pot. In this context, the marketing program of the group marketing company is still needed to ensure that the objectives of the mission are successfully accomplished.
In the most extreme case, if the group marketing company is treated as a distributor, take the goods at $969/bottle, with a quota of $969/bottles.
Four, the follow-up outlook is still valid, and the three-quarters base is still low.
In our judgement, it's not very difficult for companies to digest about 18,000 tons of low-level wine in the second half of the year, and it's important to see how the average ton price changes. As long as there are no extreme market changes, and corporate marketing companies do not take extreme marketing options, the target is likely to be achieved throughout the year.
The logic of “a rise in volume parity and a marked increase in net interest rates” is still in place, and the fundamentals are not problematic. From the shareholder composition reported in this report, the structure of the investment body is constantly optimized and more diversified and balanced:
Although the share-holding ratio has declined, two of the top 10 circulating shareholders have made private purchases, and the share of long-line funds that value absolute returns and have a longer investment appraisal cycle has continued to rise. With respect to the performance of the Middle East report, there is a real divergence in the market, with short-term stock prices rewinding.
But, in terms of fundamentals and funding, we still judge that the probability of a major adjustment is low. The follow-up outlook, because the three-quarters report has a very low base for the same year, and real sales may be good.
An analysis is reported in the Guizhou Mautai report: the volume of sales is either higher than expected, the price of tons is reasonable and the advance payments are reasonable, taking into account the optimal structure of the investment and the premium on the head, and we conclude that the valuation of the Kuizhou Mae will continue to go up, pe 34.9 times, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The biggest profit in the future, and they sell it on the assumption that there's a problem with Mao Tai sales, profit.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report