China Stone (600176).
China’s Great Stone is the world’s leading industry, producing billions of yuan, an increase of 75 per cent and 240.68 per cent, respectively, and a gain of 0.65 per share. The market share is 22 per cent of the world’s total and domestic, respectively.
Industry q2 continues to grow marginally, and corporate performance continues to rise. For two of the company’s main products, the vinyl and electronic veils, 2021q2 averages and g75, respectively.
The monthly average price index for the industry is still moving up month by month, but the tilt rate is decreasing, and the fibre-clothing and g75 electronic veils are equivalent to the bulk raw materials of the composite materials industry, the price is marketed and the cost is proportionally high and the profit is more price-sensitive, so the price of the q2 product goes up month by month.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The level and size of corporate profitability continued to grow at an explosive rate of 238.72 per cent, with a significant increase of 5.93 percentage points in the q2 MLD ring ratio, and a return to the parent net profit of 1,534 million, which reached an all-time high.
The high climate level and two major structural advantages protect h2 performance. Looking forward, the demand for medium- and high-end boar varieties, represented by cars, hot-plastic short-cuts, electronic veils, and co-shares, will remain strong and face these medium- and high-end fibre varieties in the light of the current business expansion.
Total equity/flowa units (millions) High demand for sex and supply of controlled supply and demand status to place overall supply and demand in industry tight in the second half of the year b/h units (millions)
In a balanced position, the industry's climate is going to be high. For the company itself, the ratio of products at the upper end of the product structure is close to 80%, and the ratio of overseas demand in terms of revenue is more than 30%, with high domestic activity in the second half of the year and an accelerated recovery of demand in Europe and America in the aftermath of the epidemic making a strong contribution to the company's performance in the second half of the year.
The key to success is long-term focus on the original veil, the nature of the fabric as an alternative material, and decades of dedicated effort to scale up.
Cost advantages and product structure upgrades to provide best value for money for the industry downstream are also central reasons why companies are able to maintain a better level of profitability at the bottom of each cycle, and the bottom of the profit scale is rising. Looking ahead, companies will continue to focus on falling costs and product structure upgrading to boost production.
Wire intelligence and information transformation to achieve the “three firsts” of “hot (ts) thick global first, hot (tp) short global first, electronic (it) thinst global” at the end of the 14th Five-Year Plan, in addition to the medium- and long-term incentives for business overprofit sharing that will enable companies to develop.
Together with more closely tied employee interests, we believe that the overprofit-sharing mechanism is the consolidation of the firm’s own “Megapolitik” business viability and will also enable the firm to strengthen its ability to implement the “Three Firsts” goals, and that the company will continue to sit on the world optic chair and lead the world’s optic industrial development.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone 600176: Energetic growth travels through the cycle and continues to sit firmly in the chair.
The source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the source of the East's wealth and wisdom, China's Great Stone (600176).
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is Zhao's own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
China Stone (600176): Advanced growth through the cycle, continues to hold the chair, and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and fair information, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute an offer or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.