China’s Great Stones have continued, with a record high of second-quarter harvests and profits, rising volumes, falling costs, and looking at the company’s long-term development.
▪ Industry landscapes continue to rise at a very high price: benefiting from super-highness since last fourth quarter, during the reporting period, 110.19 million tons of fibre-optic gauze and product sales were achieved, representing a 34 per cent increase over the same period; benefiting from the launch of a new electronic fabric project in the second quarter, with a sales volume of approximately 222 million metres in the first half of the year, corresponding to an increase in the same period
80% of the industry is high, and the boom in corporate output is the driving force behind the rapid growth in performance in the first half of the year. With the boom, the company’s income, net profit, cash, etc. remain strong.
Ping further increased, and the construction of automated production, machine-changers, and digital plants again reduced the single ton cost of China’s giant stones. Combined with a six-monthly increase in product prices and a restructuring of the product structure, the combined Māori rate for the second quarter of the year reached 49.5% and the combined net interest rate was 33.9%.
With the first medium- and long-term incentive for excess profit-sharing, performance growth adds momentum: we believe that the excess profit-sharing scheme aligns the medium- and long-term interests of employees with the growth of corporate profits.
In addition to creating incentives for profit-sharing, the company has introduced a reduction in profits, a penalty for direct termination of incentives, such as losses, accidents, frauds, etc., that has kept the company at the bottom of the line and added confidence to investors' investments.
China Stones: The power of production is still in place, waiting for product prices to be counter-expected, the ability to deliver fibre-optics is over-expected, the overseas epidemic is repeatedly delaying demand, and demand is falling.
In the first half of the year, the landscape of the bovine industry was largely sustained, with prices rising, costs falling, and long-term growth.
Figure 1. Corporate revenue and profits are one season higher. Figure 2. Corporate cash flows continue to perform well.
The industry has continued with a steady increase in prices: benefiting from the super-highness of the last quarter, during the reporting period, it achieved a rough and a few hundred million metres, an increase of about 80% over the same period. The sales of the rough veils have increased considerably, and the average price has also risen significantly. According to Drove, the prices of the Chinese marbles in the second quarter have remained high, at an average price of $6,000, and the average cost of the electronic fabric is about $8.8 per metre.
In the first half of the year, demand was largely driven by high demand, with fibres such as barbows, co-shares, short-cut wires, and their products benefiting from the recovery of transport needs such as automobiles, sustained vehicle-quantified growth, industrial activity, etc.
Production recovery; rising demand for downstream pcbboards, 5g, smart households, smart manufacturing, and smart car panels, driving demand for electrical fabrics. Electronic fabrics and braking resonance are important reasons for the growth in corporate performance.
The smart manufacturing base has met its standards, the smart manufacturing advantage has increased, and the Maori net interest rate has risen: at present, China's Giant Stone Headquarters has three smart manufacturing lines, two smart electronic lines, and two smart manufacturing bases. With the production of 150,000 tons in the third year, the crude production line and the production line of 60,000 tons and 300 million metres of electronic fabric in the second year, China's giant stone has been set on fire in advance and reached production targets.
The level of intelligent manufacturing has increased further, and the construction of automated production, machine-changers, and digital plants has again reduced the cost of China’s giant stones by one ton. Combined with a six-month increase in product prices and a restructuring of the product structure, the combined Māori rate for the second quarter has reached 49.5%, with a combined net interest rate of 33.9%, while the company’s current cost rate has been further reduced and operating efficiency has improved.
Figure 6. Further cost reductions during the second quarter 4. New construction and technological improvements, overseas and domestic expansion, further expansion of capacity. Egypt Base plans to build a new 120,000-ton pool kiln line and a further offshore strategy: the Great Stone announces the construction of a new pool kiln at the Egyptian base at the same time as the mid-year period.
The base in Egypt plans to invest in a 1.2 million-ton-a-year-old kiln line to meet growing demand in Europe, the Middle East, etc., with a 1.5-year project construction cycle of $335 million, which is expected to yield annual sales revenue of $115.36.8 million, with an average annual profit of $49.841.1 million. The base in Egypt currently has a capacity of 200,000 tons.
It is the most successful project in China’s Great Stone overseas strategy, and we believe that the expansion of base capacity in Egypt could lead to further optimization of the product structure, greater scale effects, and greater competitiveness of companies in Europe and the Middle East. The HQ Technology Reform program further expands the advantages of smart manufacturing: 80,000 tons of declared headquarters to 100,000 tons of kiln manufacturing.
This technology will use the latest kiln technology, smart manufacturing technology, and, once completed, the product consumption and costs will decrease significantly. We believe that this technology change will further improve China’s intelligent manufacturing of the Great Stone and raise its intellectual manufacturing lines.
Share, increase single-line production efficiency, energy efficiency, operational efficiency, reduce combined Māori and product failure, further expand the advantages of intelligent manufacturing and improve industry competitiveness.
(b) Bigstone announcement of over-profit-sharing schemes, which has added momentum to the growth of performance: the incentive for over-profit-sharing is to enter into a labour contract with the company, to work in that post for more than a year on a continuous basis, with a direct and significant impact on the performance and sustainability of the enterprise ' s operations, management, technology, marketing, business and other core cadres (excluding senior directors and shareholders holding more than 5 per cent of shares and their relatives).
The company’s annual excess profit-sharing generally does not exceed 30% of the excess profit, and the total amount of incentives actually earned or realized each year must not be higher than 10% of the net post-tax profit of the year. Each year, net profit increases by less than 10% from the previous year’s year’s previous year’s average net profit and shares by the excess profit-sharing; net profit increases by more than 20% from the same year, with excess profit-sharing by 30% from the excess profit; if net annual profits are higher
In the same year, there is no mention of excess profit sharing. Companies pay over-profit bonuses in the form of deferred payments. Figure 8. Over-profit-sharing schemes focused on the medium and long term, adding momentum to profit growth, and drawing the bottom line for good-faith business: we think they're over-profit-sharing.
The medium- and long-term benefits classified as incentives directly relate to increased growth in the medium- and long-term of the company, which will facilitate the movement of the company’s core workforce towards greater cohesion and ambition, and drive the company forward. In addition to creating profit-sharing incentives, the company has introduced a profit reduction, direct termination of incentive schemes such as losses, accidents, frauds, etc., by keeping the bottom line for the company’s operations and investing in investors.