Forage farming, two sails, and international agro-food giants are ready for launch. 18 December 2022. Long-term stability, with pig-breeding activities below 10 per cent, has been affected by cycles, volatility and delays.
Feeding: steady progress to break the profitable ceiling. Forage products sold by companies are mainly poultry feed, \triangleright, and the pre-expected fall in pig prices has led to a sharp drop in farm demand and a substantial upturn in the price of bulk agricultural products.
But the Māori rate is low in the industry, with one ton of Māori remaining between $150 and $180. With the increased profitability of the farming industry, the incentives have recovered, with the overall cost of upstream raw materials.
At present, the company is still active in optimizing the stock structure, adjusting the feed formula, improving the management of the stock, moving from a homogeneity ratio, meat ratios, and the listing of meat pigs to three key indicators that affect the cost of farming.
The company has not yet fully recovered to pre-epidemiological levels, which means that there is still a lot of room for improvement, food: deep-drawing end-value space, leading the agro-pastoral food track. 1) poultry chain: corporate poultry industry coverage, research assistant Zhang Xianxiao
The entire industrial chain from poultry to slaughter processing, with 700 million slaughter bodies a year, ranks first in the industry, and the company’s strategy is to control the scale appropriately and raise the value of the chain. 2) Food products: the company’s food business, which includes slaughter and meat products and prefabricated vegetables, contributed 130 million yuan in 2021, an increase of 60 per cent.
A rich brand matrix is being developed, the coverage of the various channels is being deepened, and brand sales are being promoted in the form of explosives, and the impact is gradually increasing.
The company's vanity and financial strength, the scale of its farming and food operations are expected to continue to expand, and the scope for future development is significant, covering it for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
1 Multi-dimensional business strategy, leading to the start of the international agro-pastoral food giant 1.1 forage, and continuing to move from the feed tap to the world-class agro-pastoral integration giant. 1) 1982-1991 exploratory period: Liu Yong-hyeon
The four brothers started as professional farmers and eventually formed the feeder industry; 2) Extension 1992-2004: The company feeder industry expanded from southwest to national and even overseas markets, with moderate cross-sectoral development of non-agricultural investments and the consolidation of the feeder industry, while the “feed-farming-slaughtering and deep processing” chain emerged.
4) Transition from 2016 to 2016: In 2016, the company acquired 70% of the share in the kosher farm, laid out the northwest pig farm market, shifted the strategic focus of its operations to the farm farm, and by the end of 2021, the farm capacity of the company built and under construction exceeded 1.9 million pigs by the size of the bed, as well as the production capacity of the built and under construction of the home-breeding farm.
In the future, the company plans to build a farm based on mergers and acquisitions, make brand meat, raise industrial premiums in the form of a safe food supply, and achieve the goal of integrated operations, transforming it into an international agro-pastoral food enterprise based on the base + terminal.
Figure 1: The company's historical development process The shareholders are Hope South Industries Ltd. and Hope New Group Ltd., both family members, 29.5% and 25.1%, respectively, in a holding ratio of 29.5% to 25.1%, and the actual controller, Liu Young-hoon, was one of the founders of the company through the New Hope Collection.
The group held an indirect 39.9 per cent share in the company ' s 3.7 per cent shareholding by its woman Liu Xuan, who took over as the company ' s chairman in 2013, and led the company ' s efforts to extend and promote organizational change to both ends of the industry chain.
In 2021, the company lost $9.59 billion in net profit to its mother. Largely as a result of the fall in external prices for pig production, and the successive increases in feed prices, internal promotion of pig rotation and optimization, the company ' s farm costs have risen significantly, resulting in pig farming, which is equal to +6.3 per cent; the mother ' s net profit has still been lost by $2.71 billion.
There has been a significant improvement in the availability of and related indicators, but due to higher feed prices, the cost of pig farming has not decreased significantly; the poultry industry has been affected by the warming of the market, rising prices, falling farm costs and shrinking losses; the feed plate has performed as scheduled, with steady growth in size and a marked improvement in the profitability of the food plate.
In 2021, the share of the feed business was 56.1%, an increase of 9.1 pct, and as the company developed a strong pig production business, its share increased.
According to the contribution, the feeder industry continues to provide a firm cash flow to the company, farming operations are subject to cycles and fluctuations, benefiting from business restructuring, with the company ' s overall Māori rate and net interest rate rising year by year since 2016.In 2021, short-term pressure on the farm plate and the company ' s profit performance in the raw pig business contributed to the overall Māori ratio.
In terms of cost control, the management cost rate has increased year by year, mainly to further expand production capacity, with companies building their own pig farm and fertilizer farm, depreciation, etc. Companies’ overseas operations are replicating domestic maturity models, with single feed sales moving to the whole industry chain.
In recent years, overseas feed has accounted for about 10% of the company’s total feed sales, and as of June 2021, 42 out of 63 subsidiaries were engaged in feed operations. But competition in the South-East Asian market environment has now intensified, and the Department has begun to invest heavily in overseas livestock farming, with the company’s first overseas pig farm being built in 2019 in Pingfu, Viet Nam.
Two feeds: steady progress, breaking the profit ceiling, having a strong head of 2.1, maintaining high performance, and, in the context of downstream pig production degeneration, companies are making a reverse growth through programmes such as heavy passenger development, product renewal, etc.
In the first half of the year, the revenues amounted to $36.2 billion, an increase of 9.8 per cent over the same period, with sales of poultry, pig, aqueous and anti-sort products, cagr, respectively 10.4 per cent, 23.3 per cent, 15.1 per cent and -5.3 per cent, respectively, of which 1,333 million tons, or 62.5 per cent, were sold out of poultry in 2021, and 5.84 million tons out of pig food, respectively.
The company’s feed business has clear objectives, and current production capacity is sufficient to support the pace of subsequent expansion. Tons of equity incentives, capr is over 12.3%.
2.2 A strong “product-plus” service that achieves a double increase in yield is more risk-resistant and less profitable in the industry for feed operations. In terms of overall profitability in the industry, the downward trend in the feed industry since 2019 has been evident, mainly due to supply and demand constraints on large-scale agricultural products.
Food prices continue to rise. Forage, as an end product, has a long lag in price increases that significantly weakens the profitability of the industry. Correspondingly, the Māori rate for company feed operations fell from 8.1% in 2019 to the relevant listed company data, which is not directly related to sales and is usually related to product structure.
Newly hoped to be a large integrated feed business, dominated by low-mori livestock, with gross interest rates clearly lower than professional feed companies such as Mid-Mine, Far North, and others. In 2021, the company had a high rate of Maori, which was only about 6%, and China, which was also a large integrated feed business, which had a high ratio of water production.
With a strong competition for product homogenization, companies rely on cost advantages to boost growth in the form of concessions. At the same time, overall competitiveness is enhanced around the multi-dimensional dimensions of supply, technology, products, and services.
On the supply side, the core advantages are firmly established through the supply chain of raw materials. Since 2014, companies have been active in setting up direct extraction bases for raw materials, entering into procurement agreements with a number of domestic and international suppliers, including Chinese and Chinese food reserves, and working with traditional channels of communication, industry enterprises, and local governments to maximize the benefits of resource integration.
The new Executive Board of the Feeding Industry, the Department of Large Supply Chain Management, integrated market planning, pricing mechanisms, strengthened linkages between the acquisition and logistics components, increased efficiency in procurement operations, and increased core competitiveness in procurement.
In 2021, the total market for fodder was 9.6 per cent; by category, 13.2 per cent of the poultry market was the country ' s first; 7.6 per cent of the pigs market was the country ' s top; 7.0 per cent of the aquaculture market was the country ' s top three; and 3.0 per cent of the anti-septic material was the country ' s top.
In terms of products and technologies, companies are tailoring their research and development on regional differences in product farming and nutritional differences at the growth stage, improving product competitiveness, and introducing bio-friendly and intolerant feed, in response to the differentiated needs of their customers.
In addition, the company has continued to replace the original daily food formula with low prices, and has introduced a mix of non-corn daily foods, full wheat foods, and all-rough rice foods, to expand the profit margin. In the future, the company plans to build new research and development bases around individual products such as milk pork.
(b) Explosive products, which further boost the volume of external sales: services: projects such as “Fodas”, which provide clients with relevant information resources and technical support such as seedlings, farming, insurance, marketing, etc., and, depending on the advantages of the corporate platform, provide clients with access to finance, and more importantly, with financial support.
Deeply tied-up relationships between farmers and companies to boost feed sales. 2.3 Demand rebounds, profit margins are expected to be repaired. Post-cycle refilling has increased motivation, leading to increased feed demand.
Continuously running, leading to an upturn in the toll, and a slightly higher stock of hogs than in the green zone, pigs still have marginal incremental demands. The company has taken advantage of opportunities to scale pigs after non-pest, to increase its development to group and size clients, and to provide other integrated services according to client demand, in 2021, in the context of pig outgrower sales, groups and size clients
In the case of poultry, the stock of poultry is still at an all-time high, but production capacity has to be deconstructed, and the stock of poultry is under pressure. In the future, the company will continue to maintain the size of its feed business, actively adjust its product structure, and move to a service model.
In addition, the current overall price of bulk agricultural products has stabilized, pressure on feed operations is expected to gradually decrease, and profitability has steadily increased. 3 piglets: production capacity has increased steadily and costs have continued to decline.
3.1 Reverse expansion, with the goal of achieving an overall regional balance, is conducive to risk avoidance. According to the Ministry of Agriculture’s Africa Porridge Prevention and Control Division, the company’s pig-growing capacity is distributed in five regions, mainly in the core provinces of population, economy, and consumption.
By the end of 2021, the northern, eastern, south-central, south-west and north-west districts of the company accounted for 27%, 35%, 17%, 10%, and 9% respectively. A balanced distribution of production can help the company to spread risk and avoid significant losses to the company as a whole due to epidemics, natural disasters, etc.
In 2016, the company published a strategic plan for pig-breeding operations, with a clear target of 10 million pigs per year in three to five years; in 2017, after the purchase of 70% of the ownership of Bentuan agriculture, the company opened the northwest market and formed a complete chain of pork industry; in 2019,
Since then, companies have seized the opportunity period of a non-pest, accelerating the distribution of pig production capacity. In 2016-2021, companies have built up nearly 5.9 million productive capacities, 2.2 million are still under construction, and it is expected that 18.5 million and 23.5 million will be on target by the end of the year.
At this stage, the company is based on the model of “company + farm” farming, based on considerations such as capital, pool of talent, and risk management. From 2018 to 2020, the number of cooperative farmers increased from 1,233 to 2240, and from 2021, affected by the low industry climate, the number of cooperative farmers declined.
One hundred and eighty-eight households, or the same-seven percent, but the structure of the households is optimal, with the average size of the households increasing by 35 percent over the same year, with more than 1,000 farmers accounting for 83 percent of the total number of households; the proportion of self-support and co-operative activities out of the total year is about 1:4, and the ratio of stock at the end of the year is about 2:3. It is expected to increase with the full load of existing fertility farms and the ability of self-fertilization personnel.
Farming costs have been exceptionally high due to staged out-buying piglets. Corporate farm costs reached $12-15 per kilogram by 2020, at a lower level in the industry, but since 2020, due to the rapid expansion of the previous period.
Internal production management capacity is squeezed, farm production is inefficient and farming costs are higher, but the pressure on farm production costs is much higher from the high cost of extra-supplier pigs, and the cost of extra-supplier pigs and their own pigs is indirectly affected by the cost of a fat pig of 0.5-2. In 2021, factors such as the downside of the pig price have shifted the focus of farming operations from scale to scale.
Starting in the first quarter of the year, the company slowed down the construction of new pig farms and self-informing projects; reduced capital spending continuously, with 2021h1 continuously relieving the pre-lease cultivation, self-infection and maintenance of intoxicated and inefficient hogs, and moving towards full-load production. 3) There is intellectual control and double-upgrading of production management.
In the first three quarters of 2021, the full cost of growing pigs was close to $20 per kilogram, and in the second quarter of 2021, companies stopped buying pigs and pigs, and the impact of high outsourcing costs was largely eliminated in the fourth quarter.
Corporate fertility costs were reduced to $17.9/kg, of which cash costs were $13/kg, close to industry levels. In the first quarter of 2022, as a result of the increase in feed prices and winter disease, the cost of living pigs recovered to $18.79/kg; at the end of the first half of 2022, Psy reached 21.5 and the fertility rate for 35 days was close to 91 per cent (compared with an increase).
27 pc), the birth rate is close to 86% (11 pccc more than the same year), with 11.4 live births (the same year comparison is clear, with the cost falling again to $17.7 kg in the second quarter). The company expects to increase the profit level of the company’s raw pig business as it gets out of the column, the company’s pig structure is RMK/kg, and the pig price is on the way.
The increase in farm production will further increase the profits from feed and slaughter. The farm chain links up to the lower end of the industry, with a net profit of 504 million dollars. 4 food items: deep-deep end-value space, leading the farm-pastoral food track.
4.1 Poultry integration: control size, steady mass improvement. By the end of 2018, the company optimized its organizational structure by transferring poultry slaughter to the White Leaf Poultry business, to enable it to combine production and marketing with upstream farming, and the restructured Poultry Plate business included white feather chickens and ducks.
“Old poultry farming – parent poultry farming – poultry slaughter” complete industrial chain. Duck breeding techniques lead, chickens remain modest. 1) Ducks: the company is in the vanguard of the industry, the country’s second-largest supplier of parents’ and third-largest commodity’s duck seedlings, growing a high rate of thin meat and living.
In 2021, the company sold 520 million seedlings, an increase of 2.3 per cent, and in the first half of 2022, it sold 280 million seedlings, an increase of 5.3 per cent.
Inflaming, the sales of commodity-based poultry have fallen by 10.8 to 200 million on the same scale. At present, companies are working together in the form of “company-and-farmers” and have increased their willingness to work closely with farmers by helping them upgrade their shelters, signing contracts for maintenance for more than two years, and promoting the gradual development of the former loose contract-farming model.
Substitution models have been upgraded; at the same time, there has been a gradual increase in the integration of commodity-generation support in suitable regions. As of 2022h1, the total amount of farm production in the commissioning and self-support model has exceeded 400 million plumes.
The strategic shift to a fresh, fresh, trade-oriented terminal, where the corporate poultry industry as a whole is now stabilizing, and where companies focus their attention on increasing the rate of by-product transformation and increasing the proportion of fresh products sold, respectively, taking advantage of the advantages of scale, targeting new and emerging channels such as central-header suppliers and merchants downstream to reduce wholesalers.
Dependence on market channels to help companies maximize brand value and value for the industrial chain. 4.2 Food: Product-driven brand power into growing fast lanes. Food business is the direction of the company's long-term transformation.
In spite of the weakening of consumption, the epidemic has also given rise to domestic demand for meals, bringing a new sense of quality to semi-finished and deeply processed foods. In 2021, the company pursued opportunities and improved product management and excellence.
The organizational and operational mechanisms have been better expanded in terms of products, regions and channels, with 940 million yuan in food operations, an increase of 2.2 per cent over the same period. 2022h1 The food operations have continued to break through with the sale of 218,000 tons of pork products, 130 million tons of processed meat products and prefabricated vegetables, an increase of 77.2 per cent and 6.6 per cent respectively;
Having achieved operating income of $4.91 billion, an increase of 9.8 per cent, and a net profit of about $770 million to the mother, an increase of 11 per cent in the same year. With the official inauguration of Shandong’s Kiyoko slaughter plant in early 2022, it has now achieved its own 90 per cent rate of internal harvesting and doubled the volume of pig slaughter operations, with the company producing 1.35 million pigs in the first half of the year, an increase of 93.6 per cent.
The company’s product matrix can be divided into three main plates: slaughter products, cooked food products, and prefabricated vegetables. With regard to slaughter products, the company continues to promote a “severe-separated” “bio-transform” development strategy that optimizes the product structure.
In the case of prefabricated foods, companies are constantly developing different and easily standardized products based on their original face, face, porridge, etc.
In 2019, the company introduced fire pots to drink, and the souffle became a blast, together with an organic combination of electric power, new retail channels (boxes of horse fresh) and a 38% share of the company ' s high-priced products, with the meat selling out of $140 million.
On the basis of the company’s continuous enrichment of the fire pot scene products, it has gradually developed brand influence and channel radiation, with 100% coverage of the fire pot chain to Top 100 in 2021, and a billion-dollar monolith of soybean meat. The channels are rich, deep-farming brand marketing.
Businesses, b.c. At the same time, the company's deep-farming community marketing, live on-line broadcasting, off-line catering forums and summits, thematic outreach, online social media innovation community marketing, and attracting attention to gathering customers, directing currents and promoting transformation. For distributors, the company's network of distributors across the country has completed 100% coverage of provincial capitals.
In terms of brand names, companies have a number of well-known brands, such as “Kixi cranes”, “Wings”, “VI” and “Sichuan market brands,” of which the “Beauty” brands are solid and “Sichuan brands” are strong.
The company’s accumulated product experience, service capacity, cooperation resources in the fire pot track, such as broom meat, are gradually being replicated into other products, catering channels. As the prefabricated food industry expands, the company’s food business is expected to be in-house.
The advantage of supply chains, high quality, multichannels, etc. have a greater brand impact.
And as upstream food prices stabilize, and as pig prices reverse, average sales are expected to cool and fall, and companies grow pigs and grow pigs.
Management upgrades help improve costs. According to the company's 22-24 year plan for 1400, 1850 and 23.5 million pigs, respectively, we assume that in the next three years the price of pigs will rise and fall as the supply fluctuates. Finally, 3) the poultry chain is integrated.
The company’s poultry capacity and volume are stable, assuming that sales of ducks will remain largely stable for 22-24 years, and that the Māori rate will improve as management capacity improves and costs improve. Finally, we expect that the poultry chain, in terms of overall costs, will continue to improve as the company becomes better and more well run.
For the next three years, there will be a steady decrease in the cost of the company, which has now become a top priority in the country’s agricultural integration, with feed and livestock farming as the main business affecting the company’s profits. By the end of June 2022, the feed business accounted for the largest share of the company’s revenues.
57.8 per cent, followed by 13.3 per cent for poultry and 12.5 per cent for livestock farming, with a larger share. Therefore, we have selected comparable companies for the main business of the company, namely, large-scale companies with feed as their main business, herbs with pig-growing as their main business, profit-making shares with poultry as their main business, and new hopes.
By the turn of the pig cycle, the poultry market is warming, and firm performance is expected to improve in the fourth quarter of this year to next year, and valuations are expected to be restored. The level of development and management has gradually risen, and the overall competitive advantage of the whole industry chain is evident, taking into account the company’s leadership and capital.
The scale of the gold power, farming, and food operations is expected to continue to expand, with considerable scope for future development, covering for the first time, giving 1) risks of animal disease.
2) The risk of volatility in livestock prices. While the market is warming and the livestock market is at the bottom of the rise, the consumer side is still affected by the epidemic and is still subject to volatility; and companies are still required to invest in ongoing and proposed construction work on a large scale, and if livestock prices continue to be depressed, there will be a significant decline in operating capacity, which will increase corporate debt servicing and liquidity risk.
3. Natural disasters and the risk of price volatility of raw materials. There is uncertainty about natural factors, such as drought and floods, and political factors, such as storage policies, the conflict in the Russian Federation.
If the global supply of bulk agricultural products is tight and prices remain high or continue to rise, the costs of feed and raw materials and farm production will be further pushed up. The methodological and analytical logic will lead to conclusions, an independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.