The membership has grown steadily, and advertising has had a negative impact on the performance of q3 Mango Supermix (300413) Q3 advertising has been under pressure in the third quarter of 2022.
The sales/management costs/research and development costs/fiscal costs rate is 22.04% less than the previous year.
According to the branch, the income from Mangotv members increased by 7.83 per cent over the previous three quarters, mainly by means of the innovative two-way platform “Mango play” and “m-club” members' operations, with members continuously increasing their visceral and continuing rates.
New results have been evident, with the launch of Mangoca in cooperation with China's mobile companies already on the line in several provinces. The Internet has reduced business income by 26.33% over the same year, mainly due to macroeconomic and epidemiological effects.
Gotv continues to strengthen core content-based innovation competitiveness, expands the advantages of the two platforms by introducing high-quality works such as " Scratch " : q2 performance rings improved, core business demonstrated resilience " , " Happiness back to work " , " Bottom line " , and " Junior Division 2 " , actively promoting one.
By the end of June, the two platforms had a total of 48 mixed arts teams, 29 film and video production teams, 34 strategic workshops for the New Mangang Plan, and a stock of our Media Stock Exchange Study 2022 Internet Strategy Report.
Hot Life 2, wife's romantic journey 6, Love Love 2, Time Concert 2, and others: Focusing on marginal rehabilitation after policy falls, new technologies for growth, and dramas such as "Song Junior Psychiatry 2" and "My People's Fireworks".
The report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional integrity and professional competence.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.