Mango supermedia 22q3 performance: advertising under pressure, polyclimatic content maintained competitiveness 22q3 performance by Mango supermedia, which generated $10.24 billion in corporate operating income in the previous three quarters, i.e. 12.0 per cent;
(a) The net return to the mother is 1.68 billion yuan, or 15.2 per cent of the year, or 3.52 billion yuan, or 6.72 per cent of the year;
As a result, the company’s advertising business was hit more strongly, with performance slightly lower than market expectations. In the previous three quarters, the mangotv advertising revenue was 26.3% (vs.22h1 - 31.2%) and the member income was 7.8% (vs.22h1 - 6.5%); the operator’s business income was 16.4% (vs.22h1 - 6.5%).
The q4 is also expected to confirm some of the advertising revenues. The home-made collection investment has increased, the Māori rate has fallen and the cost rate has stabilized.
There are 10 new copies of the full-season mixer less than the same number, the full-web new ciprograms more effectively than the same +1 per cent, the mangotv more effectively than the same +39 per cent, and the only positive growth in the four main platforms.
Le Boe re-entering with the highest scores in the national production; 22 q3 full-networked rallies with an average of three months ' worth of transactions (millions of yuan) + 19 per cent; Mangotv members are effectively aired due to the fact that they are clearly more abundant than they were in the first half of the year.
Mengo Media Ltd. has several derivatives q4 online and is expected to contribute to income. Mangotv slowed down in early October.
New rhythms on the show, but there's still more focus on q4 on the line: "Ride by Wave 3" derivatives, using the 24 October 2022 market rate as the standard. "The Band's Seaside" and "The Star's Promise" (broadcast) and "Break the Brave 2".
The monsoon theatre is planned to go on the line " Non-Mango Super-Memorization: Growing Self-Produced, High-Quality Content Veterans " . The historical show " Long Rivers under the Sky " will also be broadcast on both ends of the network.
20220425. It is expected that advertising vendors and members will continue to consume more than q4 and that the epidemic has led to a partial expansion of the ploughing.
Qualifying for portfolio investment advisory operations Media: Digital media Membership growth is not as high as expected; advertising is less than expected; regulation is too predictable; industry competition is increasing.