Mango SuperMechanism (300413.sz): Membership and business steady growth, advertising under the influence of industry Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz)
Incidents: Mongo excess achieved business income of RMB 3,524 million in the third quarter of 2022 (Yoy - 6.7 per cent, MK surplus achieved business income/mother ' s net profit/non-mother ' s net profit) in the third quarter of 2022, with steady growth in membership, 7.83 per cent over the previous three quarters.
1) Optimize the membership operating model: increase the members’ viscousity and renewal rates by means of innovative two-platforms, such as Mango dramas, m-clubs, etc. Companies rely on high-quality content and actively pursue integrated business strategies, comprehensiveness, etc.
Increases the market value of ip. 2) The dou and mau of mangotv have steadily increased: according to Questmobile, 22q3 mangotv averaged 276.0 million, yoy+17.2%; the mean dou averaged 49 million, yoy+19.5%.
The advertising industry continues to be under pressure, and the operator pays more and more. In the first half of the year, the company's advertising industry received 2,163 million yuan, a 31.15 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to the high base compounding of the epidemic, which caused a decline in the advertising industry; in the previous three quarters, the advertising industry received a decline in the same year.
26.33% of the Internet advertising industry, affected by macroeconomics and the epidemic, is still experiencing a significant shock, but there has been a narrow drop in advertising. The first three quarters of the operator’s business has seen an increase of 16.39% over the same period, and companies have increased the number of users in the province by optimizing the payment model, with a clear impact.
The Mangoca project, launched in cooperation with China’s mobile partners, has been launched in several provinces throughout the country. The company’s central platform, Mangotv, is tied to the art of the times, and its core platform, Mangotv, is firmly attached to the art of the times, returning to the essence of content, adhering to long-termism, and continuing to consolidate media values.
And the core competitiveness of the mainstream media with content-autonomous innovation, with the introduction of a series of slogans, such as "Standoff Two" and "Friends on the Ground" and "Juvenir Two" and "Friends on the Ground." According to Ye Eun, "Standoff Two," "Happiness on the Road" and "Four Seasons on the Breakout of the Secret Room."
q3 aired 3.40 billion, 330 million and 2.61 billion, respectively, in the first, fifth, and sixth places. Looking ahead, four quarters and later, the company is waiting to show the gaming package, which includes "Our Lives Two." "Lives' Romance Travel Six." "See Lover Two."
Time Concert 2 et cetera.
Investment proposals: The short-term decline in corporate performance is mainly due to macroeconomic and epidemiological problems that have led to advertising.
With the ability of the tv two-platform team, the multi-channel innovation has gained prominence, the drama is becoming more rich, and the company’s potential for quality content production remains ahead of the curve. According to wind’s unanimous expectation, risk factors are: recurring epidemics, macroeconomic pressures, tighter content regulation, and advertising.
In 2021, he worked on Skywind securities, covering the Internet, games, advertising, electricity, new consumption, etc., and was a pioneer in research on the mescolar secondary market (the first report did not have, did not have, did not have, and would not have been directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.