Mango supermedia (300413.sz)
2203 performed slightly under pressure and cash flow performed better. 2203 performed slightly under pressure and cash flow performed better. Billions, equal to 6.72 per cent, decreased by 1.84 per cent on the ring, and 2022q1-q3 achieved net return profit of 1.678 billion, 28.65 per cent. 22q3 had an operating cash flow of $457 million and two or three quarters guaranteed positive operating cash flow.
The impact of the epidemic on companies is still ongoing, and advertising continues to suffer. 2203 companies have improved their Internet video business. 22h1 members, advertising, business growth of operators, "m-club" and other members' methods of operation have increased their members' stickyness and renewal rates; advertising has become ambitious.
The impact of the economy, the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, etc., continues to be stressed; operators operate through the optimization of the payment model, and users in the provinces of commerce and commerce are gaining new results. The Mangoca project, launched in cooperation with China's mobile cooperation, has been launched in several provinces throughout the country.
In the first three quarters, the company launched a series of good notes, such as "Breaks 2" and "Breaks 2" and "Friends 2" and "Juvenile 2", which, in a horizontal comparison, are: Mangotv is the only platform where new numbers and effective broadcasting are kept up to date.
Aichi culture/cool effective play speed - 2% / - 14% / - 22%; Mango tv's new seasons are effective at 1 billion, a 39% increase. 2) Theater: Mango tv shows slightly less performance than any other platform.
16 per cent decline, 42 per cent increase in the ring, 1.3 billion more members of Mangotv, 8 per cent more than in the same year, Mango Supermix (300413.sz) - Improved Performance Ring, Focus on Future Content Supply Festival, Mango Supermistress (300413.sz) - Short-term Performance Pressure, Follow-up Script
Investment recommendations: resilient company performance under epidemic pressure, slight improvement in the main industry q3 ring ratio, Mangotv, Mango SuperMechanism - 300413-2021 Annual Report forecast: Short-term Disturbing Performance Tables The core logic of media platforms remains unchanged, and companies are active while ensuring the steady export of quality content
“Mango Super-Memorial - 300413-2021 Quarterly Review: Strong Performance, Focus Table”. “Mango Super-Memorial - 300413-2021 Mid-Year Review: Strong Performance, New Business Capable with slightly more than 2203 performance and better cash flow performance.
The company achieved a net return profit of 1.678 billion or 15.24%, of which 2203 achieved a net return profit of 488 million and positive cash flow. The impact of the epidemic on the company was somewhat delayed, and advertising continued to be hit.
Figure 5: Māori and net interest rate changes in mango ultra-media rates. Figure 6: Change in mango ultra-media rates is expected to improve the Internet video business of 2203 companies. 22h1 company members, advertising, operators increased their operations.
In terms of sub-operations, members operate through the innovative two-platform “Mango play” and “m-club” (Mango Welfare Society) to raise member sticker and renewal rates; advertising continues to be under pressure from macroeconomics, the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, etc.; operators operate through optimized payment models, and users in the operators are gaining new results.
The Mangoca project, launched in cooperation with China’s mobile companies, has been launched in several provinces throughout the country. At the end of the story, the company launched a series of good works in the last three quarters, such as the "Happily Back to Work" and the "Friends 2" – the "Friends" – to return to the essence of the content and to maintain long-termism.
In contrast, 1) Integrated Arts: Mangotv is the only platform where the number of new and effective broadcasts are kept up and up. 20203 TV videos show 1.8 billion new seasons, a 2% decrease in comparison; Mangotv shows 1 billion new seasons, a 39% increase in comparison; Ekichi and excellent seasons are effective.
They were 900 million, 400 million, a decline of 14% and 22% respectively. 2) in the episode: Mangotv performed slightly less than any other platform. The same positive growth was recorded for the Eoyote content, with Mangotv playing 1.9 billion, a decline of 16%, the Ring increasing by 42%, and Mangotv members playing 1.3 billion, a positive increase.
The investment proposal is: the firm’s performance is resilient under the pressure of the epidemic, the main industry’s 03 ring ratio is slightly improved, the core logic of the Mangotv media table remains unchanged, and companies are actively managing new trends in the industry while ensuring the steady export of quality content.
Considering the recurrent and macroeconomic effects of the epidemic, we cut down the company's profit projections for 22-24 million dollars, the company's only video platform for achieving a balance of gains and losses in the market, the ps hub for the last six months of the Nair flight has stagnated at 3-4x, and the growth of Mango super-powder users is on the right track, considering that we're still paying.
Ps3-4x of 23 years of operation for this segment, corresponding to a market value of $282-376 billion; 2) Internet video business (operator) remains nearly 20% of the industry ' s content vendor ' s business at the time of the downside of the business under the Pe-law, considering peer-to-comparison company ' s offer of the portion of the business p14-16x under the Pe-law.
4) Content production operations, according to the pe-law, consider comparable companies giving this segment of operations p17-19x, corresponding municipalities (comprehensive wind and Bloomberg data, the performance projections of United States stock labels Aichi, Beep, Naifi and Disney quote market-consistent expectations.)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject