Mango super-media 22q3 rating: short-term pressure on advertising and resilience on the part of members and operators: exposure to epidemic-affected advertising, but improvement in ring comparison 26.3 per cent drop in advertising revenue in the third quarter of 22 years, mainly due to recurring epidemics
But it's a smaller decline compared to 31.2% of advertising revenue in the first half of the year, and the company's prices compared to the constant-skin index are showing a smaller decline. Moreover, q4 is the power vendor's season, and the demand for advertising is going to be higher.
Refurbishment, which will inform advertising. • Member business: focusing on member operations, maintaining steady growth. Member business income increased by 7.83 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, on the one hand, and benefiting from Man on the other.
Supermedia, based on quality content, actively pursues an integrated operational strategy to raise the market value of ip across the board, while Mango supermedia optimizes the way members operate through innovative platforms such as Mango Plays, m-clubs, Mango Welfare, etc.
In addition, Mangotv issued an offer raise in July 22, effective 9 August 22 at 0000 hours, which will further boost its member arpu, and q4 is expected to benefit from the offer: optimize the payment model and demonstrate operational resilience.
In the first three quarters of the year, the operator ' s income increased by 16.39 per cent, mainly as a result of the optimisation of the payment model by the Mango supermedia, which made it clear that the operator ' s provincial users were taking on new activities, and that their company ' s depth: the New East Online (1797.hk):
In China, Mangoca, launched with China's mobile cooperation, has been online in several provinces across the country, with the new East on-line electricity provider's core three questions, generating a strong growth in the epidemic and demonstrating operational resilience.
• High-quality amphibious arts continue to be strong, and the temperature of the show collection has improved • Industry topics: the game industry: market space, according to cloud data, 22q3 mangotv on the new 16-synthetic art, increasing by the same year
The analysis of the core products of competition and mainstream producers (Team Holdings, Web-Ess, Three-Seven Recreations) was 33.3 per cent, with more than 1 billion effective performances of the current season, an increase of 39 per cent over the same period.
• Trade rating: vr Industry: Hardware Intersection, Highest Ratings; “Choi N Generation”: The Secret Room has escaped 4, Sword 2, Flowers and Flowers
Application scenes, industry in rapid development .. company depth: tether control (0700.hk): dramas, less than in the same year.
The game opens wide space, video numbers accelerate, vision q4, mangotv will still be on the line with a lot of quality content, including "The Band's Seaside", "The Bayside Night", "Our Life Hot" and so on.
Company review: Handsome Group - s (9961.hk): Doctors, Chang Ha, Song Chi, etc. Hunan Watch and Mango tv are two-wheel-drive operations in the sea and beyond.
As a result of the integration, 48 home-made polytechnic production teams, 29 video production groups have been set up.
In return, the priority corporate profit recovery period is 2022 - company review: 100-sw considers macro weakness and the recurrent effects of the epidemic, taking into account the company ' s performance in the last three quarters.
(9888.hk): Short-term disturbance of the epidemic, intelligent cloud, 22-24 exchange of Mango super-movement revenues to 141.27/16.04/18684 million (pre-value content to be broadcast) will increase user willingness to pay fees, and the user's viscosity will be added to the macro-environment.
Improved, and the need for advertisers to invest will be restored by maintaining a “buy-in” rating. A local response to the epidemic affects the risk of advertisers’ willingness to invest: loss of users as a result of members’ price increases; policy regulatory risks; and new art, new on-line or less than expected.
Internet companies, financial and industrial complexes, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives. The 2015 Crystalball 3rd and 2017 new laws use legally compliant information to produce the report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report come from open information on the market. I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change anything.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.