q3 advertising is under pressure and members and operators are growing steadily.
Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz) - 3-quarter review 2022
□: yuezheng@chinastock.com.cn members increased their income by 7.8 per cent, and the ad camp received a narrow fall of 2022q3 in the form of " Snack 2 " , " Junior 2 " , etc., and continued to provide information on the contents of the art and television shows
Moreover, the income of members in the first three quarters of 2022 increased by 7.8 per cent over the same period last year (mainly the Mango drama and the m-club, which increased user stickyness and renewal); in the third quarter of 2022, there was a 26.3 per cent decline in the same year in the advertising camp, which decreased; and in Mango tv union
Three major operators, actively exploring business cooperation among operators, building up a picture of the performance of intelligent families relative to the sw media, audio-visual and entertainment scenes, and the operator's operating income increased by 16 per cent in the first three quarters of the year.
In late September 2022, Mangotv signed a strategic cooperation agreement with China Space, which will involve strategic collaboration in the areas of “Innovation of the amphibious arts”, “Intermediate athletes”, “Visual sites” and “Down-line events”.
On overseas transmission, Mangotv signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Lao National Television and Yunnan Television Group at the end of August. Mangotv will take the opportunity of this cooperation and push into the "Go Out to the Sea" to bring the story of China to the world.
Galactic Media Yang Xiaojun Team, company review, media industry, Mango super-media (300413.sz) tri-quarter review, 2020: The content matrix builds the Protector River and the new ecological expansion of operations continues.
Qualitative review or review of risks, the risk of increased competition in the market, etc.
Q2 performance rings are better than good, and there's a sustained supply of high quality content.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.