Quarterly review 2022: industry reversible to advertising 24 October 2022, member and operator business maintained robustness
The company actively pursues an integrated business strategy based on good quality content, through an innovative two-way platform, the Mango Play.
Members are selected, “m-club” (Mango Welfare Society) to operate in a way that enhances members' stickyness and retention rates, with an increase of 7.83 per cent over the previous three quarters of the year; through the optimisation of the payment model, users in the commercial provinces have achieved significant new results, and Mangoca, launched in cooperation with China's mobile partners, has been introduced throughout the country.
The Internet advertising industry has been hit considerably by the macroeconomic, neo-crowd pneumonia epidemic, among other things, and by a 26.33 per cent drop in advertising revenue in the previous three quarters.
The company continues to build up media values and content autonomy to create the core competitiveness of this mainstream media, with the introduction of a series of slogans, such as " Happiness Two " and " Junior Two " .
Interest rates are held back, but they are influenced by factors such as investment returns, and net interest rates are almost at the same level as last year.
Three and a half billion, up 7% from the same year, and five billion from the same year. Mango Supermix (300,413): 6% from mid-2022. Two billion from the four main video platforms, Mangotv from the same year, up from the same year.
The number of new events in the 2022q3 4 platforms is around 20 (without derivatives, evenings) and 16 in Mangotv, an increase of four.
The external environment is expected to improve on a quarterly basis. 2022q3 All-Web series has effectively aired a total of 75.2 billion dollars, a decline of 5 per cent and a rise of 4 per cent, with Mangotv playing 1.9 billion, a decline of 16 per cent and an increase of 42 per cent.
Mango SuperMechanism (300413), 2021  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Taking into account the impact of short-term macroeconomic and epidemiological factors, we will report on the first quarter of 2022: Epidemic
Major expectations for improvement and further consolidation of internal resources, we believe that the rate of subsequent performance growth is expected to repair and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board