Quarterly improvements in quality content provision in advertising operations — Mango supermedia (300413.sz) incident assessment report — Mango supermedia released three-quarters of 2022, the company's head office in the first three quarters of 2022.
zhuzhu@cfsc.com.cn One of the main revenues from a 7.8 per cent increase in advertising income in the first three quarters of 2022, with a decline in performance in the first quarter of 2022 largely due to the pace of content
Postponement of viewing, high base impact, 2022 solstice and return to the parent profit ring, respectively, increased as a result of the company's on-line "Singing the Wind" and "Screen the Wind" and "Scoffs" and "Scoffs" in the third quarter of the company's on-line.
2 and the play " Junior School 2 " , based on the continuous supply of the arts and the contents of the festival, the income of members increased by 7.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of 2022 (through the operation of members of the innovative two-way platform "Mango Plays", "m-club" (Mango Welfare Society), etc.)
(b) Main collection two, advertising end, advertising revenue of 2,163 million yuan in the first half of 2022 (a 31.15 per cent decline in the same year), a decline due mainly to the high base compounding of the epidemic in the advertising industry
1. Mango Supermoment (300413): 2022: The climate was down, 26.3 per cent in the first three quarters of 2022 compared to the previous quarter, and the earnings were reduced; Mangotv actively explored membership and movement with three major operators.
Qualitative content supply 2022-08-18 Integration of business interests and channels, the creation of an intelligent family audio-visual and entertainment venue 2 and the Mango report*
In the third quarter, Mangotv operators experienced a 16 per cent increase in business income over the same period.
Extension period* 220425* Juju 2022 - Policy end, 1450 cultural plans emphasize the building of content as a fundamental element, citing 3, Chinese Securities - Corporate Report - Corporate Dynamics
Innovative media practices, modes of communication Research report - Mango Super-Mechanism - 300413-2021 and business model, using institutional advantages and market roles to enhance mainstream media competition
More than 50 million effective members were re-emerged in 2022; at the enterprise level, active efforts were made to create a deep integration of mango ecology and to further consolidate quality content - Juju 20124 (2022 - 2022 - 2022 -
The ip resource team's advantage, the continuous consolidation of core competitiveness in the high-threshold long video field, the expansion of dual platform advantages and the expansion of dual platform values; the follow-up polymagnetic period of 2022, like " Wife's Romantic Travel 6 " .
The same pressure is relatively small, and it is expected that after a major epidemic, a new business will be restored and replaced.
The new business explores less than expected risks, the lack of censorship of film and video productions, the potential risks associated with the artist's own factors, the risk of the programme being offline, the talent stream.
The new consumer group in the media presented the following: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in business, November 2021, with the China Bond Securities Study.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.