Ecurities Media and the Internet
The members' business is robust, advertising is not about to change their long-term logic, members' and operators' business are resilient, and advertising is a drag on the overall growth rate. 1) Advertising: the previous three seasons were equal to 26.33 per cent, with a decline of 4.82 pct compared to the H1, indicating a decline of 4.82 pct in the q3 advertising industry.
(b) Members: income in the previous three quarters was + 7.83 per cent, compared to h1 per cent
Increase speed by 1.35 pct, mainly on-line of high-quality programmes such as Blade 2, and the Division ' s innovative two-platform members operate in a way that enhances members ' stickyness and renewal rates. 3) Operator: Previous three quarters: 2. Content Reserve Rich, Focusing on 2q22 Fines
On-line - Mango Super-Mechanical Performance Review, 2022.4.25 Income +16.39 per cent and a decline of 2.92 pct compared to H1 + 1 + 2, the overall growth is still more robust.
Cost rigidity has led to a decline in the Māori rate, with lower rates + higher returns on investment making net interest rates more robust. The company’s Quarterly Warm – Mango Super-Memorial Performance Review, 2022.3.1 monoq3 Māori rate of 36.59%, compared to 4.23pt, we believe is mainly due to the relative cost of doing business.
4. " q3: Revenue contractions resulting from the good performance of the polycrystry, its steady increase or deepening and its neutral nature. The single q3 net return interest rate is 13.83 per cent, corresponding to 0.16 pct, which is more gross. Short-term pressure does not change the logic of the long-term content, and the firm ' s strength remains strong.
The ability of companies to produce their own content is evidenced by the online content of such high-quality programmes as "Scoffs 2, Happy Back to Work," and attention is paid to the heat of the content and the new content for the future. We believe that advertising is a short-term drag on the company’s performance, but in the long run, the company produces its own quality content.
Ma Xiaoting Content regulatory risk; risk of recurring epidemics; risk exacerbated by market competition; risk of new business less than expected
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment