Building the international first-class coupon, looking forward to the upgrade of the central roe, the state of Taitong (601211.sh) 11/04/2025.
• The creation of an international first-class voucher firm, looking at a forward-looking central upgrade, the merger of the country's Thai bonds with the Seaton securities was the first since the launch of the new nine articles in 2024, the restructuring of the largest bilateral market in China's capital markets, the absorption of the mergers and the largest stock exchanges in the history of China's a+h.
Mergers will have a stronger and stronger customer base, a more professional and integrated service capacity, and more intensive and efficient management of operations. After we have removed the impact of the IMSS, the rest of the business will perform better than the securities dealers.
With a positive impact on the financial cost of this and interest-paying debt, it is expected that the company will be expected to outperform the excellence and soundness of the company after the merger, excluding the impact of its international operations, and that the seaborne securities will outperform the listed securities (1) by benefiting from a relatively high equity multiplier and a robust rate of return on its own investment, which is expected to be achieved by the company.
Most of the time in the last 11 years has been higher than the total number of listed securities and seaborne securities. Since 2020, companies have increased their asset efficiency and leverage, with a robust rate of return on their own investments, driving roe higher than the listed securities. (2) In the second half of 2021, the performance deficit in the international securities industry has held up seaborne securities, with the exception of international operations.
The rest of the industry is doing well. We cut off the impact of the ICS, the ICS (first off the ICS industry, deeper complementarity of business endowments, looking for synergies to drive the roe up by billions, capital strength to the top of the industry, and a full leap in customer base, service capacity and management of operations.
Retail customers total nearly 40 million households and app monthly jobs total 15.1 million households, all ranked first in the industry, and the total number of points in the priority regions such as the Long Triangle, Kyaw Jin-tae, and the Pearl Triangle jumped to the top in the industry.
Securities have a positive impact on leverage, operating overhead costs, and the cost of debt-servicing funds. In the 2023 market environment, we measure the impact of international operations and consider the synergies of the merger, with sea-to-air securities at 7-8%, with companies expected to move forward beyond their highest levels.
Attention needs to be paid to the risk profile and digestion process of the international portfolio investment operation at Seaton, the integration and operational synergies of the country’s Thai and maritime securities. (3) At the end of 2024q3, Taijunon acquired the identifiable net equity of seaborne securities valued at $159.05 billion, representing a difference of $10.4 billion from the net assets of the three-quarterly seaton securities report of $169.95 billion.
Reflecting the fact that the current absorption of the merger has further strained the quality of seaton securities assets, subsequent asset impairment pressures have declined.
In March 2025, the incorporation of the consolidated sea-to-air bonds was completed.
Innovative coupons; in 2010, the first pilot eligibility for a loan coupon was awarded to KACNA, which was listed on the Hong Kong Federation Board in the same year; in 2015, the company first publicly released 1,525 million shares of a stock, which was placed on the market, changing its registered capital to $7,625 million; and in April 2017, at the Hong Kong Trade Office,
Eight months have passed since the merger was completed. The name was changed to “Thai State”. On the evening of 5 September 2024, the communiqué on the bond was being prepared for the sale of the consolidated seaway securities to all of the shares of the shares of the shares and the shares of the shares of the shares of the shares of the country's shares in exchange for the shares of the shares in exchange for the shares in exchange for the shares of the shares.
On 14 April, the company completed its merger of the Seaton securitiesa, h shares and the associated fund-raising. On 4 April, the name was changed to National Thai Seastone Securities Co. Ltd., known as “National Thai Seaton”. This merger was the first case of head-biller consolidation since the publication of the nine articles of the new State. It was a strong union, with complementary advantages, with the aim of creating an international first-class investment bank.
The planning for the reorganization took about seven months to complete the consolidation of the stock exchange, and the process was efficient and facilitated follow-up operations at the operational level.
2024/9/5 Embedded shares through exchange of shares with all shares in the H-shares of the H-share. Merger of the H-shares and issuance of the a-shares to raise matching funds.
The CSRC has agreed to the incorporation of the consolidated seaton securities in the Thai stock exchange, and has approved the date of registration on 3 March 2025 for the exchange of shares issued by the Thai stock exchange and the exchange of shares in the seaton stock a will be converted to the state 2025/3/3 Thai stock. The stock in the seaton stock a will cease to be on the market on 4 March 2025.h The same shares will be added to the stock exchange.
On the same day, Hong Kong's joint stock was withdrawn from the market. Ana, H, etc., the integration of the consolidated sea-to-air securities and the collection of the matching funds programme were completed, and the consolidation of 2025/3/14 was formally completed, resulting in the transfer of all assets, liabilities, operations, persons to which the company inherited the sea-to-air securities.
The company has completed a change of name, a change of registered capital, a revision of the company’s constitution and a corresponding change in the register of the subject of the market: a new administration 1.2, a shareholder’s background is one and the same for integration, and the new organizational structure is integrated and efficient with management.
The two companies are the Shanghai International Group (SIG). The latter is the Shanghai International Group Ltd., which holds SIG.
The share ratio is 20.4 per cent. Outside the company, all other shareholders hold shares in the companya and the relevant holdings are after collection as at 12 March 2025. (2) International groups and their concerted actors include State capital companies, international groups, Shanghai Investment Asset Management Ltd., Shanghai State
The organizational structure optimizes the efficiency of the management of the core business block and the new management reflects the integration features.
The operational committee, the equity committee, the credit commission, and the financial science and technology committee have seven entity-made committees, reflecting a professional division of work and strategic focus, and the optimal organizational structure has helped to improve management effectiveness.
Table 3: The new management of the country reflects the integration features, 1.3, the performance of the country's Tycoon Anroe is robust and superior to that of the public stock exchanges and the sea-to-air securities.
After a relatively high equity multiplier and a robust rate of return on its own investment, it was higher in most times than the marketer’s overall bond and bond. In 2013-2014, the company’s equity multiplier was relatively high, with a similar rate of return on its own investment to the industry, and the company’s Roe
Since 2020, companies have increased the efficiency of the use of their assets and leveraged them with a robust rate of return on their own investments, driving them to outperform the total stock of listed securities.
(2) Oceanic securities data for 2024 are based on the report on the preparation of consolidated financial statements, in contrast to the data from the 2024 report from Taijunan.
Figure 4: The share of low-capital operations in Thailand is lower than the ratio of listed securities in most years = (losses and losses on investment return + fair value + net interest income) / after adjustment; gains and losses on changes in promised values; returns on self-employment = returns on self-employment / (initial self-investment)
Adjusted revenue = operating income - other operating costs Size of assets + size of self-invested assets at end of period*, size of self-invested assets = transactional financial assets + investments in other equity instruments + holdings + due
Investment + derivative financial assets, with a corresponding increase in return for investment, and a decrease in the share of brokering operations. The share of net revenue from corporate brokerage and interest, influenced by the market environment, regulatory policies, industry competition, and the transformation of self-employment, has been declining since 2013.
The share of proceeds has increased, the principals of the fund have increased as a result of the upgrading of the HACSF, and the share of investors has fluctuated slightly from the first-level market impact. The coverage of the 2024 quarterly report shows that the entire business structure of the company is similar to that of the listed dealers. 1.4, the subsidiary structure is comprehensive.
The company’s subsidiaries are fully deployed, and their integration is expected to further enhance their capacity for integrated services. The company’s subsidiaries include the Thai financial holdings (Hong Kong), the Shanghai assets management (Hong Kong), the Shanghai assets management (Hong Kong), the Thai futures (Hong Kong), the Thai innovation investment (Hong An), the Shanghai securities (Shanghai), the national Thai investment (Thai) and the management of the Huaan fund.
A complete business system of securities brokerage, investment, futures, asset management, etc., has been built. A more comprehensive subsidiary layout of the two companies will provide resources to support the subsequent integration, promote further synergies, and promote greater efficiency.
The Division ' s overall service capacity and professionalism are expected to be further enhanced.2 Merger and acquisition restructuring: policies encourage head bonder M & A restructuring, and international competitiveness of firms is at the top of the global ladder after consolidation
In October 2023, the China-China Financial Work Conference explicitly proposed “to foster first-class investment banks and investment institutions” “to support the best practices of large State-owned financial institutions”: in March 2024, the CVM issued a policy document containing a clear statement on “Build by 2035”.
In the month, the State Department issued a new "Nine Articles of the Nation" to “support top-level institutions in upgrading core competitiveness through M & As restructuring and organizational innovation.” The merger is expected to bring international competitiveness and market-leading advantages to the company as a leading investment bank matching the status of the international financial centre in Shanghai.
In terms of resource endowments and capabilities, there is a potential for a significant increase in the capacity of integrated corporate services after consolidation. The two companies combine to take over the top of the industry in the areas of wealth management, investment, credit operations, corporate operations, etc. In terms of wealth management operations, the merged company will simultaneously hold a fund, evaluate a license plate, and develop the capacity of integrated services.
A step-by-step up; the Bank’s operations are expected to achieve complementarities in the areas of fragmentation, such as the creation board, bond underwriting, etc. The management of operations will achieve coverage of qualifications such as the management of investments in basic pension insurance and the management of investments in the Social Security Fund. The depth of resource endowments and capacities will significantly enhance the integrated services capacity of the merged companies to achieve better cross-marketing and depth of operations.
In terms of capital use, corporate assets are more numerous, debt tables are more balanced, risk-resistant, and the use of funds is more efficient.
It is hoped that the highest credit ratings will be maintained and that the asset allocation will be more proactive and more effective. In the area of business management, the country, with its prudent compliance philosophy, is expected to provide a full range of sea ventilator management; when integrated, the company will align its back-office resources, such as IT, operations, etc., to achieve more efficient risk management and cost control.
Drawing on overseas experience, international investment banks tend to expand their client base through extended M&As, replenish short lines of business and upgrade business capabilities to diversify their operations. Goldman Sachs expands its diversified operations through M&As, becoming the world’s leading investor.
Large-scale transactions have created a platform for leading global capital intermediation; companies acquired as marketers in 2000 with net earnings from stock exchanges of the same year +78 per cent; and corporate acquisitions of equity companies in 2022, with assets management in the European region of the same size as in the same year +55 per cent.
(2) The market value is the annual average as at 17 March 2025 for Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, Fabba, Swedes, Deutsche Bank, Chartered, Consolidated Year (FY 31 December); the total assets of McGill, Nomura and net assets as at 31 March 2024; the annual average of operating income and net profit for the fiscal year 2021-2023 (FY 31 March); and the annual average of SWF 2023
Profit data include the one-time negative goodwill impact of the consolidation of Swift, which amounts to approximately $27.7 billion. Business endowments are highly complementary, looking at synergies as drivers of Roe upgrade 3.1, balance sheets are more balanced and business volume and capacity are generally enhanced.
By the end of 2024, the consolidated balance sheet would have been larger, more balanced and more risk-resistant. The consolidated total assets of the company would have been better modeled, more balanced, more risk-resistant, more efficient use of funds, and a full leap in client base, service capacity, and management of operations would have been expected.
Making room for further improvements in table efficiency, reducing the cost of combined interest-bearing debt and optimizing redundant operating management costs. Bonds were not disclosed in the 2024 report, and data were available for information purposes only using the preparation of consolidated financial statements against the Thai Gyeong-Ann newspaper.
The two companies’ licence plates complement each other’s depth. The merger will result in coverage of multi-dimensional operations such as evaluation of funds, social security funds, management of basic pension insurance investments, and a more comprehensive capacity for integrated services.
3.2. Light capital operations: strong alliances, complementary strengths, and promising improvements in operational effectiveness Brokerage: Mergers are first in the industry after merger, client base is raised, client base is expanded, retail service capacity is enhanced. 2024h1 country, Thai Junon and Hytoon Securities Agency stock exchange stock holdings are higher.
With 2024 data, the company placed retail customers in the top of the industry at close to 40 million and monthly jobs at 15.1 million. As of 2025.2.27, the size of the An and Hyeton Portfolio Group reached 5750.
As of the end of the first half of 2024, there were 344,307 offices, each of which will be combined to 651.
Complementarity is achieved and the country ' s client coverage is enhanced; more than 30 per cent of these businesses are located in economically developed areas, and the total number of points in priority areas such as the Long Triangle, Kyoto and Pearl Triangle leaps to the top of the industry, thereby enabling companies to focus on high net customers and improve market competitiveness.
Figure 9: Complementarity at the national level and greater concentration of economically developed regions
Investments: The advantages of the two companies in the ipo segmentation are expected to expand further, and the competitive advantage of the merger is expected to expand further. From the ipo industry, the distribution of the country’s ipo industry is fairly balanced, seaborne securities have some advantages in semiconductors, biopharmaceuticals, etc.
As of 27 February 2025, there were 365/455 representatives of the National Thai King's/Seaton Securities Guarantee Agency, which, when merged, will reach 820 in the first place. The company's ability to tap into its business will be improved, and it is expected that the client groups will be further ploughed.
Distinguishing potential business opportunities. Taijun Anipo is evenly distributed, and Hytoon securities have a more competitive edge in science creation and start-up boards (single) figure 12: ipo single-digit distribution, where the two companies are strongly united and some industries can complement each other (single)
Bonds: Upgraded aum after merger and improved product lines. Both KACN and HOTC securities operate through their subsidiaries, which are subject to new regulations, and whose subsidiaries, aum, are down from 2017, are in line with industry trends, and KASTAC was awarded a public registration license in April 2021 and has been assembled since 2022.
Some growth. As a result of the decline in aum, the income and net profits of the GFM have been declining since 2021, the product lines have continued to improve, and the GFCM has been actively marketing high net-value customers for fof products, with a focus on promoting the allocation of maritime external debt vouchers and the successful distribution of the company’s first-ever collection of qdii products to contribute to the development of the Shanghai International Financial Centre.
Public funds: The HWF complements the HWF’s product structure. The GTTC Holdings the HWF (51% shareholding) and the HGFC (51% shareholding) both participate in the HWF (27.775% shareholding) and complement each other in the PGF structure and license plates.
The profits-based funds have performed well in the medium and long term, with excellent profitability and roe at more than 15%. (2) Sea-based wealth funds have a full license plate and are more competitive in the bond-type fund area.
Qualifying as an investment manager for an annuity fund, which can be complemented by a licence plate with the Huaan fund. At the end of 2024h1, the sea-rich treasury bond, worth more than $40 billion, is the largest number of bonds in the domestic market, the best class of goods, the largest size of management, and the most experienced funder in investment operations. (3) At the end of 2024, the wealthier fund asset managers managed their assets.
The combined licence plates are subject to one-to-one restrictions and face consolidation or sale. In 2022, the Oversight and Management of the Public Fund for Portfolio Funds, which requires a “one-to-one” scheme, came to the ground, and the merged equity fund, which is owned by the company.
HBF, HWFF, HWFF, will face problems with the consolidation or transfer of license plates. Figure 18: HaFOTF over 10%. Figure 20: HBFC bond group funds are relatively high (billions of dollars)
3.3. Capital-intensive operations: better servicing of customer demand, and increased efficiency of corporate capital after consolidation are expected to increase self-investment: (1) The rate of return on the investments of Taijunn has remained stable, and the seaton securities have been burdened by the international investment operations of Haitong since 2022.
With regard to business licences, Taijun is an off-the-shelf level dealer, and Seaton securities are second-tier traders, and consolidation helps to expand off-the-shelf operations.
In both companies, the self-investment structure is dominated by bonds, at around 60 per cent.
In late 2024, the company joined forces to maintain countercyclical regulation mechanisms, continuously optimize wind control systems and business management models, and strengthen integrated services to corporate clients and high-net clients to meet client needs.
The consolidated regional coverage of international operations will be expanded further. (i) The country has developed an international operational platform around the country's financial holdings, which includes brokering, enterprise finance, asset management, loans and finance and financial products, and the conduct of market and investment operations in the United States, Europe and the United States of America.
In 2022, under the influence of the low stock of the port, the net profits of the nation's Tygun Anjin fell to the bottom, and through the acquisition of the Seaton International and the Chase Bank, the establishment of the Shanghai Self-Trade Distinction Company, and the establishment of a cross-border integrated financial services platform. The Seaton International Securities were privatized in January 2024, and the Seaton International has been built.
At its core, the Newport of New York provides diversified banking through a global network of financial services for major capital markets in Asia and the Pacific, such as Tokyo, Sydney, and Mumbai. The Chase Bank has more than 30 years of experience in the EU and South American markets, has a full bank license, and is deep in the three key areas of business: enterprise banking, investment banking, and asset management.
On the basis of local farming operations, efforts have been made to open up cross-border operational cooperation between China and Europe, China, and Latin America. With regard to cross-border operations in the TPZs, the MTZs were the first securities agencies to join the Ftu (Self-Trade Division Accounting Module) system in Shanghai.
Figure 27: Seaton International global business layouts are extensive, client resources are abundant, 3.5, enabling seaborne instruments are leveraged and the combined costs are expected to decrease
It was officially launched, and introduced on 1 January 2025, with the release of some of the official text indicators to facilitate the improvement of the ceiling for high-quality headbills, with a clear regulatory attitude toward poor-favoured and prudent derivatives operations. This includes, inter alia, the reduction of three consecutive years of preferential coverage to aa-class coupons: loose liquidity coverage and net stable funding.
In recent years, the IGC has been subject to regulatory sanctions, and its classification rating or pressure (not disclosed publicly since 2023) has affected the standards of wind control and innovation industry.
As a result of the merger, the two companies have strengthened their capital intermediation operations, become more robust and complyable, and the bond leverage is expected to increase.
The merger is expected to result in lower operating costs and lower debt-servicing costs. The merger will result in a full integration of the country’s trade and management fees, office space, R & D inputs, and information technology systems, which will yield hundreds of millions of dollars, or +5% to 5%. In terms of the cost of debt-servicing funds, the country maintains a better rating and lower debt-servicing costs.
Figure 29: In 2023, Taijun-Ann invested $2.16 billion in IT, Seaton securities were affected by a decline in performance, and the level of management costs decreased relatively significantly.
Interest rate payable on bonds = interest payable on bonds/quarterly average debt payable on bonds 3.6. Seaton bonds after the removal of international business effects are preferred to the total number of listed securities, looking at the positive impact of the synergies on merged companies roe
In the second half of 2021, the deficit in the performance of seaborne international securities dragged on to seaborne securities, and the remainder of the business, except for international operations, performed normally, slightly higher than the total number of listed securities in 2023. Seaton securities rose from 2021 to less than the number of listed securities, and the main cause of the seaton securities roll-out industry was the drag on the international portfolio investment business.
In the second half of 2021, China’s net profits on international securities continued to lose, and investment operations were mainly for losses of HK$4.3 billion from operating in 2022, or were significantly reduced by the exposure of China-owned real estate dollar debt (as reported in the Securities Times) to promote brokers, investors, institutions, and financial management operations that were affected by the low stock levels of the port.
5.7 per cent/5.3 per cent of the total number of businesses, indicating that, in addition to international operations, the remaining business and assets of the ICS perform better than the industry. Corporations, the ICS is a controlling shareholder of IMSS; 20241 ICS (excluded from ICS) is lower than those of the ICV.
The main factor is the higher share of investments in the industry and the higher impact of the ipo downturn. Figure 33: The net return on investment on the IMSs has declined significantly since 2021 (the synergizing effect of the merger alone will effectively boost the IMSS.
With the merger, companies are expected to have a positive impact in terms of leverage, operating overhead costs, and interest-bearing debt financing. We measure the 2023 market environment, cutting off the impact of international operations and considering the synergies of the merger.
The international business, taken together, is the main reason why we're dragging the ocean’s bonds, and then we're cutting off the ocean’s impact, and we're close to the market, the country’s neighbors, and we're looking at the two companies, considering that the synergies are even higher than the previous ones.
The future of a merger of international first-class bond dealers is expected to be higher than their own. Follow-up attention needs to be paid to the risk profile and digestion process of the international portfolio investment operation at Seaton, progress in the integration of the country’s Tygun An and Seaton securities, profit projections, valuations and investment proposals
(1) The country’s Anroe is better than its listed dealers and has a strong performance, and Roe is expected to grow steadily, with a profit forecast as above. (2) Seaton securities have been under-exercised since the second half of 2021 by international operations, which continue to be below-listed, and have performed relatively well after the international operations were eliminated. According to the company’s announcement, at the end of 2024q3, the country’s Taejun Angnun has performed relatively well.
The fair value of the net assets available is recognized at $159.06 billion, and the difference between the net assets of $16.95 billion reported in the three-quarters of the IMSS report is $10.4 billion, reflecting the fact that the current integration has further solidified the quality of the IMSS assets, followed by a corresponding net profit. (3) The company ' s contribution of $10 billion has increased capital strength and resulted in a net increase in profits.
(4) The acquisition generates a non-recurring gain or loss from a negative goodwill. By its very nature, the buyer acquires high-quality assets at a “low” price, resulting in an accounting gain, and the full amount of the consolidation period is recognized as off-the-shelf.
The difference in share is $8,784 million, forming a negative goodwill. Note that, as the fair value of shares issued on the actual purchase date and the fair value of identifiable net assets on seaton securities may differ from the assumptions used in preparing the consolidated financial statements, there may be some differences between the measured and actual values.
In 2024, China’s Milky Way, as a comparable company, saw a rapid increase in net profits on average, taking into account the risks of subsequent international operations and the reflection of synergies. Investment proposal: to create a first-class international voucher firm, looking forward to a long-term roll-out.
Mergers are the first cases since the issuance of the new nine articles in 2024, the consolidation of headbills, and the largest a+h bilateral market in China’s capital market history, which absorbs mergers and the largest consolidation of listed bonds. The merger will result in a stronger and stronger customer base, a more professional and integrated service capacity, and a more intensive and efficient management of operations.
After we have eliminated the impact of the IMSS, the remaining business of roe is performing better than the listed bonds, and the merger will have a positive impact on the leverage, operating overhead costs, and interest-paying debt financing costs of the SEAS. It is expected that the company’s forward roe will outperform the two companies’ highest levels.
Stock market volatility risk: company operations have a certain relevance to the stock market, and stock market volatility will lead to fluctuations in the company’s performance.
Progress and synergies in business integration have fallen short of expectations: the integration of the two heads of securities dealers involved a wide range of personnel, operations, clients, systems, etc., and there is a potential for integration progress and synergies to fall short of expectations.