q1 performance supermarkets are expected to hit Davis double in 21 and Jubabe on 07/04/2021.
▪ Large supermarket performance for the first quarter is expected to be sufficient to guarantee high short-term performance growth of billions of yuan in hand orders, at +46-81 per cent per year, mainly in the active expansion of downstream silicon mills, and the firm ' s three-fold growth in order volume, size of collection and profit scale as a pole of crystallized equipment.
In March 2021, the company announced that it would sign a 2.08 billion list of optical-voltage equipment, including the sale of 1.618 billion yuan (billion yuan by 31 May 2021) of the full-volatile crystal growth furnace to the Central Environmental Consultative Organization, with a total contract value of 2,079 million yuan (value added tax included in the above-mentioned contract).
"Line-cutting device (slice machine)" is the initial bulk order from Jing Seong, reflecting the technological extension of crystal-spill power in the field of light voltage.At the end of 2020q3, the company had not completed a total contract of $5.9 billion (including taxes), of which it had not completed semiconductors.
With the new order of $2,079 million, the company's total value of the order, we'll be able to determine that in 2021, the performance of the crystals will increase at a very high rate.
In 2019, the photovoltaic companies of Lungi, Central Ring, Crystal, Crystal Australia, Onboard Number Control, Kyoto Express, etc., together with industry consensus on large silicon tablets, there are more than 10,000 single crystals in the stock market over the next 3-5 years, the crystal furnaces need to be phased out, and the average annual inventory of the country has been updated to produce more than 50 gw of silicon, corresponding to 2020-2022.
The need for stock equipment exceeds 10 billion yuan ($200 million/gw). The advantage of strategizing the convective equipment firm is that crystals power will fully benefit from the large silicon silicon expansion wave, and the future of the photovoltaic industry will be as important as the size and skill level of the equipment provider.
Depreciation of equipment is no longer the first, and silicon manufacturers value the ability of the equipment vendor to match 1, Crystal Power (300316): with medium efficiency, including: 1) delivery capacity, based on our calculations, neutral assumptions, crystallization day
Twenty-one shipments per week, six days per week, four weeks per month, and about 500 per month per month. Crystal is now the only equipment company in the country that can deliver more than 500 long-crystal furnaces in a single month.
(c) Future R & D potential, with sustained R & D capacity, capacity to continuously improve equipment production and reduce energy consumption.
"Technology congregater, 21st Davids double-click" 2021-01-21 3, "Crystal Power" (300316): Photovoltaic
Equipment profitability is bright, and next year's scale will be effective. Events: Transistor Power announces a performance forecast of 2021q1, which is expected to yield a net return of $240-280 million to the mother, compared with +80-110 per cent, with non-recurring gains and losses estimated at $45-50 million.
1. Quarterly performance supermarkets are expected to provide sufficient security for high short-term performance growth in hand orders, mainly due to the active expansion of downstream silicon mills and the company ' s ability to deliver orders as the backbone of long-crystal equipment, the size of the collection, the size of the profits.
1.618 million yuan (delivery by 31 May 2021) for the sale of fully automated crystal growth furnaces, 194 million yuan (delivery by 30 June 2021) for single crystal silicon rods and 267 million yuan (delivery by 30 September 2021) for the sale of wire cutter equipment to the Central Circulation Photovoltaics), with a total contract value of 2,079 million yuan (the above contract amounts included).
The value-added tax (VAT) is a matter of concern. Line cut equipment (slice) involves precision processing, with a very high difficulty factor, with 210 dimensions of "line cut equipment (slice machine)" being the initial bulk order for Crystal. According to our grass root research, the production capacity of the 2021 high line cut equipment has been covered by the center ring. The value of the wire cut equipment is 1:7, and the market space is not as good as the market.
Single-crystal furnaces, but the core equipment next to the value of single-crystal furnaces, the purchase of which represents 2.6 times the amount of crystal-spill electricity collected in photovoltaic years, with a projected $7.5 billion in hand-voltage orders and $410 million in semiconductor orders. Since the ratio of the highest photovoltaic order production cycle was three months, the receipt and inspection cycle after delivery was three to five months, as currently ordered.
Given the pace of progress, we judge that the performance of crystals will increase at a very high rate in 2021. (Note: From early 2017 to the present date, new large orders of crystals power bulletins have totalled $11,699 million, of which the middle ring 2. Photovoltaic silicon links are on the rise, with 210 silicon silicon stretches leading to a contemplation of equipment.)
On the 1st of December, the central ring added 50gw large silicon tablets. We expect to add more silicon to the country every year by 2020-2022. The industry has agreed on large silicons, with more than 10,000 single crystals in the stock market in the next three to five years to be eliminated.
The average annual inventory update of silicon silicon production capacity is over 50gw, which corresponds to the demand for stock equipment in 2020-2022 in excess of 10 billion yuan (US$ 210 million) or 18 x large silicon silicon technology routes that will continue to stretch the silicon expansionary climate cycle. The large silicon reduction efficiency effect is clear, representing the future direction of development, and the large silicon production capacity is still scarce, so we believe that silicon is advanced and productive.
Without overhang, this high-profile and large-scale expansion of the central ring is another proof of accelerated silicon penetration. And the complete elimination of inter-generational differences in equipment, with a trend of 18x/210 silicon silicon, will significantly boost the investment needs of new silicone plants.
In the future of the photovoltaic industry, the size of the equipment provider will be as important as the level of technology. Of the large silicon cost, the depreciation of the equipment is no longer the first, and the silicon manufacturer values the equipment vendor's ability to match efficiency, including: 1) delivery capacity, which, according to our calculations, is 21 items per day for six days per week, based on neutral assumptions.
In the fourth week of the month, there are about 500 single-month shipments. There are currently only 500 single-month equipment companies in the country that can be delivered on long-crystal furnaces, and there is still room for improvement in delivery capacity; 2) service capacity, input after the arrival of crystal-spill equipment, short operating time and production uphills, and able to maintain production stability; 3) future research and development potential, with capacity to hold.
With a strong product power, crystal-spill power has accumulated better customer resources, and long-term and deep partnerships have been established with a number of industry leaders. The main suppliers of single-crystal stoves in the country now include crystal-singer power, Sky Dragon light power, and sperm.
With the exception of Lungi’s single-crystal business, the sale of crystallizer power accounts for 90% of the market demand, with the overall market accounting for about 70-80%, and is the main supplier in the industry, which will benefit fully from the surge in silicone.
4. The semiconductor large silicon silicon is in urgent need of national production, the tap plant is expected to benefit from an outbreak of downstream demand, national production replacement is urgent, and indigenous silicon enterprises still have opportunities to develop in the context of a high concentration of industry. 90 nm and the next production process are mainly 12 inches of silicon, and cost factors drive silicon silicon towards a large size.
In the next few years, 12 inches will remain the dominant species of semiconductor silicon. At present, the 12 inch of silicon in the country is only under the flag of the silicon industry, with a small supply capacity for the new and central ring shares in Shanghai (150,000 units per month of new capacity and 20,000 units per month of medium circulation capacity) and is still in the client certification phase, with only low-grade test pieces/blocks, etc., and national production is not delayed.
The view was expressed that, in the context of head concentration, in order to mitigate the risks of supply of silicon tablets and the increased costs of supply and demand of silicon tablets when they are tight, the TCD plant would be more motivated to opt for a combination of a variety of suppliers, so that domestic silicon suppliers would still have better opportunities for development in the context of the larger import substitution trend.
Japan’s semiconductor association has a clear restriction on the export of Japanese high-equipment equipment to China, and semiconductor large silicon equipment is in dire need of national production. The transistor power has grown into a world-class supplier of equipment in the semiconductor monocrystal field, with a full 8-inch line of 80%.
And more than 50% of the equipment supply capacity of 12 inches of single-crystal furnaces, polishers, etc., and close cooperation with the major silicon mills in the country, such as the Central Ring, Research, Jin Ruy-chung, and Jung-chung-chung, which benefit most from the wave of national production. 2) Single-crystal furnaces are technologically superior. The core difficulty of single-crystal furnaces is the superconductor magnetic field, which is now fully controlled by Japanese firms, while the crystals are powered by the crystals.
Cooperation with the Japanese suppliers is good. The 8-inch silicon tablets produced with company equipment are now close to positive, and crystals and power are in a state of clairvoyant leadership within the industry. 3) The orders are good. The company is bound to the center of the silicon.
5. From equipment to materials, the sapphire business is expected to build a new crystallization, hold hands on the blues and speed up the sapphire, and move into consumer electronics to secure profit contributions. On September 29, 2020, the crystals engine was proposed to contribute 255 million yuan (500 million yuan in total registered capital and 51 per cent of the crystals engine ' s power holdings) and to work with Lancet technology.
A joint venture (49% share) has been set up to run a sapphire manufacturing and processing operation. Equipment is expected to enter the plant in May 2021.
With the company’s continued investment in the sapphire project, capacity will grow further, the future share of sapphire operations in revenue is expected to grow significantly, crystal growth technology will break out and cost advantages will be significant.
The price of the sapphire is expected to continue to decrease. The prevailing view in the market is that the sapphire is too expensive to use to reach the cellular caps. But the pattern of industrial development is that the bulk of its size will only be applied when costs and prices fall to some critical point. We judge that, as prices continue to fall + the process continues to rise, the hand will continue to rise.
Application scenarios such as the hoods are expected to be available in three years, and market space is expected to create a new crystal. 6.Sic has great potential for growth, and we judge that the future of the crystals is expected to extend to the end of the material.
The inch carbonated silicone extenuator (4-inch process) is accepted by the client. The third generation of semiconductor technology in our country is just beginning, the sic material is in the certification stage for downstream customers, and the market space is open, but there is a greater potential for future growth.
The test end (equipment is not difficult, but the process is very difficult) and the 6 inch is not yet mature in the country. So, in the short term, the profit model for crystalsec business is not yet determined, and we think it is possible to look at the sapphire business development model (sapphire stove space is small; but the market space for sapphire crystals is large) and the profit model for crystals in sic business.
It is likely that the future will extend to the end of the material.
The sub-optimal expansion was less advanced than expected, and semiconductor operations were less advanced than expected.