Downstream extension is highly certain, semiconductor equipment operations are on the rise.
The company has already started phase two of the project on integrated circuits with large diameter silicon.
The first phase of the project, with an investment of $1.5 billion, began construction at the end of 2017, was completed in September 2019 and currently has a monthly capacity of 250,000 8 inches (33 per cent of the capacity of the design) and 70,000 in 12 inches (47 per cent of the capacity of the design). The second phase of the project was launched in January 2021.
Construction began, with $1.5 billion invested in the project, with a monthly production capacity of 220,000 units, 8 inches of product, 200,000 pieces of polishing and 150,000 pieces of extrapolation. The production line of Project II was set up with a total of 102 units (sets), of which 52 were imported, 50 units of national equipment, and 50 units of national production.
At the same time, the company intends to launch the Tianjin plant extension and new construction projects, as well as to increase the capacity of the Inner Mongolia plant extension package, which is expected to be in late 2023. According to our calculations, the Chinese ring now needs 12.6 billion yuan in new equipment by 2023.
Of this total, $7.1 billion is required for national production equipment. A supplier of central ring core equipment in the crystals engine power system, with a 10% lead share in the central ring, is expected to give preference to crystallized equipment in the expansion, and there is a high degree of certainty in orders for semiconductor equipment, which are expected to be landed at a significantly higher rate than expected in the market.
The central ring semiconductor's large silicon client verification process is progressing well, with 2021 fast but low yield, the central ring's semiconductor silicon is developing new products, the client certification speed is significantly higher, 2021q1 medium-conductor silicon business is growing by about 80 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the central ring is expected to continue to grow rapidly throughout the year 2021.
Long-term trends. As the 8-12 inch large silicon project was able to climb well, the scale of the company's semiconductor silicon continued to rise, but the overall supply and demand were still high, the demand for expansion was strong, and the core equipment was good for crystallizer power.
The crystal-spire technology has been successfully validated and fully benefited from the high downstream demand for silicon silicon, which has been increasing research and development investment in semiconductor material equipment, resulting in a product system that covers semiconductor single crystals, growth, slices, polishing, and extension of four core equipments, with companies in semiconductor singles.
The field has grown into a world-class supplier of equipment, with a full 8 inch line of 80% and a 1-year review: 10 billion in excess of hand expectations, more than 50% of the equipment supply capacity of single-crystals, polishers, etc.
Twenty-one years of profit break-out in Davis, industrial application sales through technical certification; 8, 12 inches of semiconductor edge polishing 2021-04-29.
The technical content of the machine has reached the level of imported equipment and has been certified by the client technology; 12 inches of silicon 2, Crystals Power (300316): long crystals, double-face polisher, has been verified on the client.
We've got a lot of flowers in the business, a lot of fine manufacturing to manage, and we've got a paradox, and we've got a lot of energy pressure going on to the end of the device, and we've got 2021-04-26 on the semiconductor set of crystals in 2021.
3 “Crystal Power” (300316): q1  Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: Crystal Power, as the backbone of large silicon equipment in the country, already has a full-line capability of 80% of the 8 inch line, and more than 50% of the equipment supply capacity of 12 inches of single-crystals, polishers, etc.
Supermarkets are expected to benefit most from the wave of national production of large silicons in 21 years; the surge in performance will be supported by the abundance of handheld equipment orders.
1. Mid-ring semiconductor silicon silicon silicon accelerated production, crystal-spiriting equipment orders increased certainty. On May 8, 2021, the company continued to accelerate the boom.
On May 8th, the launch of phase 2 of the project began. The project is planned to invest $3 billion (approximately RMB 19 billion) in the ISP project, with $1.5 billion in the first phase of the project, which began construction at the end of 2017, and was completed in September 2019, with a capacity of 250,000 pieces of 8 inches per month.
The silica silicon project started in January 2021, construction started in May, with $1.5 billion in investment, with a monthly production capacity of 220,000 8 inches, 200,000 12 inches, 150,000 in 12 inches.
The Central Ring integrated circuits project is led by the Central Ring Holding Company, which has semiconductor material industries in Inner Mongolia, Tianjin, and Jiangsu Yihing. According to the Central Ring announcement of 28 April 2021, semiconductors are used as semiconductors.
The size of the silicon product, with 500,000 units per month for 6 inches and below, 600,000 units per month for 8 inches and 70,000 units per month for 12 inches; by the end of 2021, the company plans to increase its capacity to 750,000 units per month for 8 inches and 170,000 units per month for 12 inches.
We assume that: (1) the amount of the equipment invested: based on a summary of the various projects in the silicon and the central ring, we have determined that the 8 inch and 12 inch of the silicon are invested in the equipment at a rate of $500 billion and $2 billion per 100,000 per month, respectively. (2) the rate of domestication of the equipment: we believe that the silicon equipment currently 6 inches and below is fully nationalized, and that the 8 inch of the silicon equipment is essentially nationalized.
The rate of domestic production of 12 inches of silicon equipment is relatively low, and we assume that in the subsequent increase in production of 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon equipment, the rate of national production is 90% and 50%, respectively. According to our calculations, the total demand for new equipment in the central ring between now and 2023 is 12.6 billion yuan, and the total demand for Chinese equipment is 7.1 billion yuan.
The central ring leads 10% of the shares, and the central ring is expected to give priority to crystallized equipment in the expansion. We believe that, as the central ring semiconductor silicon project accelerates, crystalsoil equipment orders have a high degree of certainty, and orders are expected to be landed at a significant rate, 2. The central ring semiconductor large silicon customer certification process is progressing well, with 2021 fast but yielding capacity.
The central ring shares semiconductor silicon are growing by about 80% over the same year, and the central ring is expected to maintain a rapid growth trend throughout 2021. As the central ring is booming, with the large silicon 8-12 inch project going up the slope, the company's semiconductor silicon product sales are increasing steadily, but still overall.
A state of severe supply and oversupply, strong demand for expansion, and good conglomerates of core equipment crystals. (1) In the area of traditional advantages of o-s-d, Central Ring has captured the power from 8 inches to 12 inches since 2020, and has made a breakthrough in priority projects and produced in quantities, and has become a national leader in this area.
Internationally advanced suppliers have gradually narrowed the gap between the top five silicon manufacturing firms. (2) In the field of logic, several products in the middle ring have been upgraded from 8 inches to 12 inches in the industrial chain, received lighthouse client approval and entered the fast-growing period. (3) In the field of analog, products like the middle ring cis have successfully captured the rise in semiconductor imaging technology.
Quite an opportunity, now 12 inches in line with the client's completion of product development and the import phase of production. (4) The crystals have been successfully validated at the memory, where they have benefited fully from downstream demand for large silicon-based national production, and the crystals have been increasing their research and development investment in semiconductor material equipment, resulting in monocrystal growth and cutting of semiconductors.
The company has grown into a world-class supplier of equipment in the semiconductor monocrystal area, with more than 80% of the 8-inch line and more than 50% of the equipment, such as 12-inch single-crystals, polishers, etc.
The technical content of the semiconductor semiconductor edge polisher has reached the level of the imported equipment and has been certified by the client; 12 inches of silicon double-face polisher, which has been validated on the client side. With the global semiconductor silicon industry ' s supply and demand shield in 2021, with capacity stress extending to the end of the device, we judge that the semiconductor operation of the 2021 crystallizer power is more than expected.
Substitution of national production is urgent, and indigenous silicon companies still have opportunities to develop in the context of high concentration of industry. 90 nm and the process under way mainly uses 12 inches of silicon, and cost factors drive silicon silicon towards a large size. It is expected that in the coming years, 12 inches will remain the dominant species of semiconductor silicon.
Shanghai's new and Chinese shares have a small supply capacity (150,000 units per month of new capacity and 70,000 units per month of medium capacity) and are still in the client certification phase, and national production cannot be delayed. We believe that, in the context of head concentration, in order to reduce the risk of rising costs when risks and supply and demand of silicon are tight, indigenous crystal mills will be more motivated to opt for a combination of multiple sources of supply.
Trader, so domestic silicon suppliers still have a better chance of developing in the face of the larger import-substitution trend. Krysin and the major silicon mills in the country, such as the Central Ring, the Research Institute, the King's River, and the Chengzhou Crystal, are working closely together.
The long-crystal furnace (the bottom-line furnace) is the key to the bottom-line growth quality control, and knowhow is more mastered at the end-of-equipment plus the inch carbonated silicon extenuator (the 4-inch process) through customer acceptance. The third generation of semiconductor technology in our country is just beginning, the sic material is in the certification stage for downstream customers, and the market space is still open, but it has greater potential for growth in the future.
So, in the short term, the profit model of the Crystal Sec operation has not yet been determined, and we think it is possible to refer to the development of the sapphire business.
Models (sapphire furnace space is small; but the market space for sapphire crystals is large), the profit model of crystals in sic business is likely to extend to material ends in the future. The crystals engine, as the backbone of a large domestic silicon device, has a full-line capability of 80% of the 8 inch line and 12 inches of crystal.
More than 50 per cent of the equipment supply capacity, such as furnaces, polishers, is most beneficial in the wave of national production of large silicons; performance growth will be supported by saturation of hand-held devices, gradual delivery of semiconductor equipment orders and the release of sapphires will generate profitability and valuation; semiconductor operations are not as advanced as expected; and large silicons are not as productive as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board