Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
q4 Performance Increases, Sic, Sapphire Expectations Quarterly Report 2021 issued on 28 April, which achieved operating income of 910 million yuan in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 27.4 per cent from the same year and a net profit of 280 million yuan from the mother, an increase of 109.7 per cent from the same year.
2. The profit margin level has recovered considerably, with the ceiling on hand orders being raised. The net profit on non-return is 240 million, an increase of 85 per cent over the same period.The need for light silicon end equipment is high, with a new order of over $5 billion a quarter and a hand order of $10.5 billion.
The company signed an order with China Ring on March 12 for the sale of 2.1 billion light-voltage equipment.
5. 1.2 billion light-voltage contracts, expected semiconductor orders, $1.62 billion for crystal growth equipment, $190 million for single-crystal silicon-processing equipment, and China Reserve-Crystal Power Exchange Review, 2020.6.30.
The China Association of Photovoltaic Industries expects 70-90gw on average and 210-260gw on average every year during the “14th Five-Year” period. The continued growth in the volume of photovoltaics has led to the continued expansion of silicon-line manufacturers.
Silicon is fast gaining market popularity, and silicon expansion needs will continue to be stimulated by large-scale competition. Corporate owners want their customers to grow steadily in the areas of middle circles, high view, Tung Wai, Jing Oo, Artes, crystals, and onboard.
In the semiconductor area: the company continues to promote the development and marketing of new products for semiconductor equipment and complementary material consumption, and has improved the semiconductor based on monocrystal silicon growth, slices, polishing, extended four core devices.
Current production and bulk delivery: 12 inches of single crystal silicon growth furnaces, grinding equipment, cut-off equipment, grinding equipment, edge polishing equipment certified by clients and received good feedback, 12 inches of single crystal silicon growth furnaces and partial processing equipment were sold in bulk, and other processing equipment was certified by customers.
The cost of sic is gradually declining, and is expected to grow rapidly, driven by new energy engineering controls and photovoltaic inverters. Companies plan to build growth, slice, polish, and grind product quality over time in the process of production, have mastered the pristine process and technology, and have the equipment certified by their clients.
(8621) 61357595 In the area of sapphire, the company has entered into a strategic partnership with RamsyTech, and a joint joint venture has been set up in Ningxia to build a sapphire material manufacturing base, and a subsidiary ring electron has succeeded in producing 700 kg-class sapphire crystals.
The photovoltile silicone silicon expansion is more than expected, semiconductor equipment and sapphire are phased in, with an upward adjustment of 2021/22 net profit of 18/12%, corresponding to 32/25/21 for pe. The “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Downstream photovoltaic silicon silicon expansion is less than expected and the national production of semiconductor equipment is less advanced than expected.