A new list of semiconductor equipment has been approved by the client.
An announcement was issued by Zhejiang New Materials Research Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of China Crystal Technologies, to purchase eight-inch crystal polished bcx8-zjs equipment from Crystal Power, for a total transaction of $80 million (with a major breakthrough in semiconductor equipment and a client's approval of the polishing device).
Market value in circulation (millions): According to the Central Crystal Technologies Bulletin, it is proposed to purchase eight-inch crystal polish with automatic billing machines and five-fold combined market value (millions):
The company, after years of grinding and development, produces 8-inch silicon crystals, slices, polishes, exterior processors, and this procurement for China Crystals predicts a re-establishment of the company's semiconductor equipment.
China Crystal is a semiconductor, silicon material manufacturer, with separate devices leading the market in the field of silicon material.
For straight single crystalline silicon and its products, it consists of silicon, integrated circuits, and silicon for separation devices. With advanced production and detection equipment, as well as mature technological techniques, and based on international first-class semiconductor enterprises, the development and production of high-quality semiconductor silicon materials have multiple cores in the field of semiconductor silicon materials.
Technology and patents, in our semiconductor silicon-based silicon-silicon-silicon-silent-sillow-silent-silent-silent-silent-silent-silent-silver-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-squares.
The SMS Stock Exchange-Crystal Power (300316) has a fast-growing potential for semiconductor operations, and growth is expected to accelerate in the future.
Report & 2021q1 performance forecast: Long Crystal equipment taps are going downstream, and, according to company announcements, the company's 8 inch and below semiconductor silicon equipment has been better home-grown, with a significant increase in performance in the first quarter of the year, 2021.04.07.
12 inches of silicon crystal growth furnaces are being delivered in small batches, along with the gradual introduction of the country's crystal mill into the future market, and the demand for dynamic semiconductor equipment has great potential. According to our calculations, only the purchase of corporate equipment is considered.
The expansion of silicon enterprises is expected to bring about demand surges, with single crystalline taps signing orders of over 202.103.14 billion equipment orders, of which the potential order is expected to exceed $4.5 billion.
Corporate equipment, the company is expected to deepen its client demand through this transaction, thereby raising the future semiconductor.
With a sustained surge in equipment demand and a higher level of after-sales services, it is expected that market access will be further expanded in the future and the company ' s leading position in the field of semi-carrier material equipment will be consolidated.
Dollars, corresponding to 53x, 33x, and 26x, respectively. A combination of the company's photovoltaic monocrystal silicon equipment, full of ponies, high growth of semiconductor operations, potential high growth value of carbonated silicon operations, and maintenance of “buy-in”
The epidemic caused the global photovoltaic load to fall short of expectations, the downstream demand for semiconductors fell short of expectations, and the photovolatile silicon silicon was expanded.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.