High performance growth, major breakthroughs in R & D crystals (300316.sz) Investment rating: buy-in (maintain)
• Rapid growth in performance and continued improvement in profit margins, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of £34.64 per cent over the same period, and a Māori rate of 36.60 per cent. 2020q4 income of €1.325 billion, net return to the mother $334 million, the highest level in the history quarter, 2020q4 gross, net interest rate of 41.97 per cent,
25.21%, with a continuous improvement in profit margins in a single quarter. The company is expected to benefit fully from photovoltaic expansion, and we are expected to raise the luminous expansion to release the equipment dividend, full of hand orders. The company's crystal growth equipment earned 2,623 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 20.69%.
Market demand has grown, downstream clients have increased their investment in the expansion of production, companies have increased the volume of photovoltaic equipment orders on a year-on-year basis, and companies have not completed contracts for crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment at the end of the year, totalling $5,865 million, of which a major contract of $2,079 million was announced in March of the year.
The competitive advantages and position of the domain also provide a guarantee for performance growth. Quality of product research and development breakthroughs, successful growth of carbon silicon crystals, active deployment and research and development of companies in the area of silicon carbonate, successful growth of 6 inches of silicon carbonated crystals, and extra-silicone carbon.
The equipment has been certified by the client, and the company has also set up a survey at the time of the carbonated silicon crystal growth, slices, polishing plan. The company updated the company information report - Silicon's new expensive start-up test line to achieve a lead in equipment and process technology. The company successfully developed an 8-inch tube device for use in silicon.
Extended production, long-crystal equipment tap benefit. 2021.2.1 Precipitation point, where technical indicators such as temperature control accuracy, membrane homogeneity, etc. are equal to imported equipment.
At a horizontal level, the successful development of the equipment represents a breakthrough in the company’s equipment at the tip of the chip. The company’s products have been developed for a significant period of time, with a pre-expected performance forecast.
The company's first-time coverage report - domestic long crystal equipment, lead, semiconductor fast-track.