The company's evaluation report, 300316, boosted profitability, was well placed in hand orders.
Realization of the net return to the mother is 858 million yuan, an increase of 34.64 per cent over the same period. The growth of photovoltaic silicone boosts performance and the recovery of corporate profitability.
The company has been able to raise its revenue and profits by more than $6 billion a year. Corporate profitability rebounded to a Māori rate of 36.6 per cent by 2020, with an increase of 1.05 pcts and a net interest rate of 22.35 per cent by 2020 and an increase of 2.28 pcts by the same year, partly as a result of excellent corporate cost management, with a cost rate (non-inclusive) during 2020.
25.21 per cent of profitability began to recover significantly in the second half of the year, and q4 was at an all-time high in the first quarter. The large increase in the volume of potential orders in hand orders is expected to support the growth of the company’s performance by hundreds of millions of yuan, or 6452 per cent, compared to the same increase, of which $5.475 billion in the uncompleted photovoltaic equipment contract and half-conductor
The equipment contract of $390 million (the above amounts include taxes) is expected to support the company’s performance growth with sufficient hand orders, while, according to our incomplete statistics and estimates, the expansion of the company’s downstream photovoltaic single crystal silicon enterprise between 2021 and 2023 is expected to generate some 330 gw of additional single crystal silicon capacity, assuming that the single gw invests between $130 million and $150 million.
It's a market of 42.9 to 49.5 billion yuan in crystal growth and processing equipment. And companies have a higher share in high-end markets, and new-generation photovoltaic monocrystal equipment developed by companies can accommodate 36 to 40 inches of higher heat, with technology at the cutting edge, which is expected to continue to occupy the high-end equipment market, assuming 50% of the company's market.
In response to the company’s potential order size of $21.5 to $24.8 billion, the company’s brand-new list of equipment is expected to grow faster.
Semiconductor operations have great potential, sapphire material operations are expected to release elasticity. Company semiconductor operations are now almost fully covered with 8 inches of crystals to process, and have achieved mass production and bulk delivery: 12 inches of single crystal silicon growth furnaces, grinding equipment, cut-off equipment, grinding equipment, edges.
In the case of the 12-inch single-crystal silicon growth furnace and some of the processing equipment, a batch of & 2021q1 performance pre-evaluations: the long-crystal plant taps are going downstream.
The semiconductor business continues to have a strong potential for growth in sales and other processing equipment as well. A significant performance increase of 2021.04.07 a quarter. Sapphire Materials has successfully mastered the international super-larger 700-kg-class sapphire crystal growth technique
The Sapphire Materials Business has a strong cost competitiveness and size advantage. The Speculator's Review-Crystal Power (300316) event is about to be released as Miniled opens up a new market for sapphire material applications.
In case of demand surges, single crystal taps sign a big list. 2021.03.14 Company sapphire material elasticity, which corresponds to the current 34x, 26x, and 21x, respectively.
Full of ponies, high growth in semiconductor operations, elasticity in sapphire material operations ... Maintains a “buy-in” rating. The epidemic results in less-than-expected global photovoltaic loads, less-than-expected downstream demand for semiconductors, and more photovoltile silicone.
As expected, the demand for sapphire materials has not increased as expected.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.