# Equity Incentives # New Needs, New Policies #
▪ Lead global integrated infrastructure service providers, covering capital construction, capital plan, dredging, etc.. The company’s predecessor, China Road Bridge and Bay of China, are the main domestic road bridge and water transport forces, respectively; the company signed a new contract in 2022, amounting to $15.2.3 billion, or +21.6%, compared to 89.7% per cent in 2022, and the capital/base plan/reding operations account for 89 per cent.7 per cent.4 per cent, respectively.
▪ Capital-related core industries have a strong edge and are expected to benefit from a high industry profile. (1) Broad/narrow-based infrastructure equals +10.8 per cent/+8.8 per cent in January/March, construction continues to be above the center, capital construction is expected to be an important catch-up for economic growth this year.
18 per cent; Sino-Cong City, a subsidiary, with advantages such as parent company brand resources, industry chain relations, to create a “Middle-City” brand that promotes quality + industry upgrading; (4) company-driven sea wind construction, with a third-tier company with a 60 per cent market share of sea wind installed in the country; and leading the establishment of a subsidiary, with a combined sea wind industry.
Service provider; (5) new contract value of 54.9 billion yuan in 2022 for company-based construction operations, i.e. +23.3 per cent of the year, high-quality design assets are to be re-listed by means of shells, enhanced integrated planning and leadership of design operations, and higher corporate value.
Production has the advantage of a mature industry, stable cash flow and clear ownership of assets, and circular 236 further optimizes conditions for the issuance of the franchise category reits projects; (2) company franchises account for 14 per cent of total assets, and the issuance of reits improves financial indicators in the short term, helps in the long term to build up the active stock of assets and provides for them
New sources of financing have been created; China’s border reit release provides a good example, and companies have 24 highway projects that are now in operation, which will support fund-raising. The “one-way” build-up has accelerated, and companies are expected to recover from overseas operations. (1) Companies use people through territorialization,
Territorialized management, mergers and acquisitions strengthen territorialization, with a new contract of $20.86 billion in 2022 for overseas engineering units for capital construction operations and $98.7 billion for offshore operations, the highest in absolute size and ratio among construction companies; and (2) a marked increase in our cooperation with national infrastructure along the past “one-way” policy, which this year was “one-way”.
On the 10th anniversary, the company is expected to take full advantage of its historic opportunity, with its active involvement in foreign affairs since the beginning of the year. Billions of dollars, resulting in a net profit of $19.1 billion from mothers, firm growth in recent years, restoration of profit levels, operational capacity.
A strong assessment of the Roe, the operating cash ratio, and the company-related strategies are expected to improve efficiency, quality and effectiveness of business.
It is to be hoped that the fundamentals will continue to be optimized, and that the impact of the policy will boost expectations for overseas business growth, and that reforms in State enterprises, the “medium-specialization” will accelerate, and corporate valuations will not move as fast as expected; design assets will not move as fast as expected to be marketed; and reforms in State enterprises will not move as fast as expected.
China’s border building was set up in 2006 at the expense of the China-China Group, formerly China Road Bridge and China Harbour, the main naval forces. China Road Bridge is a leading company in the design and construction of roads and bridges.
China Roadbridge was formally established in 1989 to enter the international engineering contract market, to merge one public and two public houses, and to merge one public authority, two public authorities, Xingzhou Road Construction and China Construction and Installation Engineering in Beijing in 1997. China Road Bridge built a number of high-tech, high-value-added, highly influential “high, sophisticated” roads, bridges, roots.
According to the China Construction Report, before the merger of China Road Bridge with the Hong Kong Bay of China, a total of more than 14.7 million roads of all classes were built at home and abroad, of which 6573 kilometres were highways: 4,405 bridges of all types were built, including 857 large and medium-sized independent bridges, with a total length of 6.37 million Ym; 25 tunnels were built, with a total length of 16.335 million Ym.
China Harbour Bay, a former Chinese company founded in 1980, is responsible for further consolidation of the water transport engineering consulting firm and the Naval Planning Institute under the Ministry of Transport. The former China Harbour Bay has designed and built almost all of our large and medium-sized ports and waterways along the coast and Yangtze River, and is responsible for the consolidation of the water transport engineering consulting firm and the water planning institute.
In 2005, in response to a call for restructuring and reform by the National Investment Commission, the two companies joined forces to form the China-China Group, to achieve complementarity and optimal allocation of resources, and to restructure the post-China Bay and China Road Bridge, which are primarily responsible for the commissioning and execution of work outside the Group’s borders.
Figure 1: China Handover was established in 2006 at the expense of the China-China Consortium, formerly China Road Bridge and Hong Kong, China Road Bridge and Naval Main Forces, respectively, with the National Finance Committee, with multiple holdings and subsidiaries covering various areas of operation such as capital construction, capital-building plan, dredging process. China Handover was listed at the joint crossing in December 2006 and smoked through stock exchange in March 2012.
Combination of the International Construction of the Road Bridge Group, Inc., which was listed at the drop-off point, with 57.99 per cent of the group holding shares in the company as of the end of 2022, with the firm in charge of the National Treasury; 32 major wholly-owned, holding subsidiaries of the company, covering capital construction, capital-building plans, dredging operations, etc., with a footprint covering all provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country
Figure 2: Corporate ownership is the National Finance Committee, with subsidiaries covering capital construction, capital planning, dredging operations, etc. (as of 31 December 2022)
New construction contracts amount to $13.71 billion, or 89 per cent of the total, contributing the main part of the new contracts, dredging and building operations account for 7 per cent and 4 per cent of the total, respectively, and constitute an important complement.
In the area of transport, the number of new contracts for the construction of bridges and railways stood at $35,79,449 million respectively, and since 2020 the contribution to the construction of new bills has stabilized at around 30 per cent; in the area of “big cities”, the number of new contracts for urban construction was 3086,50 per cent, with continuous expansion of efficiency gains; and in the area of “rivers and lakes”, the number of new contracts for port construction and dredging operations was 767, respectively.
In addition to the $30.86 billion in new contracts for offshore works, which account for 15 per cent of capital construction, 13.6 billion in new offshore contracts for capital construction and dredging operations, and 5.68 billion in new offshore contracts, respectively.Figure 5: China Group “123456” development strategy, with a focus on “triple” and a focus on “two major advantages”
2.1. In the context of the “stable growth” of the industry, it is expected that the in-kind capital workload will accelerate. The Government's report on its work will emphasize steady growth and expansion of domestic demand, with an annual Gdp acceleration target of 5 per cent.
Agreeing to shift the word “stable” to a more robust macroeconomic policy, with active fiscal policies more effective and sound monetary policies more precise and robust, and that the report on government work sets a growth target of 5 per cent for 2023 gdp, with macro-policies prolonging the overall tone of steady growth, job stability, price stability and confidence, and focusing on expanding domestic demand,
With priority given to restoring and expanding consumption, government investment and policy incentives to effectively leverage social investment; and the Ministry of Finance’s proposal this year to arrange a special local government bond of $3.8 trillion. Achieving economic growth targets is challenging, and infrastructure is expected to remain an important enabler of this year’s economic growth.
Total retail sales of social consumer goods for January-March of the year increased by +5.8 per cent, total exports by +0.8 per cent and investments in real estate development increased by the same year, depending on investments in the production and supply of electricity/thermal/gas and water, transport/storage and postal investments, and the launching of major projects in various locations since the end of the year, with the second batch of projects supported by financial instruments starting from q4 last year.
This year’s in-kind work will be contributed by successive batches of work; at the end of the fund, a total of $88.29 billion was released in January/February, roughly the same amount as in the same period last year. In the context of the ongoing recovery of consumption and export data, we expect that the achievement of the 2023 economic growth target will still need to be underpinned by infrastructure.
Figure 6: Export/retail/real estate investment at the same rate of increase
The construction industry pmi has continued to outpace the hub in recent years since the fourth quarter of 2022, and the industry has maintained a high level of activity. The construction industry business activity index in March was 65.6 per cent, with the ring continuing at 5.4 percentage points in February, and the weather level is high.
2. Roadbridges, ports and dredging infrastructure are well-established, and urban construction and new energy sectors are strengthened.
Every year, the company is the world's largest port, road and bridge design and construction company, the world's largest dredging company, the country's largest railway construction company; it has created “first” and “first” in the history of waterwork and bridge construction, both domestically and in Asia and the world.
The deep-water harbour in Yooyama (the world’s largest container port), the deep-water waterway rehabilitation project at the Yangtze mouth (the world’s largest estuary treatment project), the Hong Kong Joao Tunnel project (the world’s first deep-seated tunnel), and the Kyouta high-speed railway (the world’s one-time largest and highest-standard high-speed railway) are among the world’s leaders.
Figure 12: Corporate traditional business projects experienced and growing robustly The traditional major industry has signed new single robust growth rates that are better than industry performance, and sufficient on-the-job orders will make a definite contribution to future growth. The number of new contracts for the construction of corporate ports, the construction of bridges, the construction of railways and the dredging operation will vary in 2022.
Growth for three and more years, with better performance compared to the growth rate of industry-related capital investment, reflects the competitive advantage of companies as champions; capital construction and dredging operations have been awarded 3.02 trillion in hand orders, $204.8 billion in new single guarantees of 2.2 times, 2.1 times in hand orders, 4.8 times in hand orders, etc.
Figure 14: The rate of contract growth in the construction of corporate bridges and investment in the road transport industry has increased continuously by 2.2.2. Urban construction orders have increased continuously, with the continued expansion of the brand “Megacities” and the contribution of more than 50 per cent of the building blocks as an important point of growth.
The rate of urbanization of China's resident population has reached 65 per cent in the year, urbanization has entered a new phase, urban population has gathered to impose higher demands on the city's public infrastructure, and the need for urban renewal, integrated underground space development, intelligent parking, network rehabilitation and so on has been continuously released; companies have responded positively to the country's needs and have fully responded to the new urbanization strategy, with new urban construction in 2022.
Building on the strengths of the whole industry chain and the capacity of integrated services, the company complemented the integrated development of the whole industry chain in strong cities and promoted the upgrading of urban quality and industry. In 2022, of the $679 billion in new contracts for urban construction, the proportion of integrated urban development operations reached 18 per cent, and by the end of 2022, the cumulative investment in integrated corporate urban development projects amounted to $15.4 billion.
A return on sales of $137.6 billion. A subsidiary of the company invests in the company as a professional investment platform for the integrated development and operation of its cities, making full use of the parent company's brand resources, industry chain partnerships and technological experience, potential partners, and building a “middle cities” brand with systemic advantages in the entire industry chain: for example, the start-up of a district project in the western part of Sindh Goo.
China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
A number of priority industrial projects, such as electrical energy, smart manufacturing incubators, and the creation of industrial chains of industrial robots and smart equipment; in the context of the South Charing Island Point Integrated Development Project, corporate investment is being built to connect the Central Urban Complex, the Guangzhou Nansha International Cruise Mother Port Complex project, a joint construction finance leasing company, and the promotion of China ' s transfer to the South Sands Register II, II and II.
11 third-tier subsidiaries; according to the China-China bond collection instructions, as of September 2022 the company had 16 integrated urban development projects with a total contract value of $233.5 billion, with a cumulative total investment of $63.6 billion and sufficient in hand projects.
Table 1: Status of integrated urban development projects in hand-held cities, as of mid-September 2022. Maritime wind: building sea winds with power, seeking new growth points in business, our sea wind growth prospects are high, and sea winds will be maintained at a faster rate during the "14th Five-Year" period. According to China.
Source network, with a coastline of 32,000 km, with an area of more than 3 million km of sea area, sea wind energy resources rich, 5-50 m deep, 100 m high sea wind energy resources open to 500 million kW; the cumulative load of wind power at sea increased from 0.4gw to 32.7gw in 2012-2022, and there is much room for development.
The 14th Five-Year Renewable Energy Development Plan, issued by nine departments, sets out its priorities for the development of the sea wind and proposes an orderly advance in the development of the offshore wind base.
The construction of the five main offshore wind bases in Shandong Peninsula, Long Triangle, Guannan, Kandong and the North Bay, among others, is on the increase. Figure 23: Additional installed capacity of our offshore wind power.
A forward-looking study of the sea wind market as early as 2005 led to the construction of the first offshore wind farm in Asia in 2008 (the 100mw offshore wind demonstration project at the Shanghai East Sea Bridge), which has since been involved in several “first-ever” projects in the domestic wind field, such as the first offshore wind farm, which meets the “double-ten” standard (the Middle-Change wind farm), and the first one.
The 300 kilowatt-sized offshore wind farm (the East Sea Wind farm), the first offshore wind project in the north (the 300-megawatt wind farm at the Tangshan Leatine Island Maritime Wind farm) and the first offshore wind farm project in the northeast (the Dalian River Sea Wind farm project) account for about 60% of our market share of sea wind construction. Companies insist on autonomous innovation.
Roads, which captures key technologies such as sea wind infrastructure construction and installations, wind engine installation and equipment, offshore wind farm maintenance, and new wind materials and durability, also maintain a leading role in technological research in emerging areas such as negative pressure cylinders, gravity, deep water catheters, drifting and far-reaching sea wind machines, breaking foreign monopolies and shaping the country’s sea wind ownership brand.
Figure 25: The China Sea Winds Representative Project of the China-China Third Shipping Authority, the Shanghai East Sea Bridge 100 megawatts of offshore wind power demonstration project, which is like the East Sea Wind Field.
The country's first 300 kilowatt-sized offshore wind farm, Asia's first offshore wind demonstration project, installed a total capacity of 102 megawatts and installed 34 single-power 3 megawatt offshore.
Total installed capacity of 150mw, 20 sea suits 5mw& 14 x Siemens 4mw, high pedestal/single base, compartmentalized 300 megawatts of offshore wind farm, Tangshan Leatine Island
The Dalian River Maritime Wind Field Project, the first offshore wind project under construction in northern China, the first offshore wind project in the north-east, the largest offshore wind project in the north-east, was approved by Yonghai.
Planning for the construction of 55 offshore wind turbines, including 2 3 megawatts, 46 3.3 megawatts and 7 naval wind turbines, with a total engineering capacity of 300 megawatts, and a wind field for the offshore wind farm project in Yangtze Island, China
The first offshore wind farm in the country, with a single-size 5 MW direct wind-drive capacity, broke a record of the size of a single-body offshore wind project in the country, with a total installed capacity of 50mw, 10 thorium 5mw, a high-column platform base, a fraction.
The installation of four base-form wind turbines in the first deep-water area of the country, 20 km from the land, with a total planned capacity of 400 megawatts, was achieved.
The first “two-ten” offshore wind farm in the country is about 42 km away from shore, breaking the record of the country's wind farm project, which is building the farthest off shore.
Total installed capacity 150mw, 38 x Siemens 4mw, single base, unit capacity 302.4 megawatts, 63 x Siemens 4.0 megawatt units, 12 x Vision Energy 4.2 megawatt units and a 220 kV sea lift station
To form a subsidiary to create an integrated service provider for the offshore wind industry. China Peak wind power is made by a company that is a major shareholder and leads five large and well-known companies such as the Tri-Gorge Group, the Grand Tang Group, the National Energy Investment Group, Vision Energy, etc., and covers investments in offshore wind equipment research and development, operation maintenance, design consultancy, overseas.
In the areas of wind power, “sea wind power plus” , a number of sea wind surveys, supervision and counselling have been carried out throughout the country, including in Yangjiang City, Yuda City, Chenzhou City, Wenzhou City. The establishment of the China Sea Peak wind power has helped to promote the regionalization and specialization of the company's operations at sea.
The opportunity to build wind and power expands up and down the industrial chain. 2.3. Design assets are to be placed on the market and specialized integration is to be achieved.
It is also the world’s leading road, bridge and tunnel design enterprise, which is qualified in a number of fields, such as engineering surveys. In 2022, the company’s base-building operations generated 48.21 billion yuan, or 1.3 per cent of the total, and several regionally influential surveys, designs, and advisory projects were carried out in countries and regions such as Guinea and Guinea.
In terms of type, in 2022, the survey of design categories, the Engineering Supervisory Group, the total contract for epc, other projects (including ppp projects) accounted for 32 per cent, 2 per cent, 49 per cent and 17 per cent of new contracts, respectively.
The company’s next chambers of commerce, second chambers, and the Council of Public Planning are to be re-listed. This is a market-distribution scheme: (1) Major asset swap: China’s material builder group’s controlled shares in Jilianshan are to set aside the assets and liabilities of its subsidiary, Jilianshan Cement (at a price of $10.43 billion) with the equivalent of 100% of the shares of the six Chinese design houses.
The six design houses included 100% of the shares (valued at $20.16 billion) belonging to the Public Council, the First Chamber and the Second Chamber under the banner of China and 100% of the Southwest, Northeast and Energy Councils under the banner of China's urban and rural areas (2) issued shares to purchase assets: 23.50 billion yuan for the assets to be placed (six design houses) to be funded.
The price of production (Cement Cement) is RMB 10.43 billion, the difference between the price of RMB 13.7 billion will be purchased through the distribution of shares to China and to China's rural and urban areas, at a price of RMB 10.17 per share, with an estimated 11.1 billion shares to China and 170 million shares to China's urban and rural areas.
(3) Share-in-stock fund-raising: The stock-in-stock is to be distributed to no more than 35 non-publicly issued shares for a total of no more than 3.4 billion yuan for 14 upgrading, management, productive capacity projects and replenishment of liquidity.
The successful implementation of major asset replacements and share-distribution purchases is premised on the successful implementation of the assets. (4) Completion of market-distribution: through the reorganization of six design houses, the new stock market will be removed from the cement industry and will become an independent listing platform in the area of engineering municipal design advice; China cross-border construction and Chinese urban and rural acquisition of installed cement assets
The share of Xin Tianshan, under the banner of the China Building Materials Group, will be entrusted for management purposes; the division of the Public Regulations Council, the First Chamber and the Second Chamber will be placed on the market as controlling shareholders in the design listing companies, holding 53.88 per cent of the shareholdings.
The difference in exchange was 13.7 billion yuan, with 100 per cent of the share in Qianlianshan Cement, built by Jilianshan in the form of shares in China, and 10.43 billion yuan in the form of shares in Tianshan shares, purchased by urban and rural China and issued at a price of $10.17 per share.
• 100 per cent of the shares of the Public Council, the First Chamber and the Second Chamber of the Chinese People's Republic of China, valued at RMB 20.16 billion, and 1.11 billion of the shares of the Chinese People's Republic of China, which holds 85 per cent of the shares of Tianlianshan Cement, and 100 per cent of the shares of China's cities and towns in the Southwest, Northeast and Energy Institute, valued at RMB 3.34 billion.
In China, 170 million shares were distributed to urban and rural areas, which held 15 per cent of the share in Qilianshan Cement.
Project to upgrade management capacity Project to build new infrastructure and to build a centre for the development of intelligent traffic management technology (8.628 million yuan, 115 million yuan for one house and 52.6 million yuan for the second house)
Digital upgrading project for the management of large design consulting enterprises (16.77 million yuan for the Public Council and 38 million yuan for the Public Chamber, and 18.8 million yuan for the development and development of digital design and delivery platforms) (18.95 million yuan for the Public Council, 100.0 million for a Chamber, 64.3 million for the Second Chamber, 52.86 million for the Southwest and 31.8 million for the Northeast)
• Research and development project on large-scale data applications for urban industry operations (-Congress 105 million yuan)
• Project to upgrade the production capacity of the headquarters of the Council of State ($51.325 million), $30.8 million and $79.63 million for the Southwest Council) • Project to build a production building for the Central Chamber of State ($2.5366 million)
• Project to upgrade the capacity for research and development of assembly, industrialization and intelligent construction technologies (30 million yuan per public house);
• Project for the construction of branches of the South-West Municipal Council (4.251 million yuan) — Project for the construction of the Engineering Research and Development Centre for Urban Eco-Environmental Governance (25 million yuan for a common house, 43.7 million yuan for the South-West Council and 34.45 million yuan for the North-East Chamber)
• Project to upgrade the capacity to design and raise innovation throughout the life cycle of the Growing Bridge (16 million yuan for the Council of Public Regulations); Project to develop technologies for the construction of high-altitude roads in the cold (150 million yuan for a common house); Project to supplement the liquidity (330 million yuan)
Figure 29: A review of the pre- and post-equity structure of the design assets under China’s border construction three design houses cover, inter alia, the company’s road and municipal block design resources, with a better level of profit.
The public and second houses, the world ' s leading and leading road, bridge, tunnel and municipal design enterprises, achieved net profits of 5.5/466.43 million yuan in 2022 and net asset returns of 17.2 per cent/12.9 per cent or 11.4 per cent, respectively, up to the end of 2022, including the China-China Consortium and the Conservation Group (General Engineering Contracting and Construction Operations), the I-IV Academy (Port Design Operations), and the Water Academy.
Transport planning and design complex (water transport design operations); by comparing financial data from the three to-market design complexes with other base construction companies, three design complexes were clearly at a better level of profitability, with net profit of 11.1 per cent per annum in 2022, net asset return of 13.6 per cent, net profit of other subsidiaries of 20.8 per cent per annum, net asset gain
The first step in this process is to solve some of the problems of competition among colleagues, which has prompted the design panel to focus on the main business, and to enhance the development of the exhibition.
According to the split announcement, in 2019-2021, the total operating income of the six Design Institutes of Engineering was 47.3/43.9/4120 million yuan, representing 33.9 per cent and 33.4 per cent and 31.8 per cent of the operating income of the proposed assets, respectively, and the completion of the split would not result in additional separate construction contracts, which would help to resolve some of the peer competition issues and focus on the main industries.
Asset consolidation enhances integrated design business planning and leadership, creates synergies with other corporate operations, and enhances corporate value as a whole. First, while corporate-based construction operations have a significant competitive advantage in the country, there is still a significant gap between advanced international levels, and the design consulting industry in the country is now in a critical period of transformation and upgrading; second,
The company ' s dredging business plate completed the integration of the Tianjin Bureau, Shanghai Bureau, and Guangzhou Bureau in 2015 as the backbone of business implementation and financing, while the design business module lacks an organization-wide platform. This asset integration business level will focus on addressing the lack of corporate design modules ' overall integration and planning leadership, with high levels of capacity
The end-of-cycle advisory implementation capacity is weak, with strong core design for major traffic, weak business expansion support capacity in large urban areas, lack of business extension capacity in overseas priorities, and upgrading of company-wide chain advantages; capital at the level of design advisory panels characterized by lighter assets and higher levels of profit compared to capital construction, and disassembly of design panels.
The city contributes to the overall valuation of the design plate and to the value of the company and shareholders by absconding China's value. 3. Freeway asset reserves are abundant, with the help of Reits to speed up the process 3.1. Multi-sectoral exploration to advance infrastructure reits, with the highway as a high-quality bottom asset 3.1.
At the central level, on 2 February, the CSRC held a meeting on the system for 2023, in which it mentioned the need to promote the regularization of public funds collection: on 10 February, the CSRC held a meeting on bond regulation for 2023. Emphasis was placed on the overall deepening of the reits market, its development and regulation, and its efforts.
Promotion of high-quality development of the reits market; launch of a pilot project for a private investment fund for real estate on 20 February by the CSRC; issuance of communication No. 236 by the DRC on 26 March; local level, Hunan Province offers incentives for the declaration of reits and innovative proposals for the inclusion of advisory services related to the infrastructure reits industry in the Government ' s directory of procurement services; Sichuan Province provides guidance for the Government
In the case of projects in the province where credit is issued and funds are raised, the original beneficiary may apply for a grant based on 0.5% of the size of the investment; and the Chongqing Municipal Development and Rehabilitation Commission has proposed a clear policy of support, such as taxation, land, etc. The assets of the highway, as a bottom asset, have the advantage of mature industry, stable cash flow, and clear ownership of assets.
The roll-out of reits has been effective in improving business indicators, and 7 highways are currently on the market as bottom assets, raising 48.1 per cent of the total amount of funds. (1) According to the Ministry of Transport, the capital construction of China ' s highway network has been based on revenue from tolls, showing a steady overall growth trend, with a national highway toll of $40.98 billion in 2015-2019.
The impact of daily vehicle tolls of $159.3 billion and the national highway toll down by 18 per cent compared to the previous year, but the revenue from the toll was $66.31 billion throughout 2021, returning to pre-epidemic levels; (3) the highway assets were fixed by the project company and the Government through the Concession Agreement, and there was generally no associated transaction or asset split
The issue of reits also provides new avenues for the highway industry to effectively reduce the return on investment, improve cash flow and reduce the asset liability rate. As at 31 March 2023, 27 infrastructure reits were listed, with 7 highway assets as the bottom asset, total fund-raising, total market value, circulation market, etc.
The value was 48.1 per cent, 41.9 per cent and 32.4 per cent, respectively. Document 236 was placed to further optimize the conditions for the issuance of the concession category reits projects. On 24 March, the Board issued document 236, which introduced new requirements in terms of the rate of return on the project, the use of recovered funds and the management of operations.
(i) With regard to the rate of return on the project, the 4 per cent requirement has been applied to the proceeds of all types of infrastructure projects since the issuance of document 958, while document 236 further distinguishes between equity projects and concession projects: the equity category uses the “net cash flow allocation rate for each year of the next three years”
In principle no less than 3.8 per cent, the franchise category uses the “irr in principle no less than 5 per cent” criterion; (2) in the application and operation management of recovered funds, document 958 provides that “90 per cent or more of net recovered funds (i.e., after deducting funds for repayment of related debts, payment of taxes, participation in a rule-based strategy, etc.) shall be used for recovery purposes. ]
Projects under construction or new projects where prior work has matured”, amended to read “No more than 30% of the net recovered funds can be used for the active inventory project” to satisfy market demands for diversified and long-term use of recovered funds.
The company has a sizeable portfolio, with a relatively high share of franchise assets, and needs to be put to work. In 2007, the company began to take over investment projects, such as infrastructure, with abundant resources, reaching $22.75 billion in intangible assets as of the end of 2022, representing 15.1% of total assets; and further split, with franchise assets in intangible assets.
The company has 33 concession projects into operation, most of which are highway projects with operating income of $7.70 billion, resulting in a net loss of $1.95 billion. Although the company concession projects are entering maturity, resulting in operating efficiency gains of $21.16 billion, the group expects to accept $18.358 billion in construction and security contracts from new projects.
In terms of type, the proportion of projects in 2022 in the bot category, government-paid projects, integrated urban development projects as at 10.1 per cent, integrated development projects and non-operational government-paid projects increased significantly, and the investment-type project structure was optimized.
Figure 38: Status of the company ' s newly signed investment-type projects The first single highway, reit, was launched to distribute help with high-speed assets.
On the 7th day, the market was marketed at a price of $9.399 million per month, raising a share of 1 billion copies, amounting to $9.399 billion. According to the collection instructions, the main line of the high-speed project was 90.975 km long, connected to the Wuhan economic ring, the Changgu economic ring and the Hong Kong port of Australasia, and the revenue generated was mainly from toll revenues (90%) in October 2019 through the completion of the inspection and inspection.
After the release of the cost-of-service billing billboard rental income, the remaining business life at the time of issuance, the Carton highway was fully liberalized in December 2022, traffic resumed rapidly, average daily traffic increased significantly, and business efficiency is expected to improve in 2023.
Distribute the highways as bottom asset reits to achieve a short-term turnover of operating-type assets, contributing to the refinement of financial indicators such as profitability, asset liability, net asset return, free cash flow, etc. and achieving return of funds and asset optimization: in the long run, the construction of an “investment-building-operate-sale” operating model helps to build up a living stock of assets, and
By the end of 2022, there were 24 highway projects and 8 highway projects under construction in the company.
Most of the projects in the camp period are located in the Yangtze Economic Zone, the Yellow River Basin, Kyunjin-Shu, and the Great Bay Region of Hong Kong, where the priority areas of support are clear and 20 projects have been operating for more than five years, and where profits and cash flows are expected to stabilize; according to the China-China Reit collection instructions, the China-China-China-Hushu surrender will be built in high-speed public.
The freeway assets that the company intends to release in the road are to be included in the freeway by expanding the fund-raising process; as our reits pilot matures and eases, the freeway projects in hand are likely to be the bottom-of-the-line assets that companies can raise, and companies can use the mid-summer reit platform to raise the flag.
Rapid road assets are managed and managed, leading to a virtuous cycle in which assets are transferred from the top to the bottom, financing. Figure 41: The company's entry-in-service projects are mostly located in the priority areas of reits in the annex to document No. 958.
The 10th anniversary of the “One Way” will be followed by the 10th anniversary of the “One Way” initiative, with significant results in the focus areas. The “One Way” initiative, launched in 2013, is aimed at building on existing bilateral and multilateral mechanisms between China and the countries concerned to actively develop economic partners with the countries along the way.
Relations, in-depth cooperation in key economic areas such as infrastructure, energy, transport, trade, etc. The 20th Congress proposed to build a “one-way” high-quality development that would further deepen infrastructure connectivity and allow for greater, higher-level and deeper regional cooperation; the year 2023 marked the tenth anniversary of the “one-way” initiative; and the last 10 years for our country and the United Nations.
151 countries and 32 international organizations signed over 200 “one-way” cooperation documents, with an average annual increase of 8.6 per cent in access to and from countries along the route, and two-way investments are on the way to new steps. China, Saudi Arabia, Iran, 10 March 2023