Three-quarterly reviews of Sintsu steel (000708), a three-quarterly report from the company, which in the first three quarters generated business income of 57,023 million yuan, an increase of 4.65 per cent over the previous three quarters; a net profit of 3,666 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, an increase of 37.33 per cent over the third quarter of the company.
The company’s performance in the first three quarters was 37.33% higher than the previous three quarters in the context of the industry’s decline, showing a stronger resistance to the cycle. We believe that the company’s profitability has been better or has largely benefited from two aspects: first, the company’s rising production costs.
Second, the higher value added of the company's special steel product, the relative stability of the client group, the company's downstream company's intention to compete for 13.50 per cent of the share of the steel, if a successful company achieves 100 per cent control over the steel.
On October 10, the company announced its intention to participate in a bid to buy Tyfu investment in a public roll-out at Jiangsu's store. Xu Hye-min will hold a 100 per cent stake in Xing Yu steel, which will help the company to further exploit the advantages of unified management and reduce production.
At the industry level, short-term NATE steel demand has been relatively slow to grow in terms of lower sales of gas, cars, engineering, etc.
High-end manufacturing such as military engineering, nuclear power, and rail transport equipment is growing rapidly, and there is still a wide range of incremental steel demand. At the corporate level, short-term equity injections in steel surplus will boost company performance, and in the medium to long term, companies, as leading companies in the steel industry, are expected to benefit fully from national substitution and manufacturing upgrading.
In Beijing, in the 28th of the West Side Street of Peace, the Hengsheng Building of the Shanghai, China, China, and Fukuda, Shenzhen, the 6th tax-free trader.
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is a client. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with the company.
This report is prepared on the basis of information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.