The Māori rate continues to rise in support of performance, replenishment and high-quality modeling, bearing steel projects contributing to the development net profit of $3.67 billion, an increase of 37.33 per cent in the same year; and a gain of $1.23 per share, the same amount.
(i) Māori increase in the price of super-gat steel, which supports the growth of corporate performance, due to higher costs of iron ore, coke and scrap steel and higher steel production in the first three quarters
Wu Jianjun is fast, the steel industry has experienced a sharp decline in profits from the same year, but the company relies on the deep-cultivated steel industry, where the Māori rate remains high and performance is still rising rapidly.
RMB/tonne, a slight decrease of only 3% over the same period, with the average price rising from $14181 to $15073/tonne in the third quarter, an increase of 6.29% in the ring. The average price for spring steel in the third quarter was $5163/tonne, a decrease of only 2% in the ring, and the average price for bearing steel in the third quarter was $4833/tonne, a decrease of only 2% in the ring.
The three-quarter average price of carbon steel is $4070 per ton, a 4 per cent reduction in the ring ratio. The Māori ratio for the sale of products has been gradually increased from 9.12 per cent in the first quarter to 15.94 per cent in the third quarter, as a result of higher value additions, greater individualized demand and better cost control.
An increase of 4.87 percentage points provides an enabling environment to withstand industrial cycle fluctuations. (ii) Downstream domestic production and high-end demand is strong and the industry has a better climate.
High-value-added industry characteristics. And since the super-styres industry downstream is mainly made at the higher end, including wind power, orbital traffic, mechanical equipment, molds, etc., applications in space, nuclear power, aviation aircraft, marine petrochemicals, semiconductor chips, etc., are in support of emerging strategic industries.
In the future, there will be more room for industry development and faster, with average demand growing by more than 10%. World production of special alloys currently accounts for about 10% of total steel production, while our production of special alloys is 3,315,000 tons, which is only the share of crude steel.
The demand for special steel will increase in the future as China ' s industrial structure optimizes and national production substitution increases. In 2018, China ' s priority premium steel company, which is 120 million tons of co-production steel, grew by 6.2 million tons, compared with 6.2 million tons in the same year.
In contrast to the strong demand for steel, the import of steel grew by about 20 per cent for the second consecutive year, with the import of steel by 4,0446 million tons in 2018, an increase of 19.03 per cent over the same year, and a shortage of domestic steel supplies.
The price of high-end steel is supported by a return of iron ore to a reasonable price, and industry profits are expected to cool back and maintain a higher profile. (iii) Replenishment projects such as the construction of steel and high-quality model steel, bearing steel, etc. support the company’s future growth.
On October 10, the company announced its intention to participate in a bid to buy 13.50% of the remaining equity of the steel, and in the event of a successful bid, the company would hold 100% of the equity in the steel, which would be conducive to unified management, lower efficiency gains, and higher market rates, with the company’s performance expected to increase further. The Sino-China steel plate would be on the market as a whole, making it a super-large steel with 13 million tons of steel production capacity per year.
Listed enterprises. The main business of the company, which is similar to that of the company, mainly produces and sells steel bearings and gears, high standard steel bearings over 80% in the domestic market, the steel market for car parts over 65%, the ton of steel making more profit than the listed company, Māori right, will significantly increase the profitability and profitability of the company.
The 30,000-ton high-quality model steel project has now completed more than 75 per cent of its work and is scheduled to be operational by the end of 2019, which will allow it to meet the demand for high-end model steel, aerospace steel and special smelting products, such as special stainless steel, and enhance the company’s combined strength and market competitiveness. The company’s R & D costs in the third quarter are 700 million yuan, a 4.4 times higher than in the previous quarter, and large-scale R & D costs.
The company's new product development in the first half of the year was 187,000 tons, or 15.45%, and the production lines, such as the second phase of the pole line construction, the upgrade of the special smelting product (phase I), were built for the company's future development and production of high-end bearing steel, such as steel, steel for the backbone of the shield, steel for the railway model, steel for the high-end wheel bearing steel, and the development of new products.
The company’s forward-looking strategic layout of the built-in steel and high-quality super-stylish capacity expansion is clear-cut, benefiting from downstream demand and national production trends, and a higher industry profile, which supports the growth of product prices, company orders, and performance. Companies’ acquisition of high-quality assets, such as stubble steel and special-purpose model steel, axle bearing steel, is steadily advancing, supporting the company’s future development.
3) The restructuring and expansion of the company project has not come into operation as expected.