Merchant banks: Retail advantages make new growth still viable and sound. Interest-earning assets have grown faster in recent years than the stock-based bank as a whole, largely in line with the five major lines of State-owned growth. Structurally, 209h1.
The share of loans and advances in interest-bearing assets is 63.56 per cent, and the share of loans and advances in interest-bearing assets is higher than that of other equity banks. The net difference between net gains and net gains in 2019h1 was 2.7 per cent, 2.58 per cent, compared to 0.16, + 0.1 per cent, respectively, in the industry.
At a higher level, they are ahead of other equity banks, and they are mostly under-retailed clients' deposits. Figure 2 shows a steep drop in the share of merchant banks and the depth of 300, which results in lower cost of interest-paying liabilities and a year-on-year ratio of retail loans in the lending structure.
Upgraded and the ratio of corporate loans declined from year to year, and the lending structure was optimized. The company’s poor lending rate continued to decline, non-performing loans were lower, the firm’s non-performing lending was more stringent, lending was less risky, credit risk management was in place, and sufficient capital at the core of the company was ahead of it.
The value of the premium is clear, and the performance of the firm is better than that of the other bank. As an excellent equity bank, since 2016, the value of the premium has gradually expanded compared to that of the other bank, and the share price has performed much better than the 300 index for the banking sector as a whole and the depth of the industry.
More than that, it shows better growth; 2019h1 has achieved a net profit of 86.808 billion yuan, compared to +14.16 per cent. The profitability of the company has performed better than that of its counterparts in the long term, with the company ' s 2019h1roe level at 9.73 per cent, compared to the share-based banks, countries and countries of the same period.
The next round of growth can be expected. The recruitment has been secured through low-cost liabilities in well-established retail operations, with a net spread advantage, retail customers becoming more sticky, and companies will continue to have the advantage of higher interest rates in the short term, despite increased competition for future deposits, and lower interest rates will further reduce the firm ' s high netting margin.
The advantages of retailing over priority retail products will be maintained, and will continue to provide a basis for good profitability and high-quality development. A new round of transformation, led by “light banking” and “one-size-fits-all” strategies, with financial science and technology at its core, is gaining access to retail ecology.
Customers, client operations, upgrading of client experience are still relatively pre-eminent, strong, corporate net profits are still growing by about 13 per cent, stock prices are restored or there is still an incentive to continue to rise under the overall valuation of the bank block, covering for the first time with a 19-year 1.6 times pb valuation.
Risk rises: The economic downturn is expected to lead to an upturn in bad rates, a sharp fall in interest rates to a narrow spread, and a tightening of regulation, leading to market pessimism. The Merchant Bank, established in 1987 at the Shenzhen Snake Port, is the first company in China to have a full corporate share.
The company took the lead in replacing a deposit in 1995 with a “one-carton”; in 2004, the company proposed a “one-time transformation” to develop retail operations, which is a country.
The first bank in the country has established a strong retail business, and as a result it has embarked on a new journey to embrace retail business; a second transformation in 2010 to implement a new strategy to reduce capital consumption, increase the pricing of loans and control financial costs; and a two-pronged strategy in 2014 to deepen previous business outcomes.
To improve profitability, and as the industry is affected by the financial technology wave, companies take the lead in embracing finance technology and improving operational efficiency. With the advantage of years of deep-deep retailing, companies have taken a firm and steady step, one that is clear.
(i) Both end-of-asset and end-of-liabilities have risen, interest-bearing assets have been growing at a slower pace. Since 2019, the average balance of interest-earning assets in 2019h1 has been 6.52 trillion yuan, compared to 6.48 per cent in China.
The size of interest-bearing assets in the banking sector has been constrained by the combined effects of monetary policy, loan reserve interest rates, etc.
The growth rate of the stock bank as a whole is largely in line with that of the five major branches of the state.
At the same time, there is a higher proportion of loans and advances in the interest-bearing asset structure.
-0.7 - 1.4 percentage points. Loans and advances are higher in interest-bearing assets than in share-based banks, except for 63.52 per cent in medium-sized credit banks and less than 60 per cent in all, while the share of loans and advances is constantly increasing and the proportion of funds held in banks and other financial institutions is declining significantly.
Client deposits in the interest-bearing liability structure have increased at a steady rate. 219h1 calls for client deposits in interest-bearing liabilities, bank accounts with partners and other financial institutions, loans to the central bank and increases in the rate of client deposits in key components of the company's interest-bearing liabilities, respectively, resulting in a smoother balance in corporate liabilities.
Average balance of interest-bearing liabilities as a proportion
(ii) The net difference in net interest is at a high level to create high profitability The net difference in net interest and net spreads are at a high level in the share-based banks. The difference in net interest and net gains in the intake of 209h1 is 2.7 per cent, 2.58 per cent, compared to +0.16 and +0.1 per cent, respectively, and is higher in the industry.
The average cost of interest-paying liabilities of other equity-based banks is 2.62 per cent, and the cost of interest-paying liabilities is an important factor in the company’s high net interest differential. Specifically, the cost of the components of interest-paying liabilities is 1.53 per cent higher than the average cost of client deposits of 2019h1, an increase of 0.1 per cent.
The higher share of retail demand deposits, including the sale of repurchase financial assets, results in lower average cost of deposits by clients. In terms of the specific structure of corporate deposits, 2019h1 retail customers regularly, retail customers are on demand, company customers regularly, company customers on demand average
The share is maintained at more than 30%, with retail clients holding current deposits at around 24% for the fourth year in a row. The share of callers is much higher than that of other stock-based banks, and 2019h1 other stock-based banks holding retail current deposits at around 8% to 14%.
The average annualized cost ratio shows that the average annualized cost is lower and relatively stable for company clients, company customers regularly, retail customers regularly, retail customers regularly 0.83 per cent, 2.77 per cent, 0.37 per cent, 2.88 per cent, call deposits on average annualized cost, and the average annualized cost of term deposits is relatively high and close, respectively.
Over the years, there has been increased competitive pressure on deposits, and retailing of customer deposits has been the most important low-cost source of finance. Chart 14 calls for a higher rate of growth in the various components of the deposit structure.
The average balance of loans, retail loans, and discounting notes in the three main components of 2019h1 is 1.78, 6.28 and 3.49 per cent, respectively. Retail lending in the lending structure has increased year by year, while business lending has declined year by year, and the lending structure has been optimized by retail loans and business loans since 2012.
The impact of the spread between the current average annualized rate of return, the average annualized (iii) asset quality of corporate loans and advances as a whole, the adequacy of capital, the decline in the poor rate of lending and the perceived strictness of non-performing loans.
The ring decline of 0.13 percentage points, the historical trend of the company ' s non-performing lending rate remains essentially the same as that of the industry, benefiting from the economic recovery, and the firm ' s poor lending rate has been declining steadily since 2016, which is comparable to the relatively good performance of the partner joint-stock banks; and the default rate of the 2019h1 company ' s loans is 1.56.
The ratio of non-performing loans to loans more than 90 days overdue (1/non-performing loan deviation) was 1.24, well over 1, with lower deviations from non-performing loans from other equity banks, firm non-performing loans recognized more stringently, loan risk deviations were lower and credit risk management was in place.
The provision coverage ratio is much higher than that of other equity banks. 209h1 calls for loan coverage, 394.12 per cent, an increase of 35.94 percentage points in the ring, and the adequacy of the provision for coverage, points, corporate lending ratios are also at a higher level, and there is a greater preparedness to withstand bad debt losses.
Share-based bank provision coverage (%) Share-based bank lending ratio (%)
Sino-Warshire-Pouble Bank, under advanced law, attracts capital adequacy rates of 2019h1 and core-level capital adequacy rates of 15.09 per cent, 11.42 per cent, ring ratio - 0.59, -0.36 percentage points, respectively.
Intra-capital capacity is relatively strong. Portfolio bank capital adequacy rate (%) under the weighting scheme in figure 23, core-level capital adequacy rate under the weighting scheme in figure 24
ii. Retailing position leads the industry and lays a solid foundation for future development (i) Retail business has been active and has become a corporate business focus.
In 2004, the company first recognized retailing as a strategic priority for corporate development and started to promote branding of priority retail products, such as gold sunflowers; in 2010, the company launched a “second transformation” of implicit development to accelerate the development of wealth management in retail operations and deepen retail high-value customers
In 2014, the corporate strategy established retail finance as “one” and corporate finance as “two wings”, increasing the support role of corporate and business “two wings” for retail finance, which will create the best banks, with three major operations: wealth management, micro-finance, consumer finance, etc.
Continue to enhance the value of retail finance; in 2018, companies formally moved to the retail finance 3.0 era, with the "movement priorities and mau arctic indicators" entwining the digital platform function to the full range of retail operations, with the Financial Technology Bank and the "Best Customer Experience Bank" building.
The company has, since it established its strategy to focus on retailing, consolidated retail business development in a strategic, forward-looking and forward-looking manner. The share of profits in entry, pre-tax, increased by 54.48% in the 2019h1 retail business, up by 4.61% in the same year.
The retail business has become a central focus of the company, with the company’s dynamism, and is an important motivation for corporate growth. The efficiency of the retail business has also been enhanced, and retail business has increased.
The cost-to-cost ratio is declining, with the cost-to-revenue ratio for retail operations at 2019h1 being 28.03 per cent, and (ii) the competitive advantage of retail high-quality products has been established through the gradual improvement of the functionality of a multifunctional “one-card-toon” for retail customers.
An easy-to-use service is provided, while a cartoon client is the main customer in the retail business of the company. As of 2019h1, the company has issued a cumulative total of 144 million cartoon debit cards, the Ring + 6.33%, providing a client base for the establishment of retail services for the company.
The group of sunflowers has contributed most of the company’s retail aum (assetundermanage, size of asset management). Since 2005, the company has been focusing on retailing its customers’ financial services on important retail products, “Golden sunflower finance” (a monthly average of the company’s total assets of $500,000 and above).
As of 2019h1, the number of customers in the company has reached 2.554 million, an 8.33% increase in the ring.
The total assets of the above clients are 589 million yuan, the ring ratio + 6.9%, and the share of the aum with retail aum is 81.12%.
The credit card business has accumulated a significant advantage. The company’s accumulated volume of cards has been the top shareholder for the last two years, and the number of company credit cards and negotiable cards has risen sharply, with 2019h1 companies with 9061.04 million cards, 61,34.31 million negotiable households, and a large group of effective credit card users.
It is much higher than other state-owned and stock-based banks; in terms of the quality of credit card operations, corporate credit card failures are also lower than those of other large credit card companies, with a 1.3% rating of 209h1, with private banking leading the way.
Retail clients in the US dollar and above started their development in 2007 and were one of the first private banking banks to operate in the country. The number of private bankers in the company 2019h1 has reached 7.82 million, or 7.28%; the total assets of private clients in charge of the business are 2.16 trillion yuan, or 5.97%.
Private banks of companies require the highest RMB asset threshold compared to business, while the number of private bankers is lower than the number of constructions, workers and comptoirs in the four major banks, but private banks of companies are ranked first in terms of managing customer assets, highlighting the strong competitiveness of the company ' s private banking products and services system, and company formation.
High-end customer service networks, investment systems, etc. (iii) Financial technology transitions have led the industry again to embrace finance technology over time. Banking is facing cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, etc.
The upgrading transition driven by new technologies has reshaped lending, payment settlements, wealth management, Internet banking, etc. in the traditional banking industry, ushering in a new era of digitalization, intelligence, open banking. The transition began in 2017, when it began, and began to embrace finance technology at its core.
The new business model, which opens up the digital upgrading of service models, marketing models, wind control models and transport models in retail operations, fundamentally further improves client experience and operational efficiency. In 2018, companies took the lead in the industry in proposing a “full-scale creditless” of all networks to achieve full “cardless”
Management; also, through the financial data platform, effective controls against fraud in retail finance have been enhanced. In recent years, companies have increased their investment in science and technology as the transformation strategy advanced, with 2019h1 companies investing $6,502 million in information technology, or +35.17%, providing a source for the transformation of the Financial Science and Technology Bank.
App Clients' Business Platform works well. Companies operate their banking and credit card services separately through the two main retail electronic channels: "Book for Business", "Book for Life" and "Book for Life", respectively.
The company's clients are ranked first in terms of size and activity, with 209h1 in size, and 4582.63 million monthly job offers, respectively, through the company's credit card.
The amount of fee-for-money financial transactions has accounted for nearly half of the consumer finance of corporate credit card operations, the platform covers food and clothing, and several sub-areas, such as housing, and multiple scenarios, have become important platforms for the digital transformation of corporate retailing.
Operating income amounted to $138,301 million, compared to +9.64 per cent, and the company ' s growth-rate ratio declined but remained positive at a relatively large base, with a slowdown in the share of net interest to net non-interest income, which represented a decline in the share of non-interest net income received in the first half of the year.
In the long run, the share of net non-interest income has risen considerably. The profit rate is higher than the Roe level.
Good growth; 2019h1 net profit of 86.808 billion yuan, or +14.16%. The company’s profitability has outperformed its colleagues with good profit growth, and the company’s 2019h1roe level has been marked by a premium.
As of 20 December, the Pb valuation premium rate had increased compared to the equivalent of 121.45 per cent and 87.72 per cent, respectively, in the case of joint-stock banks and State-owned banks; since January 2016, the rate has been 7.67 per cent, and the rate is far better than the 300 index for the banking sector as a whole.
Recruitment has maintained a net spread advantage through low-cost liabilities in well-established retail operations, retailing, high customer stickyness, and although future deposits will be more competitive, interest rate poles will further reduce the advantage of a weak firm with a high net profit margin, companies will retain this advantage in the short term, through retail operations.
Accompanies good profitability and high-quality development. Firms operate well, with indicators that are fully compliant with regulatory requirements, assets of good quality, and risk-resistant.
Retail ecology, which still has a strong pre-emptive advantage in receiving customers, their ability to operate, and upgrading their experiences, also stimulates the next round of corporate growth. Currently, at 1.7 times the company pb, it is expected that the net profits of 2019 companies will continue to grow by about 13%, with stock prices being restored or retained under the overall valuation of the bank plate.
Continuing up momentum, covering for the first time, with a 19-year 1.6-fold pb valuation, with an “upgrade” rating. The economic downturn has led to a rise in bad rates, a sharp fall in interest rates to narrow spreads, and a tightening of regulation, which has led to the company’s qualification in portfolio investment consultancy business approved by the CVM.
Portfolio investment advisory operations are activities in which institutions and their consultants acquire relevant qualifications issued by regulatory authorities to provide portfolio investment information, analysis, forecasting or advice to portfolio investors or customers, and to charge direct or indirect service charges. Data are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and aims to be unique.