les.
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Shennan Circuits (002916 CH)
HOLD (Maintain)
Near-term cost pressure remains overhang; Maintain HOLD
Target Price
RMB97.8
(Previous TP
RMB129.1)
Up/Downside
+6%
We hosted a NDR call with Shennan mgmt, this week, and investors mainly
Current Price
RMB92.46
focused on 5G telecom demand, laminate cost pressure, IDC/auto segments and
capacity expansion. For FY20, Shennan reported revenue of RMB11.9bn (10%
China Technology Sector
YoY) and net profit of RMB1.4bn (16% YoY), in-line with our/consensus estimates,
mainly driven by 8%/33% YoY growth in PCB/IC substrate and 4% YoY decline
Lily Yang
in PCBA. Looking into 2021, we expect PCB/PCBA to grow 15%/5% thanks to
telecom recovery and improving product mix, while IC substrate will grow at 19%
YoY on strong demand and supply tightness. We revised down our FY21/22E
Alex Ng
EPS by 18/14% to reflect cost pressure and lower ASP, and adjusted our TP to
RMB97.8 based on lower 30x FY21E P/E. Maintain HOLD.
Positive outlook for PCB demand on 5G rollout recovery and improved
product mix. With 60% telecom exposure, PCB/PCBA segment delivered
Stock Data
weaker growth of +8%/-4% YoY in FY20, given slower 5G BTS build-out in
2H20 after a strong ramp in 1H20, while IDC/auto products grew 58%/50%
YoY. Looking into 2021, we believe PCB segment will regain its strength as
1) China 5G deployment will reaccelerate in 1H21E (3rd batch 5G BTS
tender in Mar-Apr) and overseas demand is recovering as COVID-19 is
easing; 2) Nantong (2nd phase) is expected to reach its full capacity this
year and 3) product mix will continue to improve as auto/server demand
remains strong.
Capacity expansion on track for IC substrate segment. Shennan's IC
Source: Bloomberg
substrate clients mainly come from MEMS, fingerprint sensor, memory
Share Performance
segments (30%/20%+/20%+ of substrate rev). As 2020 was a big year for
semiconductor, IC substrate segment grew 33% YoY, and we expect strong
momentum will continue into 2021 given solid demand and recent supply
tightness. Mgmt. expect capacity of Wuxi plant will reach full utilization in 1H22E.
Source: Bloomberg
Maintain HOLD with new TP of RMB97.8. We trimmed FY21-22E EPS by
12-mth Price Performance
14-18% for lower ASP/margin assumptions, and reduced our TP to
RMB97.8 based on lower 30.0x FY21E P/E (vs prior 32.4x). We maintain
HOLD and expect near-term pressure on the stock due to 1) price pressure
on PCB de-spec for 700MHz 5G BTS and 2) rising laminate cost starting
from late 1Q21E. Potential risks include lower 5G CAPEX from telco and
raw material cost hike.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: Grant Thornton CPA
Recent Report:
China 5G Technology - Picking
structural winners amid uncertainties:
FY20 Results Review
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Figure 2: FY20 results review (Quarterly)
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Earnings Revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 4: CMBIS estimates vs consensus
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Valuation
We maintain HOLD and adjust TP to RMB97.8 based on lower 30.0x FY21E P/E (vs prior
32x). Upcoming catalysts include 1) upcoming catalysts include 3rd phase of 5G BTS
tenders and 2) operators' 2021 capex budget.
Risks include 1) continued price increase in upstream materials, 2) de-spec of 5G BTS and
3) less-than-expected demand from Telecom and Datacom operators.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
Disclaimer
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) have investment banking relationship with the issuers covered in this report in preceding 12 months.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS does not
provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or its affiliate(s)
to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any
transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense
whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report
does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIS
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices
and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or
conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment
decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of
its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this
report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any
responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published
in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.