The first half of the year was ac-hib3 and a four-priced Hpv vaccine sales.
60.83 per cent. Four-price hpv, the core driver of current performance, has now been awarded in 29 provinces and municipalities, with 2.625 million approved in the first half of the year, and is expected to reach 4.5 million throughout the year, contributing 540 million dollars in profits. The sale of the ac-hib triple seedlings has been steadily increased, the nine-price hpv vaccine has been rapidly marketed, the five-priced rotation vaccine has been approved, and the potential for performance has been realized over time.
\triangleright While sales of existing varieties are steadily advancing, the company is expected to accelerate the deployment of new varieties, and its performance potential is expected to materialize quickly.
The process, which has been promoted in the provinces by the company’s agency, has now won the bid in five provinces and cities, including Hainan, Guangdong, Zhejiang, which has so far received 106,000 awards, and is expected to issue over 1 million awards a year, contributing more than 200 million dollars in profits. The five-priced rotation vaccine, which was certified as an imported drug on 19 April, has now won the bid in two provinces and cities, and is expected to contribute up to $500 million in the future.
The company will continue to increase its research and development efforts during the reporting period. With regard to the nodule industry, the cow branch bacterium vaccine (infected by tuberculosis) has been submitted for production and is now on the priority review list and is expected to be marketed this year; the diagnostic reagent ec has completed phase 3.
Clinical, expected to be on the market by the end of the year or early in the year, with an annual income of more than 2 billion; reorganisation of the Tuberculosis Vaccine Service; clinical clearance of Bcg-ppd in the first phase of clinical, frozen BCG; and, through accurate immunization of the infected population of three types of tuberculosis, future companies are expected to take the lead in the field of tuberculosis in the country.
The clinical stage of the clinical preparations for the influenza fissure vaccine, the 15-price combination of pneumonia vaccine and the frozen dry rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) is at the clinical stage, and the 23-price combination of dysentery vaccine and multi-sugar vaccine for pneumonia are at the clinical stage.
The company’s three-mode, four-priced hpv vaccine continues to be released, and the nine-priced Hpv vaccine and the five-priced rotation vaccine bring significant performance ammunition. The product sales are below expectations; research and development progress is below expectations; and industry risks.
Bed, the chain layout of the nodule industry is steadily moving forward.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Yuan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, University of Technology, Hong Kong, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,