Prospective procurement agreement for five-priced rotavirus vaccine, exclusive product of five-priced rotavirus vaccine, market space: the current major sales worldwide
We have only one company that produces rotaviruses in the country, with a winning price of $172 per cent. Mercadon's rotavirus is a recommenced live vaccine, which targets children aged between 6 and 32 years.
In 2006, Meshadong's five-priced virus vaccine was successfully marketed in the United States for the second year, selling more than $500 million, and thereafter maintaining sales of more than $600 million per year. The procurement agreement was over-expected, and the market for five-priced vaccine replacement rotavirus vaccine was vast: this was signed.
Prior procurement agreements (approximately 350 million yuan in the first year of listing, increased from year to year, sales and sales of the vaccine from 9 million schillings in the State of Lan reached its peak in 2013, with 10 million copies issued.
We believe that a five-priced product can be replaced by a market, with the ability of smart-ass organisms to sell, and that a purchase agreement can be completed and a successful sale can be achieved.
(c) The 9-priced Hpv vaccine in Mercado has also given proxy sales power to Ji Fei-Bing, the 1st and 1st Tian Fei-Bio Incident.
The product is primarily aimed at women aged 16-26, and according to the data from the sixth census, the female population in that age group was estimated at 100 million. If the penetration rate reached 10 per cent, three shots per person, 3,000 points.
In the thousands of stock market spaces, we believe that Henan's sales price of $1298 per cent would be lower than our Hpv vaccine, that the company's product would have a reasonable gradient, that his region would be selling at about $1400 per cent, and that the rest of the area would be selling at around $30 million.
Quarterly reviews: 4-price hpv overlays, 42.2 per cent boosted company performance, 42.2 per cent of new output; net profits attributable to parent companies amounted to 1,630 million yuan, 2,251 million yuan and 3,136 million yuan.
We believe that the company's products are excellent, heavy-pound products have been rolled out, and that the long-term growth of the Chinese, Chinese, and Chinese T-shirts has been supported by the long-term growth of the Twilight Bioevents. The company's marketing capabilities are strong, and its channels are clearly superior.
Review: The five-priced Rotavirus vaccine is on the market, and the company's future performance can increase over a period of time.
On 9 July, the company issued a public announcement identifying contracts for the procurement of five-priced rotavirus vaccines: 2018-2021.
The five-priced rotavirus vaccine is the exclusive product of Mossatón, with the Twisdom as China’s overall agent. Rotary virus infections, mostly among infants and young children aged 6-24 months, usually cause diarrhoea, with fatal gastrointestinal inflammation, dehydration, and electrolysis. Every year, about 13 million infants and young children suffer from rotavirus inflammation and gastrointestinal inflammation, nearly 40,000.
Child deaths from diarrhea due to rotavirus, which accounts for about 12% of the total deaths of children under 5 years of age in China, are now listed as one of the “four diseases” of the country's priorities.
Vaccines. The only company in the country that produces rotaviruses is Lanzhou, with a winning price of $172.00.
Now, among similar products under study, the fastest is the three-priced Rotavirus vaccine in Lanzhou. But Mercerton's five-priced product is more priced, more product is better, combined with the powerful marketing capabilities of smart-flying organisms, whose products we believe will be in the future.
2. The procurement agreement was over-expected, the five-priced vaccine replacement rotational virus vaccine market was widely available for the issuance of 7.6 million vaccines a year before the Shandong vaccine incident, and we believe that the five-priced seed product is better, that there is a desire to achieve market substitution, that there is an excellent marketing capacity for smart-flying organisms, and that the procurement agreement can be completed and realized.
In 2017, a total of 4.7 million batch issuances of the ac-hib triple seedlings were the main driving force behind the growth in corporate income. The ac-hib vaccine was a substitute for a variety of single-guide vaccines, with the total number of injections falling from 8 to 4.
We expect that the product will continue to grow at a high rate in 2018, with sales reaching 6 million and sales revenues exceeding $1.2 billion. The company’s 4-priced Hpv vaccine, which is currently being sold, is now offering about 3 million copies, thus speculating that the product will be released this year.
Women aged, according to the Demographic Yearbook, have about 160 million women in this age group, and the market space is still larger. If the penetration rate of this segment of the population is 10%, there are about 48 million market spaces in the market, and the 9-priced Hpv vaccine in Mercado is also being considered, and the product is primarily aimed at the smart-flying creature.
Women between 16 and 26 years of age, based on the data from the sixth census, are estimated to have a population of about 100 million, if the sale price is lower than in the rest of the country, and in other areas it is around 1400 yuan. The market space generated by 30 million yuan is 42 billion yuan.
We believe that the company’s products are excellent, heavy-pound products are rolled out, and there is a wealth of research and support for medium- and long-term growth. The company’s marketing capacity is strong, and the channel advantage is clear.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board