Two varieties drive rapid growth in company performance.
\triangleright’s performance in the first half of the year benefited from a four-priced Hpv vaccine, which has been growing at a high rate. At the beginning of 2018 to date, it has received a total of 2,625,000 grants, won in 29 provinces and cities, at a fast-tracking stage, and is expected to exceed its sales throughout the year.
4.5 million, contributing net profits of more than 540 million: 6 million sales are expected in 19 years. The traditional pillar product, ac-hib, has continued to grow steadily, with 2.7960 million vials approved so far at the beginning of the year, and is expected to accelerate the release of a nine-priced Hpv vaccine in 18 and 19 years, respectively, to build future performance elasticity.
\triangleright, supported by national policy, the nine-priced hpv vaccine was completed in January only after submission of the import registration application on 20 April.
On 1 May, the company signed an agreement with Mercerton to obtain a nine-priced Hpv vaccine agent to facilitate the bidding process in the provinces, with the first 6022 doses currently issued and the first vaccinations in Hainan. The nine- and four-priced vaccines cover women between 16 and 45 years of age, creating a complementary age ladder and consolidating the company’s domestic cervical cancer prevention market.
Cow branch bacterium vaccine (used in combination with infected populations) is included in the priority review, and pipelines are being developed during the harvest period. The company is well placed in the area of tuberculosis prevention and detection.
The inclusion of the priority review list on 5 June was a major milestone for the company in the area of nodules; this product is expected to be approved in the second half of the year, assuming a 20 per cent positive infection rate of 48 million doses for the total of 40 million people attending school and for the partial self-censorship; in addition, the accompanying diagnostic reagent ec has been clinically completed and frozen.
The recombinant tuberculosis vaccine has entered a clinical phase, and bcg-ppd is in the clinical processing phase. In addition to the nodules, the five-price rotasis seedlings have been officially approved and are expected to be marketed at the end of the year, with a future space of nearly 2 billion; 15-price pneumonia combined vaccine, the two-priced vaccine for the sodium dysentery of the Fossnium, and the frozen dry rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) all have clinical batches: adsorb to cellless cells.
The company’s three-size and four-priced Hpv vaccine continues to be released, the nine-priced Hpv vaccine is progressing rapidly, and its performance is flexible, forming a ladder with a mother-size layout that can effectively support its valuation and maintain a “very recommended” rating.
Product sales are below expectations: R & D is not progressing as expected.
Intelligent Biologicals (300122): Distribution of Land, 3. Intelligent Biologicals (300122): Targeting nine-priced Hpv vaccine agent, Re-emerging Performance Growth
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Yuan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, University of Technology, Hong Kong, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,