Twisdom Beast (300122): Hpv vaccine rapid release, sustained high growth Recommended (first) pharmaceutical organisms
During the reporting period, company-owned vaccines achieved operating income of $563 million, an increase of 36.5 per cent over the same period; net profits of $254 million, an increase of 44.36 per cent over the same period.
About 2.4 million, the ac-hib vaccine as the company’s exclusive species is still at high speed and long-term, with a year-round sales of about 5 million. 4-priced Hpv vaccine rapid release, 9-priced Hpv vaccine, and so on, in the second half of the year.
During the reporting period, corporate agent products achieved operating income of $1,470 million, which was the main driver of growth in company performance. During the reporting period, the 4-priced Hpv vaccine was issued in a batch amount of 2.62 million, with actual sales of about 1.8 million, and the 4-priced Hpv vaccine was fully available.
During the reporting period, the 9-priced Hpv vaccine was issued in a batch of 6022, which is now in place in 5 provincial units, and is expected to be released quickly in the second half of the year as local tenders progress. During the reporting period, the five-priced virus vaccine has been in use since April of this year.
Since obtaining an import certificate for medicines, two provincial units have been awarded a five-priced virus vaccine, which will fill the gap in the country's multi-priced virus vaccine, and it is expected that it will be officially marketed in the second half of the year.
The research and development project was well under way. During the reporting period, the company was working on a total of 22 projects, of which the cow sub-bubble vaccine (preventive microcard) was officially introduced in June this year into the Drug Review Centre of the National Drug Control Service, which gave priority to the use of rabies vaccine for dry people.
The application for a clinical trial for the use of BCG in Pine was approved, the application for a group of 100 white-collar vaccines was accepted, and the company was working on a successful project.
The report is made by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not treat recipients as customers because they receive this report.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.