Net profits grew by 297 per cent, heavy-pound companies operated well, and there was much room for future performance growth.
Of the Division’s current products, the most significant contributions to company performance are the autonomous product Triple and the 4-priced hpv vaccine. In the first half of 2018, the company issued 2.8 million triple seedlings, an increase of 53 per cent. We believe that 1.5 million are expected to be issued in the second half of the year.
The price of Hpv has been set in 29 provincial units across the country, with 2.62 million approved in the first half of the year. According to the purchase agreement, 4-priced Hpv vaccines for Mossatung were purchased in 2018, amounting to 1,372 million yuan. If the Māori rate is 50 per cent, it will be sold.
Based on the company's current sales, sales are expected to reach 5 million a year. So we're guessing that in the second half of the year, the smart-flying creature will buy more from Mossad.
9-priced hpv vaccine and 5-priced rotavirus vaccine are going to be rolled out and will be performed on behalf of the company in the future: 9-priced hpv vaccine has been awarded in five provincial units and 5-priced rotavirus vaccine has been administered.
After winning the bid in two provincial units, the bidding, promotion and marketing of the above-mentioned products were carried out as planned. According to data from the sixth census, the female population in that age group is estimated to be 100 million. If the penetration rate is 10 per cent and the injection rate is 3 per person, the market is 30 million.
In this case, the winning price in the currently winning provinces is 1298 yuan/approach. The market space for 30 million vaccines is 39 billion yuan. The five-priced metrovirus vaccine is another product of the agent of the smart-flying creature, and the purchase agreements that have been signed are clear: 2.47, 6.5, and 2.021 for 2018-2021.
The successful price of $280 per purchase agreement for rotational viral vaccines will sell 1.6 million products this year. The product procurement peaks at $2.3 billion in 2021 and 8 million in sales.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to be a parent net from 2018 to 2020.
The Hpv vaccine, which has a reasonable gradient in corporate products, is excellent, heavy-pound products are rolled out successively, is rich in products and supports medium- and long-term growth. The public sector has a strong marketing capability, with clear channel advantages. We therefore maintain an “uptake” rating.
Quarterly reviews: Four-price hpv plus uncertainty of risk events. 3G boosts company performance and new production.
Figure 1: Revenues and net profits from the operation of the Twilight Bio 2013-2018h1 (millions of dollars) II. Our point is that the triple seedlings are growing steadily, with a 4-priced Hpv vaccine sales and a 5-priced rotavirus vaccine and a 9-priced vaccine.
hpv vaccine sales are moving forward and corporate performance is increasing at a high rate of certainty.1 The company ' s H3S and 4-priced Hpv vaccines are growing at a high rate of first-half years, resulting in high performance elasticity. Of the company ' s existing products, the products that contribute most to company performance are autonomous H3S and 4-price hpv
In the first half of 2018, the company issued 2.8 million Hmongs, an increase of 53 per cent. We believe that 4-price hpv has been awarded in 29 provincial units across the country, with 2.62 million in the last half of the year. According to the Procurement Agreement, 4-priced Hpv vaccine for Mossatun was purchased in 2018.
50% of the sales are at $2.7 billion. The price of Hpv is $798 per penny, selling 3.38 million in 2018 in accordance with the requirements of the purchase agreement. Based on the company’s current sales, sales are expected to reach 5 million a year.
The spread of the 9-priced Hpv vaccine and the 5-priced Rotavirus vaccine has been successful, and the 9-priced Hpv vaccine has been awarded to five provincial units, while the 5-priced Rotavirus vaccine has been awarded to two provincial units, and the bidding, promotion and sale of these products have been actively advanced as planned.
In the first half of the year, the price of hpv was 6022. The product was mainly targeted at women aged 16-26, and according to the data from the sixth census, the female population in that age group was estimated at 100 million, with a penetration rate of 10% and a shot of three shots per person, leaving 30 million stock market spaces, and the winning price in the currently winning provinces was around $1298.
30 million pieces of market space is 39 billion yuan. The five-priced Rotavirus vaccine is another product of the wise-flying biological agent, and the purchase agreements that have been signed are now clear: $247 million, 6.5, 949 million and 1.3 billion for 2018-2021, compared to the previous purchase agreements (first on the market).
3. The decline in the Māori rate as a result of product restructuring and the decline in sales and management costs as a result of the increase in revenue are mainly due to changes in the structure of smart-assed bioproducts, mainly on behalf of changes in the product structure based on autonomous products. With the large sale of 4-priced hpv vaccines, the share of agency products in revenue has gradually increased, while the Māori ratio of agent products has increased significantly.
The net interest rate has remained largely unchanged, as the company’s ability to channel and the marketing and extension costs have not increased by the same proportion, and sales costs have declined. Companies have a leading marketing network in the industry, covering a wide range of deep-end institutions, and are now covered by the company.
In 30 provinces, more than 300 municipalities, more than 2,600 districts, and more than 24,000 primary health-care centres (inoculation sites, community clinics). Moreover, direct coverage of vaccination sites by sales personnel is conducive to personalization and stable customer relations.
We believe that the company’s products are excellent, that heavy-pound products have been rolled out successively, and that they are abundant and supportive of medium- and long-term growth. The company’s marketing capacity is strong, with clear channel advantages.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board