KIFO (300122) Health care pharmaceuticals, biosciences and life sciences show strong elasticity and poor expectations in the value of pipelines
Events: The company publishes 18-month-old reports, with 18h1 operating income of $2072 million, which contributes to elasticity at the same speed as the hpv, ac-hib releases. The 18h1 operating income of $2,072 million is consistently released and the four-priced hpv is in short supply, and the hpv is more profitable than expected.
Income from autonomous products is 563 million yuan, with a net profit of 254 million yuan; income from proxy products is 1.47 billion yuan, with a net profit of 428 million yuan. 1) The three seedlings continue to be released and are affected by vaccine events, with a combined seedling sale of approximately 2.45 million pieces, contributing about 230 million net profits (17 sales for the entire year about 4 million dollars).
Total equity/flow (million shares) 10,000; 2) hpv terminals in short supply, higher profitability, higher Hpv single smart-flying organisms (300122) 5-priced round procurement
By mid-August, the four-priced hpv has been issued at approximately 3.43 million.
Ji-fui Bien (300122) Super-expected, piped up, estimated to be about 800,000 sales for the year as a whole, contributing about 180 million net profits (as of mid-August, nine-priced hpv bulk issuances were about 106,000). Cervical cancer vaccine is similar to medical beauty.
The September Nuclear Summit is expected to accelerate domestic integration.
The idea of a vaccine plate: the industry will be further regulated from the R & D, production, and marketing stages.
1) Type I seedlings are almost non-productive, are compulsory and free of charge by the Government, almost all of them are produced in the country, and consumers - 2018/05/13 rarely ask for the type I seedlings imported (priced and unattended).
Ji Fei Bian (300122) " 9-priced Hpv vaccine generation 2) Type II seedlings are subject to a short-term decline in the willingness to be vaccinated at the end, requiring observation of time and range, and I'm rationally leading the domestic Hpv market on an ongoing basis. "
They judge that the impact is smaller than expected in the market and that recovery is faster. And the medium- and long-term logic remains the same – underdemand, consumption rises, the survival of new vaccine taps will benefit in the medium and long term, and the smart-flying creature (300122) has significantly increased its performance.
In view of the second type of seedlings, the need for vaccinations is greater than the “violent aesthetics” logic of an optional vaccine, which initially suggests that the overall demand recovery will not be slow, but that the “under-demand” vaccine is in place.
The short-term impact is mainly on “consumption-upgrading” new vaccine theme reports: "The Right to Life, The High R & D Pipeline, "The Triple Sphere & Hpv & 5 Pneumonia Prevention Microcard & 15 Pneumonia"
& Three Generations of Elevation has fallen short of expectations. The exclusive ac-hib benefits gradually replaced the heb monolith, ac combinations, which are expected to contribute more than 1.1 billion net profits; the Hpv vaccine (9 + expected to be marketed and expected to contribute more than 500 million net profits after a steady state; and the heavy pound variety is well under way.
A million dollars, a 1 billion dollars net profit; a 21-year market for the three-generation Elves, a peak sales forecast, a profit forecast and an investment proposal. Top sales, a breakthrough, an 18-year market, a 200 billion market value in the medium term. Markets are aware of Ji Fei's ability to sell, but they ignore corporate power.
Large product lines (own + agent) with the prospect of a breakthrough of the first 5 billion net profit biopharmaceuticals in the vaccine industry will open up long-term growth space and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report