On July 6th, the company issued an announcement that adults and newborns of the wholly-owned subsidiary, Ji Feilongcoma, would be using frozen dry skins.
The number of tuberculosis patients in the country is among the highest in the world. According to the survey, there are currently 550 million tuberculosis infections in the country, with nearly 1 million new cases of tuberculosis each year, more than 2,000 tuberculosis deaths, a large base of patients and low treatment rates.
Moreover, the expansion of drug-resistant nodules has made treatment for tuberculosis difficult and costly. Vaccine immunization has thus become the most cost-effective means of combating tuberculosis.
BCG is currently the only tuberculosis vaccine that is widely used worldwide and has proven effective in reducing the risk of tuberculosis in children. In terms of the protection effects of adults, 18 BCG randomly contrasted clinical studies conducted up to 1988 show that BCG protections are better in areas with low rates of infection or low test positive rates of nodule microcosms, and are therefore expected to be in areas where there are no positive results.
The unit has a good protective effect on the adult population infected with tuberculosis when compared to the 300-degree trend.
Prosthetic cloning techniques avoid the creation of mutative microbacterials to manage quality control and production while being better protected. The whole industry chain is being tested for nodule immunization.
Afterwards, diagnostic reagents for the three main groups of people who are positive after BCG vaccinations, and the introduction of precision vaccinations for the three groups. Currently, the listing application for the hen sub-couplebacter vaccine (for those infected with tuberculosis) for the population with the latent infection of nodules was added to the priority review list on 5 June and is expected to be approved in the second half of this year, assuming that it will be used
In the 40 million people enrolled in school and in the partially autonomous population, the high-positive infection rate was 20%, corresponding to 48 million doses; the freezed recombinant tuberculosis vaccine has entered a clinical phase; and the company has been fully cleared in the field of tuberculosis immunization, in addition to this clinical application for the frozen dry skin injection of BCG. In the field of testing, the internal diagnostic reagent ec has been completed.
Beds are expected to be on the market by the end of this year or early next year; bcg-ppd is at the clinical processing stage; the two varieties combine to effectively identify BCG vaccinations and maintain positive, dark, or tuberculosis substrate infections. By preventing the entire production chain from being tested, companies are expected to become leaders in the field of nodules in the future, with full synergy and great scope for growth.
The company ' s three-tier, four-priced Hpv vaccine continues to be released, with a nine-price Hpv vaccine providing significant performance elasticity, tuberculosis immunization and 28 x; the company ' s subsequent variety layout forms a ladder that effectively supports its valuation and maintains a "very recommended" rating.
Product sales are not as high as expected; R & D is not as advanced as expected.
Twiss Flying Biology (300122): Issuance of Releases, Summary of Data Forecasts of Corporate Financial Statements, Yuan Shuping, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, Hong Kong University of Technology, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.