5-priced round purchases for health-care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences, with peaks expected to contribute more than 500 million net profits.
Incidents: In recent days, the company announced that the proxy species had purchased five-priced rotavirus vaccines: 18-21 peaked at over 3 million copies, with a 20 per cent net interest rate that could contribute more than 500 million net profits, in line with our expectations, slightly out of market expectations.
At the end of the demand: 5.15 million, or about 2 million, of the total amount of vaccine issued in the last three years. The five-priced cycle can replace at least all of the single-priced products, and the sales are expected to exceed 3 million.
JIFO (300122) "Perfect expectations, tube lines, peaks can contribute more than 500 million net profits."
The Nuclear Summit, held in September, is expected to accelerate the domestic deployment of a rich R & D pipeline, which is known as "Triple Mactules and Hpv and Five Price Rotation & Prevention of Pneumonia with Microcards and 15 Prices."
A set of policies - 2018/06/04 - Three Generations of Madges - will contribute 8 billion net profits and the market still has huge expectations.
(ac-hib benefits gradually replaced the heb monolith, ac combination, which is expected to contribute more than 1.1 billion net profits; Process & Pricing is expected to contribute more than 3 billion net profits from the peak of the Hpv (nine plus four) vaccine; five-price rotavirus
- 2018/05/13 Vaccination 18q3-q4 is expected to be marketed, with a steady state expected to contribute more than 500 million net profits; in the study of the Nine Prices of Hpv vaccine generation by Ji Fei Bien (300122)
Heavy-pound varieties are equally excellent, ec diagnostic+preventive microcards are expected to be approved in 19 years, 3 million after steady state, contributing 1 billion net profits; three generations of ecstasy are expected to be on the market for 21 years, with the expectation of peak sales
The best sales, the first breakthroughs, the growth of the Bulls, 18 years, the market's worth of hundreds of billions, and the mid-term market value of 200 billion. Markets are aware of Ji Fei's ability to sell, but they ignore the company's powerful product lines (own + agent) and the vaccine industry is expected to be the first.
Breaking up will open up long-term growth space and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Five-priced round purchases are down, and peaks are expected to contribute more than 500 million net profits.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.