Intelligent (300122) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Biotech and Life Sciences perform beyond expectations, and pipe value is far from promising.
H1 net profit of $670-71 million, an increase of 290-315%, an increase of $690 million, and a supermarket projection. The main reason is the continued release of the core three seedlings and the four-priced hpv.
) Issuance of batches to ensure adequate supply; 2) hpv appointments are hot, supply is in short supply, and profitability is higher: an estimated 1.9 million copies of h1 are expected to be sold, contributing about 360 million net profits, while other autonomous and proxy vaccines contribute about 70 million net profits.
The beauty products, which can be transmitted orally among the female population, are rapidly released, and the company's performance is sustained. The new vaccine, the “violent aesthetics” logic, is being implemented on a quarterly basis.
See the end page for a detailed breakdown of performance and projections. Tuberculosis Summit, September, promising to add a wealth of research and development pipelines, “3-modes & hpv & five-priced rotation & microcard & 15-price pneumonia prevention”
Rapid domestic policy packages - 2018/06/04 Three Generations of Madges - will contribute 8 billion net profits and the market still has a huge gap in expectations.
(ac-hib benefits gradually replaced heb monoliths, ac combinations, which are expected to contribute more than 1.1 billion net profits; standard processes & pricing are expected to exceed expectations, and the peak of Hpv vaccine (nine plus four) is expected to contribute more than 3 billion net profits; five-price rotavirus
Vaccination 18q3-q4 is expected to be marketed and more than 500 million net profits are expected after steady state; and in the study of the nine-price hpv disease (300122), the ec diagnostic + prophylactic microcards are expected to be approved in 19 years, after steady state.
Xiao Xiao has landed and continues to lead the country's Hpv municipalities by 3 million, contributing 1 billion net profits; the three-generation Elevities are expected to be on the market for 21 years, with the expectation of peak sales
The best sales, the first breakthroughs, the growth of the Bulls, 18 years, the market's worth of hundreds of billions, and the mid-term market value of 200 billion. Markets are aware of Ji Fei's ability to sell, but they ignore the company's powerful product lines (own + agent) and the vaccine industry is expected to be the first.
Breaking, opening up long-term growth space and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report