The M.B.P. (300122) was slightly over-expected, with a high rate of growth in home-grown + proxy heavy-pound varieties in South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
The company reported a median performance of $692 million, with slightly higher market expectations. The growth in the company’s high performance was mainly due to the release of core products, which were around 1 billion people, and would be growing at a high rate over the next three years: the company’s sole agent’s oral five-priced round vaccine:
The company’s performance, driven by heavy weight products, is expected to continue to exceed expectations. The company has a whole product line for the diagnosis + prevention + treatment of tuberculosis, with market space ranging from 3 to 5 billion yuan in volume.
The company announced that approximately 550 million people in the country were infected with tuberculosis bacterium, and that the number of people who were exposed to it was given specific conditions: the diagnostic company had a new diagnostic reagent for ec that had completed three stages of clinical treatment, and the company had a microcard product that had already been placed on the market. This time, the vaccine was included in the priority review, mainly for the prevention of tuberculosis poles.
Tuberculosis occurs in the population of ltbi (diagnosed positive at ppd and positive at ec.) At present there are approximately 250 million people in the country with bacterium. Under the tuberculosis elimination strategy, tuberculosis screening is expected to result in a mandatory check-up programme for students enrolled in high schools and universities at the beginning of each year, and about 20 million students are enrolled in high schools and universities.
There are also more than 100 million people examined each year, of whom 10 million are assumed to be screened, totalling 30 million. Assuming that the cost of testing is 50 yuan per person, the corresponding market space is 1.5 billion yuan. Considering the 20% of the population covered, that is, 6 million people, assuming a 20% vaccination rate, 1.2 million people, and the vaccination procedure is 6 stitches per person.
The price of a 9-priced hpv vaccine is estimated at 2000-3000 yuan per person, corresponding to a preventive market space of 2,436 billion yuan, and a combined market space of 3-5 billion yuan for detection + prevention. The next three years will see an outbreak of growth, high growth, low valuation, and a “buy-in” rating.
1. Smart Flying Organisms (300122): Nodules vaccine is proposed to be included in a merit-based review to sell 3 billion grade heavyweight products at less than expected risk; the lack of supply of Mercado vaccine leads to a risk of stock-outs.
Twissflies (300122): The 9-priced Hpv vaccine is on the market, and the performance of the next three years will be much higher than expected.
The city is ahead of schedule, with a massive outbreak of performance 4. Ji Fei Beast (300122): agent 9-priced Hpv vaccine outbreak for United Nations seedlings and cervical cancer (2018-04-26)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.