Teen Foo Bian (300122) Medical medicine, biotech and life sciences ec diagnostic reports received and joint micro-cards built the strongest tuberculosis treatment system
Events: In recent days, the company announced that it would be able to reorganize the production of the collusive bacterium (ec) declaration, that we expect that ec will be included in the priority review, that the listing process will be accelerated, and that it is expected to be marketed early in 19 years, and that the joint microcard (preventive plus therapeutic) will build the most robust system of tuberculosis diagnosis.
In 2016, the number of tuberculosis cases in the country was about 830,000, the incidence rate was 61.7 million, the number of deaths from tuberculosis was about 2,500, and the slow decline in the tuberculosis epidemic was about two points: 1)
There is currently a lack of a high-value screening method to screen those infected with Bacillus bacterium tuberculosis (ltbi); 2) there is a lack of an effective vaccine to prevent tuberculosis in adults.
BCG inoculations and ltbi, so the pd pseudo-testing is not usually limited in the screening of ltbi.v - Disturbances detectors are very sensitive and specific, but have a higher price of total equity/flow (millions of shares)
The diagnosing reagents are new IBM 69,120/37,548 infection screening methods, which distinguish between BCG and ltbi, and the clinical results show that they are tested.
52.96/23.72 The result is a 93% overlap with y-combustion and a cheaper rate, which is best suited for screening at ltbi nationwide.
The M.I.B. (300122) "Hpv performance elasticity of microcards for the treatment of micro-card adaptives, clinically used in combination with sub-bacterium carrying, evidently, with poor expectations in the value of the line of research."
Prevention of tuberculosis, the main mechanism for its prevention, is human immunisation, which - 2018/08/14 - is now treated for the lubricant infection of bacterium tuberculosis, i.e. preventive treatment.
Twissman (3000122) "Five-rate round procurement, East et al. research found that microcards prevent tuberculosis better than traditional amphiboles and control groups, with peaks expected to contribute more than 500 million net profits."
One case of tuberculosis occurred in the name of ltbi, and four cases of pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary smart-flying organisms (300122) were detected in the control group. The priority review of production declaration with microcards is currently under way and is expected to be approved by the end of 18th year.
There are nearly 300 million ltbi in the country, and the market for ec reagents and microcards is promising.
About 20% of our population, close to 300 million of whom are carriers of bacterium tuberculosis, we have committed ourselves to a 90% overall reduction in morbidity by 2035, i.e. around 100,000 cases per year.
Vaccination is the most effective method. In 2015, 17.29 million, 11.41 million, 8.78 million and 7 million students were enrolled in primary, secondary, and secondary schools, respectively, for a total of about 44 million people.
The project must be examined, taking into account only the entry market and not the rest of the medically examined population, assuming that ec-test ec diagnostics are accepted, and that the joint microcards build the strongest system of tuberculosis diagnosis and treatment, with a net profit of about 16 million new students per year in high schools and universities, according to a 20 per cent perception.
The infection rate (about 20 per cent for the country as a whole) was estimated to be 3.2 million carriers, conservatively, at 20 per cent penetration rate, 6.5 million copies of market demand, 400 yuan per needle, 6 needles per person, rich in research and development pipelines, “3-spine & hpv & five-priced rotation & microcard & 15-price pneumonia prevention”
Three Generations' performance contribution is not as good as expected. The exclusive ac-hib benefits gradually replaced the heb mono-sap, ac-combined, with a potential net profit of more than 1.1 billion; the Hpv vaccine (nine plus four) peaks are expected to contribute more than 3 billion net profits: the five-price q3-q4 vaccine is expected to rise.
Market sales are expected to yield more than 500 million net profits after steadying; in the process of re-introducing pounds of varieties, microcards and ec diagnostic reagents are expected to be approved in 18-19, and steadying is expected to contribute to super-profit predictions and investment proposals.
In the medium term, 200 billion dollars in market value! Markets recognize the ability of Ji Fei to sell, but ignore strong corporate lines of products (own + agent), and vaccine companies are expected to break through the first 5 billion net profit biopharmaceuticals, opening up long-term growth space and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.