South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) performance: in the first half of 2022, companies achieved 49.540 billion yuan, a decrease of 8.99 per cent in comparison with the previous year;
The fall in corporate revenue in the first half of the year was mainly due to a sharp decline in coal sales revenues, and the increase in non-net profits was mainly due to a significant increase in the returns on investment in the new energy and coal companies. On a quarterly basis, the company received q1/q2 in q1 q1 q2 = 28,822 million yuan, 207 billion yuan, and q1 q2 q2 = 620 million yuan, 1030 million yuan, respectively.
Millions of yuan (-8.99%), of which 43.02 billion yuan (+3.5%) was generated by electricity generation; 1.03 billion yuan (+3.5%) by coal sales; 21.94% by electricity prices, which together led to a small 3.5% increase in electricity generation. The coal harvest led to a decline in the company’s total 22h1 battalion, a marginal increase in electricity generation and 86.8% of the total, and continued to stabilize the company’s performance.
The combustible coal power industry, with 22h1 coal power in the process of construction, has a capacity of 4490mw, or 81.6 per cent of the total installed machinery. Coal prices remain high, increasing the self-use of coal reduces the impact of coal combustion costs. The total operating cost of 22h1 companies is 48.76 billion yuan (-0.87 per cent), mainly due to higher coal combustion costs and a significant reduction in coal sales costs.
Thus, 22h1 company had a unit price of 1179.9 yuan per ton (+38.2 per cent), resulting in a 28.3 per cent increase in fuel costs on a year-on-year basis. To reduce the higher cost of coal, the company increased its own use of coal, resulting in a 87.3 per cent decrease in the cost of selling coal on a year-on-year basis.
• New Energetic Energetic Energetic Energetic Energetic Gains have increased significantly, and the real investment returns of companies have doubled. 22h1 companies lost 51.2% of their net profit on the same basis, while non-net profits have increased by 20.6% over the same period, mainly with 21h1 companies having received $4.07 billion for Ningxia and Ningxia heating subsidiaries, resulting in higher real investment returns on 21h1.
The real investment returns of the division were $2.9 billion, a 15.1-fold increase. The main ones were the investment in new power sources in China, which contributed $1.59 billion, and the investment in coal companies such as the power and coal industry and the silver star industry, which contributed $1.01 billion. High growth in energy and new energy performance would contribute a steady and high return on investment.
1. Power and Power International (600027): Fire and power repair is resilient, assuming that the cost of the company ' s fire and power fuel is decreasing and the company ' s power and power profitability is gradually recovering. Electricity operations will continue over the next three years.
(b) Assumption 3: the company's equity participation in the new power and electricity sector will continue to grow at a high rate, contributing investment returns of $2.630/35 billion over the next three years;
By contrast, we have selected three mainstream companies in the fire power industry, with an average of 2.1 times the current pb for China Energy International, National Electric Power, and Grand Tang, respectively. The net assets of 22H1 after deducting the long-term debt are $38.16 billion. Given that 22H1 has a good profit momentum, it is expected that the fire power performance will continue to be repaired, and we value the company 1.9 times the pb in 23 years.
Table 2: Comparable companies value the risk of rising coal prices, the risk of falling electricity prices, and the failure of new power sources to perform as expected, and Noro will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and, to the extent that the company and the author know it, there are no laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.
The company or associated institution may hold securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and carry out transactions, and may also provide or seek investment banking or financial consultancy services for these companies.
Information, opinions, and assumptions reflect only the company’s judgement as of the date of publication of this report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report can rise and the past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance. At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, observations, and assumptions contained in this report, and it does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
Change, and investors should follow the corresponding updates or modifications on their own.