In the medium-to-long term, Biadey is expected to become the global leader of the electric car industry.
October 19th, 2021, as the only car company in the world with its own high-quality batteries, the company, relying on the large domestic car market, continues to progress, innovates and leads to the development of a new energy vehicle industry.
In the short term, the technology cycle resonances with the vehicle-type cycle, and the turning point for business.
We believe that the rapid growth in corporate car sales is about to be reflected on the profit table, and that these years will be a period of rapid release of Biadi's profits, with non-linear rapid growth in company profits. Blades, lithium batteries, and dm-i have been transformed from initial questioning into a trend, suggesting that corporate innovation is in progress.
Market recognition and return. 1) Volume: Technology cycle + car-type cycle resonance, driving sales upwards. Technology-based companies, balancing pure and intruding technology routes, are improving the product matrix.
We expect 73, 131 and 1.64 million vehicles to be sold in 2021-2023, with an increase of 28, 73 and 850,000, respectively, with an increase of 489 per cent and 158 per cent, respectively.
In 2021-2023, about 30, 54 and 770,000 units were sold, respectively, at an increase rate of 2 (t) profit: no fear of repayment, the return of profits is imminent, and we believe that the company is well prepared for the increase in the cost of the backscaling and raw materials, and that it will be able to do so.
Spilling through technology downfalls, scale effects, potential add-on values: cost end, 1, technology downfalls, e-platform 3.0 to drive a pure electric vehicle-type downswing efficiency, expected to yield savings of around $10,000. dm-i model material costs are further aligned to fuel trucks, projected
Cost increases are only around 0.5 to 21,000 dollars. 2 - scale effects, according to our calculations, will increase the cost of bicycles by nearly 0.6 million dollars for batteries, steel, copper, chips, etc. In the long run, the positive share of new energy will also contribute to the company’s profits.
The company is the head of a new energy vehicle in the country, with a technology cycle and a vehicle-type cycle resonant, with an immediate turning point. We expect a parent return net profit of $61, 146, and 21.7 billion in 2021-2023, respectively.
The shortage of chips affects expectations, the price of raw materials rises higher than expected.
Starting in 2009, we became the world ' s largest car consumer market, with domestic car sales as high as 32% in 2020. In 2009, we sold 136.4 million cars, surpassing the United States as the world ' s largest car consumer market for the first time, accounting for the world ' s new car sales.
21%. Since then, we have been the world’s largest car consumer market. In 2020, the epidemic hit, global car sales have declined, and domestic performance has been relatively optimistic.
1.2 Domestic autonomous brand markets account for about 40%, and there is still much room for upgrading China’s auto industry’s pre-development process, mainly on a market-to-technology basis. In the pre-emergent period, overseas cars entering the Chinese market have been released rapidly through joint ventures.
The development of internal combustion technologies has been progressing over the years, but there is still a gap between technology and branding effects, such as the combined power generation of overseas car companies, where the city has been hovering around 40 percent over the years, and where the main vehicle is mostly medium- and low-end.
Figure 2 Automobile ratios are about 40 per cent, and figure 32020 shows that we still have a higher share of autonomous brands than Japan, which has mastered the core technology of automobiles.
Japan’s car industry is growing rapidly, with domestic manufacturers and parts suppliers holding the core technology of engines, gear tanks, chassis, and so on. Japan’s domestic car market is largely replaced by a 1.3-way new energy vehicle, with an autonomous brand that highlights competitiveness.
China leads the electricization of automobiles. In a carbon neutral context, the wave of motor motorization has spread around the world. By 2021h1, the amount of new energy used in cars was about 2.85 million, compared to 34%.
Domestic firms are competitive in the core parts of new energy vehicles. Since the creation of the Shanghai public in 1985, the country’s automobile industry has been marketed for almost 25 years.
It's a more sophisticated car industry chain. In the changes in auto electricization, batteries, electric machines, and electrical substituting engines, transformer boxes become the key system for the whole car. In terms of value, about 40% of the sum of the three, and functionally, the three determine the basic parameters of the electric vehicle, such as the basic parameters.
Continuing flight, power, etc. Thanks to the continuous investment and marketization of our new-energy automobile industry, we have created a competitive new-energy-car industry chain, such as 1) for power batteries, which, according to Sne, have four domestic enterprises in terms of top 8.
2) In heat management, Tesla is a deep partner with a global host vehicle company. 3) In power drive, many domestic firms, such as Ferdi, Aero, and Sichuan, are in the lead for domestic loading.
The main difference between new energy vehicles and fuel vehicles in figure 6 is in total power output, in figure 7 for some domestic suppliers of the main system of new energy vehicles, and in figure 821-1 for global power cell load patterns.
Autonomous brand new energy vehicles are competitive, unlike traditional car patterns. Thanks to the fast-paced and technological improvements in the domestic electric car industry, the Autonomous brand new energy vehicle performance indicators are constantly being optimized.
Two, Biadey: The tide of new energy cars, Buffett thinks that the company's champions are a combination of Edison and Welch.
Automobile industry is a combination of hardware and software. The company has made a breakthrough on the hardware end, guided by engineer thinking; at the software end, the company has made up the short board by introducing talent. And, as a vertically integrated car company, the company seeks to break down operations.
Difficulty, actively promoting the opening of the supply chain, promising to become a supplier of new energy vehicle solutions. 2.1 has the genes of a great enterprise: “Edison” to insist on breaking through innovation, engineer thinking, and ploughing the new energy car track.
Qinchuan entered the automobile industry. In 2008, the company launched the first power-infusion technology around the world, pushing out the first new energy car, f3dm, and opened the new energy car track. The following year, the first pure electric vehicle, e6 was on the market. For many years, the company, guided by engineer thinking, insisted on insulation and pure electricity technology.
Figure 12 Byadi's history of auto business development, positive innovation breakthroughs, ahead of the industry. 1) Power cells, companies are the world's only.
The company leads the technological change, the first production of a blade battery in the industry, and the volume energy density increases by 50%. 2) Power drive, based on the load, is the subsidiary Ferdy's power position.
Second in the country. In 2021, the company ' s power drive was upgraded again, with the first ever production of an eight-to-one power-driven module in the industry, with a combined efficiency of 89 per cent. 3) Semiconductor, a very small number of self-provided semiconductors, with a power semiconductor using the Idm model, in the domestic market.
4) Smart drivers, companies insist on self-researching to ensure that the "soul" is not lost, while participating in a 6.93% share of the chip, algorithms, and a variety of ways to strengthen the smart driving pattern of the domestic power battery loading market in 1321h1
Figure 1521h1 Domestic power-drive top10 (in thousands of units) Figure 162019 Domestic car market pattern of gbt 2.2 with the genes of a great enterprise: “Jack Welch”
The company actively absorbs the best people in the industry and enhances the soft power of its products. And expands the think tank, helps the company to optimize its channels and brand up: driving comfort upgrades. Hans, a former Mercedes expert, runs the Biadi chassis.
And, at the same time, Moot Xian helped to raise the nvh of Biadi's product and enhance the soundproofing effect of the body. Continuously designed innovation to be brand-led.
In 2016, the focus will be on upgrading design capabilities, leading the way in all directions. 1) Building talent in all its aspects, building capacity in the design system will begin with bringing together top designers, famous designers Wolfgang Ager, Juan María Lopez and Michele Paganetti to join Pia.
D, lead the team to maintain sustainable design creativity; 2) in design tools, the new Biadi Global Design Centre was inaugurated in June 2019 to help build up the capacity of Biadi to systematize design. Biadi's family design language, Dragonface, was marketed.
On January 13, 2020, Bialdi's Senior Adviser to the President of Bialdi, who is responsible for developing strategies, operational strategies, marketing strategies, and products for Biadi's automobile business.
Gwanwenwei, former President and Managing Director of General Motors China, has a wealth of experience in global automobile management, which helps to move beyond Yadi channels and branding.
There is a possibility of becoming a supplier of new energy vehicle solutions. The company has already achieved external cooperation at three levels: basic parts, core parts, and whole platform, and the share of external supplies is increasing. The Biadi semiconductor is now on the market.
More subsidiaries in the future are expected to accelerate their supply, operate independently, and be listed.Figure 17 has already achieved three levels of basic components, core parts, and the entire platform.
The automobile business is the company's first business block. The automobile business is the company's first business block.
In terms of net profits, apart from the impact of the epidemic in 2020, automobiles accounted for more than half of the company ' s net profits.
Figure 20 Automobile operations account for more than half of the company ' s net profits, 3.2 shares of the price review: the new energy vehicle is the company ' s kernel of value.
At the industry level, it has gone through the early stages of the release of new energy-friendly policies, the medium-term policy adjustment period and the post-cyclical period of weakened policy margins; at the firm level, it has gone through the initial release of new energy vehicles, the restructuring of medium- and later-generation products, and the release of technology dividends.
At this point, the company sells nearly 3,000 new energy cars annually, or about 4% of the company’s sales; collects about $7.33 billion, or 27% of the company’s revenues.
On the other hand, the extension of the joint venture brand to the market for economic fuel trucks has increased competition in the market, and the value of the autonomous brand has dropped significantly, with companies selling at the same rate as -14%.
In the case of new energy vehicles, the subsidies for new energy vehicles have fallen back, the technology thresholds have been raised, the company's electricity pool technology routes have changed, new energy vehicles have not grown as fast as the industry, and new energy within the company.
The share of the source cars hovered at 45%, and the share of the city fell from 30% in 2016 to 20%. Markets worry about the speed and profitability of new energy vehicles.
Phase 5:20.1 – So far, new energy vehicles have hit both technology and model cycles, valuation and performance. Blade batteries are released, safety spells are removed, while the cost of buying cars is reduced, and the company’s high-end model, "Han" sales are over-expected.
The monthly sales of the dm-i-car market are on the rise. The first-stage series of ocean-based e3.0 technology is launched to enrich the supply of young markets. In addition, the Biadi semiconductor is on the market, the company ipo is on the air, and the auto supply chain is open for remodeling.
IV. Technology cycle resonance with vehicle-type cycle, driving up sales to 4.1 with a successful electrical transition, with a national tide pole starting in 2021, and a copy of company sales history, which we believe is maintained at 400,000 to 500,000.
The company entered the area of automobile manufacturing from 2003 to 2010, and was driven by fuel car F3 and F0 and the rapid increase in the volume of vehicle sales.
In 2010, there were 520,000 vehicles. Channels and brand changes and remodellings. Automobile sales remained stable at about 45,5 million. In 2013-2016, the new energy car policy was a dividend period.
During the bonus period, the company’s new energy vehicle was phased out. Fuel trucks were too crowded between low-end market-type cars and the industry was increasingly competitive to break through the bottlenecks.
In 2020, as a result of Tesla’s domestic emissions, the share of the company’s new energy vehicles fell to 15%. New energy vehicles were released, and the company made the initial electrical transition.
Led by 21H1, the number of new energy vehicles sold was more than 150,000, up from an all-time high. In terms of sales structure, the share of new energy vehicles reached 62 per cent, breaking 50 per cent for the first time, of which 35 per cent were sold in pure trams and 27 per cent were plugged in.
Hard power builds the country's tidal poles. From the product matrix of the Dynasty Series, to the heart of the craftsmen, to the image of the "grunt," corporate design ideas are closely linked to China's traditional culture, bringing home the country's tidal genes. The company is boldly innovating to shape the "hard core" product.
The quality, "Han" and "Qinpus" sales are becoming hard-core state goods in the eyes of consumers.
The distribution of the company's main vehicle sales and the distribution of the price bands over time has enabled the company to achieve coverage of three technical routes: sedan, suv, mpv, and fuel, intruding, mixing and pure electric, and the prices of each of the main vehicles have been confirmed.
2004 - 2009: Exceeding value, car f3 blew up a low price market. Car F3 was matched to a flower crown, sold at a high value of nearly 300,000 vehicles, pushing the company ' s car to a higher level, with a combined annual increase of about 150%.
2010 - 2014: Enter the suv track, enrich the product matrix, and raise the price cap to $130,000. The company ' s first suv s6 is equipped with technology, luxury, to match Lexus rx350 and sells nearly 100,000 vehicles annually.
At the same time, the price limit for the company’s cars has been extended to $130,000. 2015–2019: The dynasty series has risen and new energy vehicles have emerged. On the traditional side of the car, Song (suv) and Songmax (mpv) gradually took over S6 of the $100,000 price zone;
In the case of the new energy vehicle, Yuanev is the company's 80-110,000 dollar price range. 2020 to date: technology, new power. In the case of the fuel car, Song has continued to sell, and the basic plate is solid between the $100,000 and less price zone.
Super-safe, super-intensity, super-continuing, etc. Knife battery loads in bulk. The first high-end sedan is sold hot.
The accompanying Qin Plus continues to heat up, and it is expected that the company will be able to bounce back into the bottom of the mix. Figure 26 shows the Biadi matrix of the main vehicle, and the red bottom is the fuel truck, the green is pure electricity, and the yellow is the mix.
4.3 Double-module technology continues to evolve, accelerating the destabilization of fuel trucks. After years of development, two generations of innovation have evolved to dm1.0:5 years to build the first-generation double-model technology.
In 2008, the company introduced the power-infusion technology. The company's double model technology opened a door to new energy vehicles. The model represents Biadef 3dm, which was listed in 2009. The strategy, dm2.0, is published.
0-100km/h acceleration time is controlled within five seconds, four-drive power and two litres of 100 km of oil. The car is represented by 2015 Tang dm, etc. dm3.0: driven by user experience.
Plug-in techniques in three structural forms: p0+p4, p0+p3+p4. Reduction of feed patterns by introducing high voltage bsg power, gbt 4.0 etc., improvement of the smoothness, nvh and upscaling of the hev and v modes.
Electricity efficiency and user medical check-ups have been further improved. The model of the car is 2020 Dondm, etc. Figure 27 Biadi plug-in technology has been developed to a third generation in January 2021, and the company has released an upgraded dm-i on a dm1.0 basis.
Super-mixed systems. The Dm-i-dm-i of the Qin, Song and Tang clans, which started in March, was power-led, accelerating the destabilization of fuel trucks. At 10 to 130,000 yuan and 180,000 to 230,000 yen belts, 55 km continued to Qin plusdm-i and Tangplusdm-i at the same price range.
There are no direct rivals for grade-mixing, better than fuel cars for performance indicators such as fuel consumption, 100 km acceleration, which are expected to be a better market than the Yadidm-i mix; within the $130,000 price range, the dm-i plug-up model has longed out.
Table 4 (dm-i) covers 60% of the car market in the dm-i model, which is more economical and more dynamic.
A 10,000-dollar band with a new low sales price for a blended market and a closer look at the fuel truck. According to the figure, it covers about 60% of the overall car market. dm-i helper plugs up the mix.
Release, Qin plus sales are constantly innovative and reflect the high demand in the market and the recognition of products. The company expects to produce 80 thousand a month by the end of the year.
About 28, 73 and 850,000, respectively, were sold in the plug-in vehicles. 4.4 The pure power technology architecture overlapped, e3.0 “Clubs of the next generation of electric vehicles”, and in 2003, the company began to develop a pure electric vehicle model, and today e platform technology has developed.
Third generation: e1.0: In 2003, the company officially developed a pure electric motor. A breakthrough was made in single parts such as power drives, batteries, etc., with an initial construction of a pure tram structure.
Yearly listing of Biade 6.e 2.0:2018, the company published e2.0 at the Beijing Car Fair, which focuses on standardization and integration.
A highly standardized e platform. The vehicles represent Qinev445, Songev500, Yuanev535 and Donev600, which were listed in 2018.e3.0:2021, the company officially published e3.0 at the Shanghai Car Fair, which is revolutionary in nature.
Software and hardware are now decoupled. Hardware is further integrated on a "33111" basis, using a centralized electronic electrical structure, self-researched vehicle operating system bydos, which can be expanded, upgraded, fully open and fully released to release the potential for smart electricization, from the next generation of electric vehicles.
Cradle. The first type of car is a dolphin that was listed in August 2021. dc-dc, charger and distribution box integration; "1 plate" refers to the integration of 10 control modules such as instrumentation, air conditioning, sound and smart keys into 1 pcb circuit board; "1 screen" refers to the loading of more than dilink
Rotable LCD screens for media systems; "1 battery" means long-duration, stable power power e3.0, ocean series contribution increment, 13 August, new pure electric species based on e3.0 officially opened.
Dolphins are the cars of Biadi that use the "sea aesthetic" design concept to build the first oceanic system and use Biadi's brand-new logo. A total of four vehicles, 301 km, 401 km, 405 km, are scheduled for sale, with a combined subsidy of $938,000.
The country's new energy vehicles are polarized, dolphins are rejuvenated, and the ocean market is 100,000-150,000.
The low-end market below $50,000 and the high-end market of Teslamodel3, represented by Teslamodel, are less of a new energy best-selling car model between 10-15 million yuan, which is pure electric car blue compared to a pure electric-car model between price zones, with dolphins being more competitive in combination.
Dolphins, although relatively small, have a high axle range of 2,700 mm, high space utilization in the vehicle; 2) power and continuity, with 400 km of continued flight and 130kw's maximum power in the competition, in the pattern of the car, and 3) intelligent configuration, active security systems and driving aids.
We expect dolphins to sell about 4,000 per month. More marine cars will be on the market in the future, making markets for the big young.
Focusing on pure electric models, the main game is young. In addition to the dolphins that are just on the market, 22h2 will have more car types on the market, which will enrich the supply and meet the needs of different scenes, such as the published three "seagulls", "sea seals" and "sea lions" in which the official definition of seagulls is that they are self-motivated.
By this, seals are defined as sharp motion, while sea lions are defined as spacious comfort. More cars will use e3.0 technology in the future, a better product matrix and a leading whole.
Between 2021 and 2023, the sales of pure trams were estimated at 30, 54 and 770,000, respectively. 2013-2016, under a multifaceted catalyst of 30,000 polycars and 50,000 electric bikes, sales of company pure trams e6 and Qin cars rose, and companies were able to do new jobs.
(b) In 2017-2018, the subsidy retreated and the threshold was raised, with the company moving from lfp to ncm to tri-dollar batteries. As a result of higher upstream lithium and cobalt unit prices, the company’s profit space was compressed, and the overall car cost increased.
Between 2019 and 2020, the price of upstream battery materials fell, the high end-of-the-blade car-type “Han” was sold, and the overall Māori rate recovered. In the 2020s, the market mask, the Māori rate rose significantly. However, the increase in liabilities, depreciation and amortization affected the recovery of net interest rates.
21H1 was affected by the rise in upstream raw materials prices and the continuing fall in subsidies, and the Māori rate declined, and it was encouraging to see a slight increase in net interest rates, mainly expected to be driven by the high sales of cars such as Qinpus and Han, with the same ratio in automobile operations +22 per cent, driven by economies of scale.
Figure 36 Profitability of automobile operations, off-the-shelf income, off-the-shelf expenditure, other earnings, loss of disposal of assets, return on investment (other than return on investment in associated and joint ventures), income from sale of property and corresponding costs
Management fees incurred at the headquarters of the group of companies
Figure 43 National mileage subsidy for pure trams (in ten thousand yuan) 5.2 Unafraid subsidy downsides and rising cost of raw materials, sustained improvement in profitability, market concerns for new energy in the context of the initial completion of the transformation of the company ' s product structure into a new energy vehicle
The decline in the profitability of the source vehicle has dragged companies’ performance. We believe that the company is well prepared on pure electricity, mixed technology routes, and that the impact of the fall in subsidies will be offset by technological drops, scale effects, and the potential value of the credits.
The company’s latest e-platform, 3.0-packed blade batteries, and further integration, standardization, and efficiency of core parts. We estimate that dolphins will be able to continue the 400km.
Material costs around $10,000: Efficiency gains: 1) new generation sic power control, power density up by nearly 30%, maximum power efficiency 99.7%; 2) power drive system 8-to-1 module, integrated power drive,
Slowers, power-drive controllers, high voltage distributors, low-voltage straight-flow converters, vehicle chargers, whole-car controllers, battery managers, with a combined efficiency of 89%; 3) wide-scale heat field high-efficiency heat pump technology, with a 10% increase in low-temperature continuation mileage.
Subtraction: Thermal pump air conditioners and high-efficiency power-drive systems have significantly improved the efficiency of the entire vehicle and are expected to save 20 per cent of the electricity, plus blade batteries, or about $15,000 in comparison with three-dollar batteries.
Dm-i model material costs are further aligned to fuel trucks. According to our calculations, dm-i increases fuel vehicle material costs by only 0.5 to 21,000 dollars. 1) Engines, Qin new energy (1.5t), Song (1.5t) and Tang (2.0t)
1.5l, 1.5t engines, respectively, will be used separately, with a reduced estimated cost of tens of thousands; 3) batteries, blades, lfp batteries will replace triple batteries, with a significantly reduced cost of 0.5 to 14,000 more than fuel trucks; 4) other components, such as beams, will be added to the total
In order to ensure that the size of the capacity and the pattern of the vehicle are updated, the company’s capital expenditure remains high, and depreciation and amortization are increasing year by year.
The growth in the company ' s car sales since 2010 has stagnated, with output and sales misallocation leading to a rise in the depreciation of bicycles. In 2020, the utilization rate was about 72 per cent, the sales rate was about 91 per cent, and the depreciation rate for bicycles was up to 17,400,000. 21h1 vehicle sales were equal to +56 per cent, and the share of bicycles was up to 56 per cent.
Depreciation amortization fell to $12.6 million, and the company's car sales are expected to break out of the trap, driven by the powerful technology and model cycle.) 21h1 depreciation amortization is about $3.1 billion, cf., depreciation amortization in the first half of the year.
3) Potential alternative subsidies: New energy positives and fractions: As fuel consumption is tightened year by year, the volume of fuel consumption decreases and the scale of negatives increases. In 2019, the proportion of fuel consumption positives and negatives narrowed to 1.3 times. At the same time, it benefits from the new ones.
In 2016-2019, the new energy positives factor was about +62%. In 2019, the industry first produced a negative share of new energy, and the price of the new positive energy component trades warmed back. After 2019, the two-points were tested in parallel.
Factors such as a narrow share of the positive and negative share of the fuel consumption, and a negative share of the new energy component are further increasing the share market demand, leading to higher volume and unit prices in the market. In 2020, the new energy source reached an average transaction price of $1204.
In 2020, the company ' s fuel consumption was about 950,000 (including Biadi Motors Industries Ltd. and Biadi Motors Limited) and ranked first in the country. At the same time, the company ' s new energy share was about 750,000, second only to the Special.
In order to quantify the positive value of the company ' s potential new energy component, we assumed and calculated, respectively, with preservation, neutrality and optimism:
1) Single car credits: 1, pure electricity, with the new energy vehicles standard car sizes tightened, we expect a single vehicle credits of 2.9, 3 and 3.1, respectively, in conservative, neutral and optimistic circumstances; 2, commingled, company plug-in performance is excellent, and we assume a single vehicle volume of 1.6.
2. Cumulative price: As fuel consumption is tightened and the standard car-type of the new energy vehicle is tightened, we expect that the price of the positive-energy trade will remain above $1,000, assuming that, on the basis of the above assumptions, we expect that, under neutral conditions, the company will be pure electric and commingled.
The positive value of new energy sources will reach 0.6 and 0.32 million yuan, respectively. Combined with the above analysis, we believe that despite the downside challenge of state subsidies for new energy vehicles, companies are well prepared to undertake “open-source winding-up”: 1) costs
At the end, the cost of a bicycle is reduced through technological advances and scale effects. 2) At the profit end, the positive gain in new energy sources can also be an important part of the profit. According to our calculations, corporate technology drops and scale effects can effectively hedge off the slopes, potential new energy sources.
How geometric are the effects of rising costs of short-term raw materials? According to our neutral assumptions, we expect higher prices of raw materials to lead to pure electricity.
And the cost of plugging a bicycle is about 0.57 and 0.4 million dollars. The impact on the cost of flushing raw materials can be achieved through a technology drop, and the regulatory effects can be applied. 1) Battery, the price of 21H1 battery raw materials has risen mainly within the battery company.
The impact on the whole car is small. We expect the future cost pressure on the end of the battery to be 2) steel, copper, aluminium, and so on, and the prices are rising, and we make the assumptions for the increases as shown in the table below.
3) Chips, some of which are self-supplied, the chip's stress is slightly weaker than the peer, but in the context of the chip's tight industry, we expect the chip price to rise to 131 and 1.64 million, of which 59, 128 and 1.64 million, respectively, are sold for new energy vehicles.
Mobile phone components and assembly operations: The company assembly industry reports a very high rate of growth, benefiting from the expansion of large clients. Meanwhile, the company’s new smart products and car smart systems are also growing at a very high rate as a result of the rapid development of the downstream industry.
3. Secondary charger cells and photovoltaic operations: to benefit from the rapid growth of storage, power cells for breakthroughs and light voltage, we expect the growth rate in 2021-2023 to be different; complex corporate operations, including cars, batteries, cellular parts, assembly and semiconductors
In addition, businesses are at a different stage of business development and profit levels. Taking into account differences in corporate business, firms are valued using the divisional valuation method. 1) Automobile business: the volume of new energy vehicles sold and revenue collected by companies in the future is growing rapidly, and in
In order to simplify the calculation, the company's automobile business only considers the impact of new energy vehicles. At present, the new energy automobile industry is in a period of rapid growth, and the industry has not yet achieved a steady profit.
Power-driven and intelligent driving is ahead of the line, valued higher; new domestic forces are growing significantly faster than industry due to low sales base, and customers are more sticky, ps are valued at 2. Battery operations: according to our calculations, company power and storage cells in 2020
External supply is about 3.5 gwh, which is 11% of the Ninder era. Currently, the supply of power cells outside the company continues to break out, storage capacity is in the early night of the outbreak, and the supply out of the company is expected to accelerate. We expect the future of the semiconductor business: in a context of supply-demand imbalance and nationalization substitution, the company is not.
We expect a net profit of about $100 million in 2022 for Biadi semiconductor external operations, with an average of 177x for semiconductor enterprises. 4) Cellular operations: with the expansion of large clients and new smart products and car intelligence
New areas such as systems have been developed, corporate profitability has increased, and we expect a net return profit of about $5.8 billion for external business in 2022, with industry par 15x. 1) chip shortages have had an impact on higher expectations: chip shortages have affected overall sales;
2) The price of raw materials rises beyond expectations: the price of raw materials increases the cost of products, civilization, Wang Jianxiang author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and with a diligent professional attitude, independent and objective
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.