White Cloud Hill (600332.sh) registered a steady increase in performance in 2023 and 2024q1. According to company announcements, in 2023, the company achieved 11.117 billion yuan (+6.15%) in high-health camps and 52.762 billion yuan in large businesses.
Financial costs increased by 43.52 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of reduced interest income. Companies will continue to deepen the market, foster dynamic energy, and promote high-quality development of business portfolios.
\triangleright has generated $6,271 million (+11.64% of the same year) in the pharmaceutical business, accounting for 42% of the proceeds from the Grand Nam drug camp.
1.2 billion yuan, more than 20% more than the same time, and the development of superior products such as Little Chai-hu, creating a large volume and promoting high growth. In addition, the company’s big health plate is focused on diversifying its products, enriching its core, branding Wang Ji-hye's cold tea tastes, developing new products such as sarcophagus, and developing a new series of products that are healthy.
The annual report, in 2023, continued to upgrade the company’s intelligence platform to promote automation and intellectual transformation of the group’s manufacturing. The pharmaceutical manufacturing digital workshop, built by the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, was awarded “The Guangdong Smart System”
In 2024, the company will actively promote the integration of the digital economy and the pharmaceutical health industry.
Company s2b2c platform, strengthening retail marketing, and actively enhancing the profitability of retail trade Parity and capacity: seizing policy opportunities in the Australasia Bay region of Hong Kong, expanding cross-border power vendor operations: accelerating the construction of phase 2 of the Xeji Xinjiang Pharmacy Center, strengthening the capacity of the Smart Pharmacy Supply Service: moving forward
Intelligent production of pharmaceuticals, construction of digital plants and upgrading of digital management, Sinda Securities Inc., not 12/10/9x.
Risk factors: industry policy change risks, market risks, product quality control risks, drug research \triangleright
Pedagogic No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing. Market Commissioner, with excellent background in pharmaceutical chemistry and experience in operating the pharmaceutical market, formerly employed in Guang Shui Ying, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University. Clinical co-ed at ppcjam and Parexel.
Worked in 2021 to join the Sinda securities, responsible for research in the cxo industry, in December to study the scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine industry, and in April 2022 to study the Chinese medicine and biological products plate industry.
Sheng Zhao, member of the team, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined the Sinda Securities in 2022, and was responsible for research in the fields of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
Cao Jialine, member of the team, Master of Quantities in Economics at the Rimnan College of Nakayama University, two years of research in the pharmaceutical biology industry, worked on the Fangzheng securities, joined the Sindam securities in 2023 and was responsible for research in the fields of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc.
Zhang Jong-tao, a member of the team, Master of International Investment Finance from the University of the South, one year of research in the pharmaceutical bio-industry, cpa (specialized in industry), formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, joined in 2023 in Sindha securities, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical commerce & medicine, joined in Sinda securities, and was responsible for research on innovative drug plates.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.