The capital market has increased significantly since q4 in 2024, driving corporate portfolio revenue.
The growth, particularly in securities brokerage and blending, has led to a consistent increase in corporate performance. Moreover, companies have continued to increase their bond investments in recent years, with investment returns rising as a percentage of revenue, and the previous three quarters saw solid gains in asset investment slightly slower than in the previous three quarters.
Corporate brokerage revenue accounts for up to 50% of revenue, far more than traditional bond dealers, and increases in the volume of market transactions can contribute more elasticity to the company’s performance on an ongoing basis.
At the end of the period, the company ' s total non-capital holdings were 675.3 billion yuan, an increase of 17.4 per cent from the beginning of the year.
Market warming impacts, equity funds and “back-to-back plus” funds have increased their sales heat, amounting to $1,057.2 billion for the 2025h1 Generation Sales Fund, of which $626 billion is for the non-goods fund. The company’s main client is retail customers, which are less affected by the fall in surrogate rates and, with the return to market, the fund’s sales rate is likely to decline.
Gradual slowdown, while maintaining growth in size can provide a powerful buffer against falling rates. East Wealth (300059.sz)-City stock continues to rise, Fund sales recovers.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Active Market Trade, Flexible Performance Release - Kim's two major Internet flow pools with more mature community-based operations and more sticky users.
According to the variety of securities brokers, fund sales, blending, futures brokers, asset management, and investment ventures, Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Client funds have grown significantly, investment returns have remained high and the chain of realization is longer and has greater potential for development.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Increased Share of Brokers and High Return on Investment - may be able to invest, teach, and invest in fields such as user size +ai technology + data reserves. Brokering in the camps accounts for a relatively high share of revenue, q4-quarters of business growth or not. Company performance in the first three quarters of the year.
The growth rate of the two-megacities has increased, and we maintain a “better than the big city” rating of the company.Figure 1: Eastern wealth operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan) Figure 2: Eastern wealth operating income and rate of increase (in billions)
Figure 3: Net profit and increase in Eastern wealth from mother to mother (in billions of yuan) Figure 4: Net profit and increase in Eastern wealth from single season (in billions) Figure 5: Share of income in Eastern wealth by type of business
Figure 6: Sub-grouped income of Eastern wealth portfolio, Figure 7: Base turnover of Eastern wealth stock and market share (in trillion yuan) Figure 8: Double balance of Eastern wealth and municipal share (in billions)
Figure 9: Trends in the weighted average root of Eastern wealth: Trends in the valuation of Eastern wealth: Trends in Eastern wealth: Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author