• The company issued its annual 2018 report, which was highly recommended (first rating), and the core subsidiary, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, performed beyond expectations.
The operating cash flow of $884 million, a significant increase of 132% in the same year, has improved significantly. The core subsidiary, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, has earned 3,196 million yuan, an increase of 53.4%, a net profit of $1,132 million, an increase of 65.1% over market expectations.
• Once the company issues shares and convertible bonds to purchase assets and collect a package of funds and associated transactions, the mechanism is expected to be fully streamlined.
Incentives are created by the central soul figure Kim, who, once successfully implemented, will directly hold the shares of listed companies, and will have a positive impact on the operation of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry.
• Take a good look at the industry’s deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-draw-out growth hormone subterranean areas, and give it a “strongly recommended” rating. Growth hormones are not subject to price pressure. The growth hormone industry continues to grow at a rapid rate, with the company’s admissions in 2018 as a result of the continued downward trend, patient education, sales, etc.
Once a bond buys assets, the gold will hold the equity of a listed company directly, and the incentive level will greatly boost its motivation and have a positive impact on the company’s operations. While the company has not yet announced a specific program, we expect that the company’s performance will increase when it is completed.
Growth, incentives and net profit gains are expected after the implementation of the programme, with the first cover being given a “strongly recommended” rating, due to the unpublished valuation of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry and uncertainty about equity prices for the distribution of the supporting funds.
Sub-issues of shares and tradable purchases of assets could not be implemented successfully.1 The company issued its annual report for 2018, with the core subsidiary gold-tracking pharmaceutical industry outperforming by 55.74 per cent. Operating cash flows of $884 million, a significant increase of 132 per cent over the previous year, improved significantly.
The core subsidiary, the Golden Race Pharmacy, earned 3,196 million yuan, a sharp increase of 53.4 per cent, a net profit of 1,132 million yuan, a significant increase of 65.1 per cent over the same period, exceeding market expectations. We expect the market net profit from the Golden Race Pharmacy in 2018 to be around $1 billion.
We expect and measure that the company’s vaccine business will earn more than $1 billion in 2018, a 40% increase in the same year, a net profit of around $200 million, a 50% increase in the same year, with 100 grams of biopox vaccine being issued in 2018.
The rabies vaccine benefits from the shutdown of life-long organisms and doubles the number of batches issued. The frozen dry agent-type blizzards in the Mafunvero process have been reported, which is more stable than the water pin type, and the company is in the field of ecstasy when approved in the future.
The Chinese medicine industry is earning $528 million, a 19.12 per cent decline in the same year; net profits of $31,69.5 million, a 5.69 per cent decline in the same year.
2. The mechanism is expected to be fully streamlined once the company issues shares and convertible bonds to purchase assets and collect a fund-and-associated transaction plan.The company began purchasing and matching assets on 25 February 2019 for planning to issue shares and/or for targeted swaps
On March 6, 2019, the company issued a plan to issue shares and convert bonds to purchase assets and to collect the accompanying funds and associated transactions.
At the same time, Changchun is planning to raise matching funds in the form of non-public development shares or convertable bonds from no more than ten eligible investors, with a total of up to 100% of the transaction price of the assets to be purchased in the form of shares and convertible bonds.
2. Market reference prices for stock transactions of listed companies for 120 days prior to the date of the first Board of Directors ' decision on the selection of the share purchase price for this issue, which is based on the principle of not less than 90 per cent of the average value of the company ' s stock transactions for 120 days prior to the date of the first Board of Directors ' decision
3. The initial equity transfer price for this issue of convertible bonds is based on the price set for the asset component of the current issue of shares, i.e. $174.49/equity.4 The equity collection package is issued in the form of a request for issuance, and the issue price is not lower than the issue date
The final distribution price will be determined in consultation with the independent financial consultant for the transaction after this issue has been approved by the China Certification Commission. Prior to the pharmaceutical industry’s minority shareholders’ interests, the net profit share of the pharmaceutical industry in 2018 had reached 79% after the merger.
We measure that the net profit contribution of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry will be directly over 85%, and that the net profit contribution will continue to rise as the net profits of the Golden Race medicine industry continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years. At the same time, despite the fact that the country’s previous background as an excellent biopharmaceutical company has been difficult.
It creates an effective incentive for the central soul figure of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, and once the stock issue and convertable bond purchase capital is implemented, the gold medal will hold a direct stockholding in the publicly listed companies, which will greatly contribute to its accumulation and will have a positive impact on the operation of the Golden Race Medicines industry.
The growth hormone market is a huge space for future growth. From the market space, growth hormones are currently used mainly for children and adolescents due to stunted growth hormones, according to the Chinese Medical Science Society.
The incidence of dwarfism among children is about 3%, with about 7 million children aged between 4 and 15 years of age in need of treatment, of whom one third are rational and about 2.1 million. The treatment programme is based on 0.1 ~ 0.15 %u/kg.d, the average child's body weight is about 30 ~ 40 kg and the average daily growth hormone use is between 3 ~ 6 u, according to tender data.
The cost of water needles and long-term annual treatments is 50 to 60,000, 900 to 100,000, respectively, even though the market space is 42 billion yuan, as measured by the use of needles and 20% of treatments. On the basis of current data from the pdb sample hospital and income estimates from several major growth hormone companies in the country, we are
The domestic mid-end market is currently expected to be between $4 billion and $5 billion, and the potential for deep-seated markets is still very high. And the Golden Race drug industry, an absolute leader in the field of growth hormones, has a range of powders, water needles, long-activities, with more than 1,600 sales team members and significant advantages in terms of products and sales as of the third quarter of 2018.
On the other hand, as many as 11 growth hormone adaptive disorders have been approved by fda abroad, including child growth hormone deficiencies, chronic kidney failure, etc., while domestic adaptive disorders are the main ones.
Focusing on child growth hormone deficiency and severe burns. The Golden Race drug industry has now been approved for four types of adaptive disorders: child birth, lack of long hormones, child growth disorders due to shox genetic defects, noonan syndrome, severe burns, treatment, and smallness (turner syndrome) due to incomplete growth of congenital ovaries, and speciality.
Shortness (iss), lack of substitute treatment for adult growth hormones aghd, children younger than the birth age (sga) (on a full-month basis, short at birth) and four persistently short growth hormone ii clinical periods, whereas Prader-willi syndrome (short + obesity + poor gland development) and children younger (sga) (on a full-month basis, short at birth)
Following the approval of the iii phase of the continuing short growth hormone water needles, and the approval of future adaptive treatments, the gold-track pharmaceutical industry will receive a combined total of 10 long hormone products, with potential market space expected to increase further.
In addition to the above-mentioned heavy-pound growth hormone adaptive conditions, which are being clinically developed during the ii and ii periods, the company has several potential and reserve varieties, of which reorganised human ovary hormones were marketed in May 2015; and the Mefunvero process is frozen dry.
The dose-type ecstasy has been reported and is more stable than the water pin type; the nostril-free dry influenza vaccine is currently in the production phase, with the advantage of simulated natural infections, which can induce local and current, cellular immune responses and more sustained protective effects, compared to traditional life-control vaccines, and is expected to be approved in 2019: the other vaccines under development also include two.
Multiple varieties, such as mega-molects and herpes detoxification vaccines, are expected to form a core competition in the field of vaccines. Herpes are an acute skin disease caused by the herpe-trash virus, typically reflected in skin rash. In general, more than 90% of adults are at risk of herpes, of which the population over 50 years of age is wearing herpes.
High-prevalence herpes. Herpes detoxification vaccine is mainly used to prevent the incidence of herpes among the elderly. Zostavax in Mercado is the only herpe vaccine product currently on the market. It was approved by fda in May 2006 (not listed domestically) and is currently in use in more than 60 countries, including the United States and the European Union, and has been sold in recent years.
At around US$ 700 million, it is a heavy weight in the field of vaccines. In China, a few hundred grams of herpes are on the market, including 100 grams of life, long-spring, Vantai (freezing dry), Changchun Jing, and five Shanghai Institute institutions, among which 100 grams of life, long-lived life, are declared clinically.
And three of the Vantaa have received batches, and 100-gram organisms are now in their clinical ii, the fastest-growing, and do not expect to be the first to be approved as the exclusive species in the country. Given the good marketing performance of this kind of vaccine in foreign markets, and the huge market space in our country in the context of population ageing, we value the company’s potential.
Consider the company's deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-draw-out growth hormones, and give it “a strong recommendation” that growth hormones, as a largely self-financed product with high barriers, have no downward pressure on the price of medicines in the context of the overall price reduction of prescription drugs. As leading companies, such as the Golden Race Medicines industry, continue to push down channels, patient education, and marketing.
The growth of the workforce, the growth of the hormonal sector will continue to grow at a rapid rate, and the company ' s target for 2018 will increase at a rate that will be implemented successfully, with gold being held directly in the stock of listed companies, which will greatly stimulate their motivation and have a positive impact on the operation of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry.
The company’s performance is expected to increase when it is completed. As the value of the gold-track pharmaceutical industry’s valuation has not yet been published, and the share price of the matching fund is uncertain, a “strongly recommended” rating is given for the first time, without consideration of the expected net profit from the implementation of the programme.
Growth hormone sales have fallen short of expectations; other business failures have delayed the company ' s performance; and the current issuance of shares and the purchase of assets on a transferable basis has not been successfully implemented.