The growth hormones continue to grow and continue to look after them in the long term (000661.sz) and follow the annual report (000661).
Wang Xiaoqi realized a net profit of 1,006 million yuan for shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 52.05 per cent over the same period; and a deduction of 213.27 per cent, mainly as a result of the increased investment in the construction of new plants belonging to subsidiary companies.
(i) Maintenance of high growth in the pharmaceutical business and good cost-expenditure control The company maintained high growth in the pharmaceutical business during the reporting period. 18 Corporate income, net return, net gain and net non-return interest increased by 31.03 per cent, 52.05 per cent and 55.74 per cent, respectively, throughout the year.
This is a rapid increase, which we believe is mainly due to the contribution of the pharmaceutical business. Disbursing is the result of $4.750 billion, an increase of 37.55 per cent. Real estate accounts for $605 million, which is settled at o2 and o3 a year.
1.2018-10-23 Long Spring High Quarterly Monitor: perfect performance, $3.196 billion (+53.36 per cent) in the Golden Race Pharmacy industry and $1,132 million in net profits, 3.2018-04-25 Long Spring High Quarterly Review: high rate of growth in the pharmaceutical industry
Cost expenditure is well controlled. At the cost end, the annual sales rate is 38.97 per cent, an increase of 0.81 pp over the same year, and the management rate of 6.53 per cent, a decrease of 0.56 pp over the same year. In addition, a total of $396 million was invested in research and development throughout the year, an increase of 13.56 per cent over the same year. (ii) Growth hormones maintain a high growth momentum, with no impact on dominance.
Growth hormones have been growing strongly. We've judged that the revenues from corporate growth hormone sales have been close to $3 billion over 18 years, an increase of about 50% over the same year. This is mainly due to a steady increase in customer service satisfaction through more than 10,000 sales promotions and nearly 150 provincial conferences and meetings, which have kept stock and volume markets fast.
At the same time, long-term clinical effects were completed during the reporting period and re-registers were obtained seven months in advance. In the first three quarters, corporate growth hormone sales increased by 19.1 per cent compared to the previous quarter, with an overall municipal rate of 68.7 per cent and a strong dominant position.
At this point, the terminal hospital data show that the company generated more than $900 million in growth hormone sales in 2018, an increase of about 35% over the same year. Given the pattern of growth hormone sales (the patient diverts from the hospital’s hospital or children’s hospital after the hospital’s first visit), we consider it to be much larger and faster in real terms.
Figure 5. Price and speed of growth hormone sales by agent in the sample hospital, Figure 6.20181-9 Competition patterns in the domestic growth hormone market, Figure 7: Growth hormone sales in the terminal hospital (million yuan) and speed of growth in the final hospital
The company has an all-round advantage in the domestic growth hormone market, and we look forward to keeping it growing fast in the future. The gold game is a home-grown growth hormone tap, with the best agent, the most end-control, and the fastest new adaptive development. We see that the company’s growth hormone business is growing fast:
(1) The domestic growth hormone penetration rate is low and the market space is vast. We have about 7 million children in the treatment window period, with growth hormone deficiency (hd) affecting more than 2.8 million children, assuming a national market size of 4.5 billion yuan in 2018. Even taking into account the difference in consumption capacity between rural and urban areas, the treatment rate is only about 10%.
Disorders, with no consideration for the long-acting agent type, assuming that future towns and villages will have 20 per cent, 10 per cent, water needles and needles will have a conservative estimate of the size of our growth hormone treatment ghd market of more than 11 billion yuan, respectively. (2) The long-acting type has completed a iv phase of clinical research and is expected to contribute to elasticity and further consolidate the company.
The company’s long-acting growth hormones completed a iv-stage clinical study during the reporting period, which will provide a solid basis for product follow-up, academic outreach and advance to the European and American markets, with the promise of sustained performance elasticity. (3) Sales teams continue to expand, marketing channels continue to sink, and market coverage is expanded.
The team of approximately 1,400 people will continue to expand its sales team in the future and will continue to expand market coverage in order to increase the number of hospitals and prescription physicians covered, as well as the number of new patients in the group. (4) Competors will find it difficult to capture their share of the market for golden pins in the short term. This is due to the large space available in the domestic market.
Even with competitive considerations, Anke's water needles are expected to be approved as quickly as possible in the first half of the 19th century, and Nord and Nord water pins have been marketed, both of which are faced with bidding problems, while doctors have products on the end of which (5) growth hormones are mostly prescribed outside the courtyard and are not subject to drug substitution.
Following confirmation of the use of growth hormones at the beginning of the tri-a hospital, a prescription was passed to the children’s hospital or to a clinic on the side of the hospital, without being influenced by the ratio of highly controlled drugs in the hospital. (6) The high-level management market for children raises the temperature.
(iii) Vaccine operations have continued to grow at the same speed as last year, and the profits from the company's vaccine operations have largely remained at the same rate as last year's. 100-gram net profits have increased at a rate of 62.97 per cent, which we believe is mainly due to the vaccine apox.
Over the same period of the year, 1.63 million more copies were issued, with 36 per cent of the city's total, and the number of rabies vaccine and rabies vaccine increased faster in 18 years, up by 33.4 per cent compared with the annual issuance of 6.57,000 bottles of rabies and 3,667 million bottles of rabies throughout the year, up by 99.9 per cent from the same date.
Figure 8. Quantities of hydrazine vaccine issued (million bottles) Figure 9. Quantities of rabies vaccine issued (million bottles)
The pipeline product ladder is rich and is expected to contribute continuously to elasticity: (1) the rabies vaccine is expected to contribute to an increase in performance. The rabies vaccine process has been modified and expanded significantly during the 18-month period and has been issued at a high level since the second half of 17 years.
The market will recover faster and contribute to elasticity. (2) The vaccine will continue to open the international market and is expected to accelerate its release in the future. The company vaccine has been registered in India, Nigeria, and is about to be registered in Indonesia. In parallel, Guatemala, Bangladesh, Turkey, and Thailand are under way.
The product will also benefit from vaccine events, and it is hoped that through sustained expansion of the international market (3) the nostril flu vaccine will be released. It will be included in the priority review in June 18.
Products needed for clinical trials, with an advance pharmacological report from the Middle Court.(5) Invest in the Sino-Cultan organism, with a 20-price combination of pneumonia vaccine expected to enter the clinic in 19 years; (6) Buy human-wide anti-rabies unit resistance technology, which, if successfully placed on the market, will create synergies with the company's already existing rabies vaccine.
(iv) Reorganizing human ovarian hormones is still in the early stages of development, with a wide potential for import substitution. Reorganizing human ovarian new supplemental adaptive disorders are being clinically tested. Provagan is the dominant drug in the field of assisted reproduction in the country. Reorganizing human ovarian ovarian hormones has high technical barriers, high quality control stability, low pollution risk,
According to the sample hospital data, the market share of company products in the first three quarters of 2018 was only 2.7%. We believe that the company’s output is being released at a slightly lower rate than expected, mainly because of the presence of imported products.
There are differences in the type (pink vs water needles) and adaptive disorders (lack of “medically assisted reproduction techniques for controlling ultra-oval” adaptive disorders).cde first published in September 17 that the new company product supplementation of “advanced reproductive technology control super-eggs” Adaptive conditions are in clinical trials and, if approved, will accelerate the import substitution process.
Figure 11.20181-9 Sample Hospital competition patterns for the ovarian market: (v) 100 per cent control over the gold race and long-term release to streamline the mechanism for good performance The acquisition of the remaining 30 per cent of the gold-track pharmaceutical industry is in line with the demands of both parties for long-term release.
In addition, shareholders are committed to three years after the performance compensation period, which is easy to complete. We believe that the purchase of surplus shares in the gold-track pharmaceutical industry by listed companies is consistent with the demands of both parties to improve the integrity of core assets, on the one hand, and the mechanism, on the other, to give impetus to long-term performance growth, on the other.
The company’s 18-year performance, its continued high growth in medicine, is what we expect, and we continue to see good corporate development prospects. The company is home-grown biopharmaceutical leader, and we believe that growth hormone performance will continue to grow at a high rate: as consumption rises and people focus on height management, the growth hormone market will grow in the future.
The domain has full advantages in terms of product lines, end-control capabilities, rapid development of new adaptive conditions, technological leadership, and positive layout of new supply techniques. By agent type, the needle helps to consolidate competitive advantages; water needle development for new adaptive disorders is fast and rapid, and is expected to be sustained: long-acting is a monolithic type, and iv clinical completion and distribution channels will increase significantly.
Reorganizing human-induced ovarian hormones to fill a gap in national production, with the prospect of accelerated import substitution when the adaptive supplement is approved. The seedlings business is about to enter a new phase of development: the waterpox vaccine is opening up international markets, and rabies will be lost through process modification and agent upgrading.
The long-acting growth hormone market is not as popular as expected, the restructuring of the human ovarian hormone market is not as widespread as expected, vaccine safety risks and policy risks, and new medicines are not being developed as expected.