Options for the consumption of automobiles and auto parts and components, a waste of time, equity incentives to open up new growth engines (Pacific Car Strategy 2019) Events: Corporate issues a draft equity incentive scheme, which is intended to award incentives to target audiences
This stock-incentive performance test involves a double examination of sales and net profits over the next three years. The performance test 2019-2021 is more focused on sales and the maintenance of market shares, and the goal is highly humanized.
Probability is high, good faith is strong. Performance over the next three years is solid, but in essence, if the industry recovers gradually, it is expected to be over-achieved, benefiting nearly 2,000 people, with a wide range of incentives. The total number of incentives awarded for the first time is total.
Total market value/flow (millions) 1928 beneficiaries, almost 2,000 beneficiaries, including directors, executives, and core technology and management
A broad and effective range of incentives can help to benefit more people, as well as to contribute effectively to the growth of more core talent in companies and to enjoy the benefits of their future growth. For the first time, the Great Wall Car (601633) has been awarded a better one-car profit ring.
The release of stocks and options in three phases after the 12 months of their duration, effectively removing doubts and raising the core workforce (the Pacific Cars' 2019 war interests are tied to long-term development).
The introduction of this equity incentive program is a strategic shift for the Great Wall, which will be a single quarter of the Great Wall, and which has been of great strategic importance for the company in recent years.
Continuous introduction of core technical experts and senior management talent to effectively retain them through equity incentives - 2019/08/19 Live-in talent and tied interests, and sound incentive mechanisms to help companies attract more in the future
The Great Wall Automobile (601633) continues beyond the industry, and in July it's good talent. The company's new platform product is expected to be rolled out in the second half of next year, with a new product cycle in the next three years, strong talent support, and a gradual recovery of the industry in the future.
Investment proposals: Corporate equity incentives are a waste of time, a major change in management philosophy and upgrading for companies, the retention of more talented people through equity incentives, the opening of new engines that have not been built up, and the first half of the Wall is now sold as the recovery of vehicles is expected to grow.
After a high increase, the city’s rate of reversibility rose, and three quarters of a single-season rate of profit increased. The Pacific Motors Ongoing Strategy recommended the Great Wall, and we expect the company’s net profit to be 4.5 billion yuan/5.5 billion yuan in 19/20 years, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report