In the case of automobiles, there is a reverse trend in the volume of sales, with the advantage of the tap being the ratio of vehicle production to 16.3 per cent and combined sales to 9.3 per cent.
According to the sub-brands, in January-June, the cumulative volume of Huff brand sales was 3,529,000, an increase of 8.47 per cent over the same period; Wey brands accumulated 469,000, a decrease of 39.62 per cent over the same period: the cumulative volume of Great Wall brand sales was 668,000, a decrease of 2.61 per cent over the same period: the cumulative volume of Eura brand sales was 27.7 million.
In June, Huff brands sold 453,000 vehicles, or 7.44 per cent more: cumulative sales for the current year were 35.29 million, or 8.47 per cent more.h In the series, the “national car” (h) sold 27.1 million, or 2.94 per cent more, and accumulated the top sales for 73 months.f
In the & M series, f7 has had the potential to explode since it was listed in November last year, with monthly sales continuing to climb up the slope, with 10.1 million vehicles sold in June and over 10,000 for six months in a row; m6 accumulated sales of 4.18 in the first half of the year, with a high-value advantage, an increase of 126%. In the second half of the year, the f series will also introduce a new car, F7x, the Haver classic.
Hover's annual sales are expected to remain steady with the combined power of the old and new car, and the new energy sources are rising up and rising. The company is selling new energy vehicles with three shares, not Euroiq, Orarr1 and Weyp8.
Value-added services such as "value-for-money buy-for-money" combined sales of 27,000 vehicles in the first half of the year under the Ora brand were successful in moving up to the top ten of China's new energy-car brand. In the second half of the year, the company will launch new energy models such as Orar2 and Weyp8gt, which are expected to increase faster as the pattern is gradually improved.
As the country’s car market moves from incremental to stock markets, companies speed up the expansion of overseas markets. On June 5, Russia’s factory in Tula came to work, and announced that it would be able to do so.
In June, the company exported 6711 vehicles, an increase of 83.31 per cent over the same period;
In the second half of the year, exports are expected to continue to grow at a faster pace, and the gradual release of capacity from new overseas plants will move on to the Great Wall: improved sales and profitability, with performance contributing up to new performance gains.
The Great Wall Cars: The return of sales in January was over-expected, and new talent was proposed for investment: in a generally depressed environment in the automobile industry in the first half of the year, corporate output was reversed, and the market was rising and the vanguard was highlighted. In our view, policies to promote car consumption, tax cuts, etc.
Great Wall Cars: The Middle East reported a significant increase in the forecast, and performance was largely positive. The motor vehicle industry is expected to recover gradually in the second half of the year; corporate sales are expected to continue to grow steadily with the advantage of the vanguard, while profit rates may improve considerably.
Wall Cars: Jing Jing Jing, Wall and BMW joint venture focus