The semi-annual performance of the Great Wall Car (601633) was in line with expectations, and the profits of the bicycles were steadily restored to the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
760 million yuan, representing a slight decrease in the net profit from the non-return to the mother of 600 million yuan, compared with the previous quarter, sales grew steadily, with the single-car value ring rising. In the first half of 2019, the company sold 494,000 vehicles, an increase of 4.7 per cent compared with the previous quarter, of which 21 million vehicles were sold in the second quarter alone, a decline of 2 per cent compared with the previous quarter, and the sales showed significant performance.
In the first half of 2019, the value of a bicycle was $84,000 per vehicle, a decline apparent from the same period last year, mainly due to a drop in the sales of the Wey brand with a higher sales price for a bicycle. The value of a bicycle in the second quarter was $89,000 per vehicle in one quarter, a marked increase in the value of a bicycle of $80,000 per vehicle in one quarter, mainly because of a sales share of F7.
• A steady recovery in the profits of bicycles and a downward revision of the sales target will contribute to sustained development. In the first half of the year 2019, the company made a profit of $0.031 million per vehicle and a profit of $0.025 million per vehicle. Of this, $0.036 million per vehicle per quarter and $0.028 million per vehicle per quarter was raised by $0.09 million per quarter and $0.08 million per vehicle per quarter, respectively
$0.05 million, taking into account the company’s increased terminal sales in June for the country’s five stocks, the actual bicycle profit recovery is higher than expected. According to our terminal study, the full discount on entering the Great Wall terminal in July is fully recovered, and it is expected that the three-quarters profits will continue to warm.
The target for sales has been reduced from 1.2 million vehicles to 1.07 million vehicles for subsequent sustainable development. • Business improvement has steadily advanced, with a three-year up-to-date cycle. We've judged that the year 2019-2021 was a combination of corporate sales and a new product cycle that has led to a further increase in product competitiveness and is now a four-way drive of m,h,f and wey.
In the Translator Series, where f-series sales are outstanding; and 2, where technology reserves support differentiated layouts, public sector six engine reserves are well developed, helping companies to make a smooth transition from country five to country six. At the same time, the new platform will be on the market by the end of 2019, providing consumers with a more dynamic choice: 3, marketing continues to change.
Q: From 2018 onward, marketing talent was introduced to compensate for the company’s short-term growth in marketing. The combined performance growth rate for the next three years was 17.8%, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
3. The Great Wall car (601633), leading the Suv wind, setting the autonomous pole (2019-06-09)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.