A fire in the cold winter in the city of the car, and sales in June were regressing (Pacific Car Strategy 2019) Events: the company released a fast-distribution report for the month of June, resulting in sales of 633,000 vehicles in June, a year-on-year increase
In China, the sales volume was 5.2 million, in China, 7166 for pickups, in Europe, 3,762 for brands, and in Europe, 3,762 for brands.
The problem will be resolved gradually in July. In addition, the end-of-pipe requirements for these vehicles will be determined by the end-of-life requirements.
The Great Wall is a leading and affected car company in the six-way shift of the current round, with no large-scale dumping of the five, with a short-term price on hand with competitors.
9,127/9,127 Short-term disadvantages, but with the gradual conversion of country six, firm strength and total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
F7 continues to heat up the re-disposal, and the offshore market is expected to grow gradually.f7 is a key feature of the Great Wall Car (601633), one of the big singles, with 1,0128 sales in June, which has been in place for seven months since it came to the market.
The scale of the sale of more than 10,000 vehicles, which became a brand-new model after h6, has recently been set at f7x each configuration. The Great Wall is recommended for depth series III of the annual strategy.
The company's export sales in June were 6711 of the same-year-old growth, and the Great Wall vehicle (601633), with a core technology of 83.31%, is overseas, and future exports are working with overseas factories to supply overseas markets.
Wey's brand sales are short-lived, but with recent branding efforts and strategic recommendations for 2019 -- 2019/06/20.
Great Wall Cars (601633) is more inverse than industry, country r1 has been cut off and new sources of energy will be new. Orar1 is based on completely new pure electric power.
The launch of the Global Strategy -- 2019/06/11 Euraru2 and the introduction of a more distinctive and cost-effective configuration of existing models, while gradually starting to be marketed in more areas, is expected to follow.
The source recently released the most innovative global first-ever zero-cobalt-free nmx and ncma four-dollar batteries, with the hope of occupying the heights of a new power cell revolution, and the future performance of the Wall ' s cars in the new energy sector will be a new bright spot and will be completely free from the pressure and constraints of double-calibration.
Investment proposal: Corporate sales are expected to continue to have a greater advantage after the six-way switch, and wholesale sales are still low due to the impact of going to stock, but retail sales have improved in June, as the industry is expected to recover in the second half of the year, with the Wall as an autonomous vehicle.
The branding of branded flag companies, which continue to outpace sales and raise market shares, the recovery period of the industry will be more resilient, and we will continue to propose strategies to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.