Wall car (601633): Jean-Marie's share.
The Great Wall is China's largest suv manufacturing enterprise and national product.
And Ora's four brands, with products covering pickups, cars and suv, with a net profit of 1,517 million yuan from the mother, a significant decline of 58.95 per cent from the same period; net profit from the deduction of the non-mortality of 1,241 million; three categories of goods, with three main products: preservation, Xu Shui and Tianjin.
Base. The company’s business is dominated by the manufacture and sale of the entire car, and also by a fall in profits, a fall in vehicle sales, and a rise in profit promotion. According to the China-China Air Association, 12.23 million vehicles were sold in the first half of the year, a 12.4 per cent decline compared to the previous year, while the Great Wall’s cars were growing.
The decline in net profits suggests that the Great Wall cars have taken up their share of the market by increasing discounts in the low-car market. Eura locates the “good electric cars” with joint-venture products having little impact on their competition.
New-energy car markets are the top ten. With the size of the joint venture, autonomous brands are hit harder, but we believe that Eurola positioning a-grade and a-00-grade models, high-value iq series and a pattern premium r series are less competitive with joint ventures.
According to China’s Pika Network, the country’s cumulative sales of 230.5 million pickups in January and July, a 10.3 per cent increase compared to the negative growth of the entire city. The Wall’s car, as the country’s producer of pickups, has maintained its share of pickups since 1998.
The Great Wall Gun is the first under the company’s flag, with three commercial, off-road and multiply versions. The current domestic pickup is dominated by the lower-middle end, and this time the Great Wall Gun has been launched or will lead to a new trend in the consumption of the cards.
Liu Xiaoming, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Tens of thousands, down 12.4% in the same year, have fallen significantly in sales of autonomous brands like upper steam, gilley, and so forth, while the Great Wall’s cars have registered positive growth. Net profits have declined at a time when sales have increased, suggesting that the Wall’s cars have taken up market share by raising product preferences in the low-car market.
According to the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, the volume of cars sold in China during the first half of the year declined by 12.4 per cent, including 617,000 new energy vehicles, an increase of 49.6 per cent compared with the corresponding increase in market penetration.
Eurola, which is a pure electric brand under the Great Wall's car flag, has now launched a short-distance locomotive, at a price of about $70,000, and a popular daily Suv Euroiq, at a price of around $120,000. Market recognition has gradually increased since the market was introduced last August, with a cumulative total of 24,957 vehicles sold in the first half of the year, accounting for the top 10 sales of the domestic market for new energy vehicles.
With the size of the joint venture entering, autonomous brands have been hit much more, but we believe that Eurola positioning a-grade and a00-grade models, high-value Eastern financial and intellectual sources of iq series and r series with a pattern premium are less competitive with joint ventures.
In July 2018, the Great Wall and BMW jointly established a light car company to build a production base in Jiangsu Zhang, planning to produce 160,000 electric versions of Mini vehicles per year, which are expected to be in production by the end of 2020. In addition, the Wall was replenished with 25 per cent shareholding in the capital vehicle.
According to China’s Pika Network, the country’s cumulative sales of 230.5 million pickups in January and July, an increase of 10.3% compared with the negative growth in the overall city. The Wall’s automobile, as a national pickup of Picard, has been in the forefront since 1998, with 30.8% in 2018 and 35.69% in 2019h1.
♪ Qingling Picard ♪ ♪ Yellow Sea Picard ♪
The Great Wall Gun, which is the first under the company’s flag, will have commercial, off-road and three versions. The current domestic pickup is dominated by the lower-middle end, and the launch of the Great Wall Gun marks a high-end Chinese pickup that will compete with the world’s front-line pick-up. Against a backdrop of declining cars, the company’s sub-market of dominant business is expected to be the company’s firm.
For the US pickup market, the market has great potential. According to sales data, the United States accounted for 16% of the car market in 2018, while China accounted for only 1.6% of the total number of items sold in 2018 in the first Fordf series in the United States, 909,330, far above China ' s sales in 2018.
447,985. The size of China’s earth is similar, but China’s pickup market is far less than the United States, with huge market potential. 4. Profit forecasting and valuation.
At the end of the year, at Chongqing Youngcheon production base, the company's output was released. At the same time, Euraar 2 was on the market in the third quarter, and the company's leader, Picarda, was in a stable position.
With the opening of China’s pickup market and the warming of the entire car market, company automobile sales are expected to increase further. The price of raw materials has risen dramatically.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Great Wall Car (601633): Jean-Li's share, Eura to avoid foreign investment.
Liu Qinghua University B.A., Dartmouth College, United States of America, seven years of experience in project management and technology development in the auto parts and components industry at home and abroad.
The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.