Reverse growth in sales, looking forward to a recovery in the industry - Wall Car (601633), tracking of sales in July, corporate total sales in July, and Haffah 6, f7, m6 still hot, wey
The series is temporarily stable, new energy sales are reduced by the downside of subsidies, overseas markets are in place, innovative Great Wall asset management is in place, and companies are expected to take the lead in the recovery of the car market.
In July, the company achieved a total sales of 60,000 vehicles, an increase of 11.1 per cent, and by brand, the Hover brand was still on the market.
A 11.4 per cent decline, while a total of 9,489 were sold in the f series, and the market value of the circulationa share (billion yuan) increased by 5.3 per cent since it was marketed in November 2018, with a total of 396,000 Huff brands sold, representing an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period and autonomy.
A relatively deep 300 index of the stock shows a small number of regressive growth cars in brands. The Wey series is temporarily stable, and new energy sales are slightly reduced: company owners hit high-end brands.
At the beginning of the series, there was good market feedback, with a peak of 20,000 monthly sales, influenced by the downside of the industry, which began to show below market expectations in the second half of last year, with a 36.1 per cent drop in sales in July this year, and a subsequent roll-out of five new items by the company vv6.
Smart Security is a core selling point for the supershocks of Wey's smart car. The company values the new energy strategy, and since the second half of last year, the new energy vehicle model has been introduced, and the Ora series, which is located in pure electrically weak cars, has gained good reputations and ratings in the market segment since it was introduced.
But, as a result of the downside of the new energy car subsidy, the performance in July was slightly reduced, and the Eurasia series performed better in the energy-segregated market. Greater efforts were made to expand overseas markets, and exports were progressing well: the Great Wall in Russia in June 2019.
_aaa_The Great Wall Cars (601633) reports the completion of the first phase of the construction of the plant, which is expected to produce 80,000 units per year, marking a major breakthrough in the internationalization of the Wall, and the company's commitment to a deep Russian localization investment over the next 10 years will include one or two phases.
The core parts of factories, engines, gear tanks, etc., were invested in about $4.56 billion, amounting to aaaa Great Wall (601633) a quarterly report on the evaluation of Cho Springwood.
The total postnatal output is expected to be over $18 billion, the company ' s Tula plant is now mainly producing F7 and H9 and F7 is expected to gain a place in the Russian market as a result of good value for money, as well as production capacity.
In terms of company exports, thousands of vehicles, an increase of 35.7% over the previous year, performed well. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: at present, domestic passenger cars are in the final stages, with six standards in the country.
With the gradual erosion of the influence factor and the low base effect of the second half of last year, it is expected that sales in the fourth quarter will be better off, and companies, as domestic suv leaders, will be able to continue to grow in reverse, Hover's brand will continue to grow, the new energy Eura, the Wey series will continue to improve.
Product layout, well-developed overseas markets, and companies are expected to take the lead in the recovery phase of the industry. Car sales are not as high as expected, overseas markets are not expanding as expected, sales are growing at a slower rate than expected, and the Hover series is doing well.
In July 2019, against the backdrop of negative domestic vehicle growth, the Wall recorded a positive reverse growth, with the company having achieved a total sales of 60 million vehicles in July, an increase of 11.1 per cent compared to the previous year, while the Hafer brand remained at its best, with a total of 43,000 vehicles, an increase of 15.0 per cent compared to the previous year, of which 23,000 vehicles, a decrease of 11.4 per cent, were sold in July.
The sale of 9,489 vehicles, which has grown well since their listing in November 2018, has remained at about 10,000 per month, and is expected to become the next blaster after H6. In January-July, the company achieved a total of 554,000 vehicles, an increase of 5.3 per cent compared to the previous year, of which the Hafer brands sold 396,000.
It's a counter-growth brand with a 9.1% increase. Because of the poor performance of the domestic car market, the company has gone down, and with the advent of the golden season, the domestic car market is expected to return to a better positive growth in the fourth quarter, and, according to the good performance of the Hafer brand, the company's sales target is largely within reach, and the overall sales are growing at a higher rate than in the industry.
At the beginning of the launch of the company's middle-end brand Wey series, there was good market feedback, with a peak of 20,000 vehicles per month, but the industry's downside, which began to show below market expectations in the second half of last year, with 7,246 in July.
The company focused on a new energy strategy, starting with the launch of a new energy vehicle model in late last year, with the Eura series, which is located in a pure electric minibus, and which has received good slogans and ratings in the market since it was listed, but which has been backed by a new energy vehicle subsidy.
In July, the impact of the slopes decreased slightly, with 2,071 sales in the Eura series, representing a 44.9 per cent decline in the ring comparison and a cumulative sales volume of 29,000 in January-July.
In addition to focusing on the domestic car market, the Wall has always had the intention of pushing its own brand to the international stage, especially in the context of increased competition in domestic stock, which could lead to a new incremental market for companies. The completion in June 2019 of the first phase of Russia’s Tula plant, which is expected to produce 80,000 units per year, marks a major breakthrough in the internationalization of the Wall.
The company committed itself to investing about $4.56 billion in core parts, including phase I and phase II plants, engines, gear tanks, etc., over the next 10 years. The total postnatal output is expected to exceed $18 billion.
In the Russian market, the company is expected to expand its suv advantage to the international market as the site of the Tula plant is generally viewed and as the capacity is gradually released. In terms of company exports, the company’s export volume in July was 7,403, an increase of 69.5% compared to the increase in 69.5% compared to the cumulative export of 38,000 vehicles in January–July, an increase of 35.7% compared with the increase in the previous year.
At present, domestic passenger cars are in the final stages of exploration, and with the gradual erosion of the national six-standard switching influence and the low base effect of the second half of last year, it is expected that sales in the fourth quarter will be expected to pick up better, that companies, as domestic suv leaders, will be able to maintain a reverse growth in the industrial landscape, and that the Hover brands will continue to be sold, and that the new energy Eura, the Wey series will be perfected.
We expect the company to benefit from the recovery phase of the industry. We expect the company to sell more cars than expected, and the overseas market to expand as expected.