The option to consume automobiles and auto parts and components will be three quarters as the Great Wall returns to a single season of high profit growth (the Pacific Car 2019), which continues to outpace the industry, with a single season of high profit growth.
After doing business, we expect the Great Wall profits to return to high growth in the third quarter of last year, when the Wall's vehicle returns to its mother in the first quarter of last year were only $230 million net, while the Wall's cars did not return in the third quarter of this year, either in terms of sales or in terms of single-car profits.
The six-nation switch has been completed, the overall industry discounts have been shrinking, the second quarter of the Great Wall is beginning to recover, and the profits are expected to rise even further in the third quarter. Picard sales have increased, and high-end guns have opened the new pickup strategy.
In July, Picard’s sales began to rise, and as the country’s six-car pattern is further put in place, and the high-end pickup can be marketed, it is expected that the three-quarter pick-up will be higher than the second quarter. The Foreign Minister’s new “1-2-3” strategy, which is to maintain the highest domestic and export sales, will be launched in the city;
By 2020, the annual sales will have exceeded 200,000; by 2025, the cumulative global sales will have surpassed 3 million, and the new strategy's pickups will have brought even more prominence to the company.
The Great Wall car (601633) continued beyond industry, in July, remained at around 0.15 million, and with the deployment of new pieces of technology, such as the 2020 Vv6 pixel lamp, sheepdogs, security systems, etc., the product strength was further enhanced and sales were expected to go to new stations.
Wey’s brand’s steady and moderate trend is clear, and it will give a greater boost to long-term profitability. The Russian market has won the Chinese brand’s cinnamon.
Investment proposals: With the expected increase in the recovery of the Great Wall in the first half of the year, with higher sales in the first half of the Wall, there will be an upturn in the city, and the rate of profit growth in the second half of the year is to be expected.
With a slight recommendation for the Great Wall, the future of the Wall is expected to continue to outperform the industry, and we expect both sides to benefit from the possibility of giving up in the middle.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report