The New Age of Automobiles and Autobotive Parts and Components has been powered by a seamless alignment of the new two-points policy (Pacific Motors Strategy 2019) Event: The recent release of the new two-parts consultation draft has attracted widespread market interest, but just before it.
The Great Wall has also released its new ceremonial dynamics, and we've studied the technical details of the ceremonial ceremonials, which, if used entirely for the new model of the Wall, are to deal with the new bipolar divides, which, in particular, emphasize the constant loss of traditional fuel power, while the ceremonial gyres are to be used for the new model of the Wall.
First, the conventional fuel power mix 1. The new 4n20 engine platform uses the Miller cycle, which is the earlier use of Miller by the autonomous brand.
One of the engines of circular technology, the Miller cycle, which is one of the sharp tools for improving the economics of engine fuel, is currently mainly applied by solar manufacturers in parts of the vehicle pattern.
The new 4n20 engine forward version of heat efficiency can reach up to 50%. The total market value/flow (millions) of heat efficiency is fundamental to reducing engine fuel consumption through thin combustion, egr, lean-bum, etc.
A maximum/minimum 12-month 4n20-ey26 engine will achieve 50% heat efficiency and will also be one of the most heat-efficient cars in the world.
The Great Wall is the country's first large-scale, large-scale, auto-transformation, and sales in June are back on the rise.
It's going to bring the whole car down to a lower level, with a higher load torque in the lower gear, and the Great Wall Car (601633) "The thick and thin-haired Ola, the Year's Strategy recommends the Wall's Deep-In Series III."
1. High-performance p2+p4 combined power matrix system for mixed power systems, using high-performance fuel engines in front bridges and Great Wall vehicles (601633).
The p2 module, which uses the e-axle bridge, accelerates to less than 5s at the same time as it enters the new era of the "Story Age" (Pacific Cars) that dramatically reduces fuel consumption.
With regard to pure electric power and fuel cell vehicles,1 and pure electric power, the company ' s current me platform, which is a brand-new pure electric platform, has a significant advantage in electricity consumption, with a primary vehicle, r.100 km, at less than 10.
2. With regard to fuel cell power aggregates, the Wall is the oldest vehicle stock and now has autonomous technological reserves for the core technical components of the fuel cell. Investment advice: the company’s entire generation of power generation reserve will be a tool for dealing with double-centre policies.
We expect that the company’s net return profits for 19 to 20 years will remain low, but retail sales have shown signs of improvement in June, and demand in the second half of the year, when the industry is really under construction, is expected to recover gradually, with the Great Wall car as a brand-owned flag company.
With a sustained upturn and an increase in market share, the recovery period will be more resilient, and we will continue to recommend strategies to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.