The Great Wall Car (601633) has continued to grow in sales and export performance has been excellent, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Incidents: The company published sales data for July, when it sold 60,357 vehicles, an increase of 11 per cent over the same period. Of these, the Hafer brand sales were 42,888, an increase of 15 per cent over the same period. Wey brand sales were 7,246, an increase of 2 per cent over the same period. Exports were 7403, an increase of 69 per cent over the same year.
At the end of retailing, as the industry recovers overall discounts, retail sales are expected to be low in July, company official discounts are recovered during the same period, and distributors provide incentives to boost end sales.
In July, the number of sales rose to 5052. The Eura brand sales were 2071, down from the June ring, and were mainly affected by the June industry overflow. Export sales showed excellent performance, with a sharp increase in both the same and the same, and companies abroad in the future as the Russian factory in Tula gradually released production capacity.
• Business continues to improve, and product cycles continue to strengthen. We maintain the prediction of industrial warming in the second half of the year, and in the medium to long term, for the following reasons:
Upgrade, which now forms four major traditional systems of m, h, f, and wey. In July, the company was listed as a new vv6, a breakthrough in intelligent driving and lighting, reflecting the competitiveness of the company ' s new products; and 2, Technology Reserves support the differentiated layout, while the new platform will be marketed by the end of 2019, providing consumers with a much richer supply.
The power options of the rich, while at the same time compensating for the short cut in light quantification,3 continued improvement in marketing: the gradual introduction of marketing talent from 2018 to compensate for the company's short cut at the end of the marketing cycle, with a combined performance growth rate of 17.8 per cent over the next three years, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Great Wall Cars (601633): Semi-annual performance is in line with expectations, and the profits of the bicycles have recovered steadily (2019-07-21). 2. Wall Cars (601633): negative growth in sales in June.
4. The Great Wall car (601633), leading the Suv wind, setting the autonomous pole (2019-06-09)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.