It is in the interests of both sides to cooperate with BMW and the Wall to give up the possibility of doing so (the Pacific Car Strategy 2019).
On the national side, media reports have reported that BMW-GW cooperation could be interrupted, and that the company’s share price could also be affected. 1, BMW China, and the Great Wall’s car responded first, denying rumors of a break-up in the joint venture. BMW responded more directly: BMW’s Great Wall team worked well together.
2. We believe that there are differences in the process of joint ventures, and that the media amplifies the negative news. Unlike BMW’s other joint ventures, the Wall has a much more exclusive interpretation and judgment of China’s market, with a lower degree of compromise on the German side, and differences are inevitable.
Three, differences are less likely to cause the project to abort, and the BMW-mini project has a much higher dependency on the Wall. BMW brands have been very successful in China, and products have been very powerful globally, so no partner is a problem. But Mini brands are not.
Total equity/flow (million shares) is as competitive as a BMW, and relying on a master like the Wall may be faster to achieve total market value/flow (millions)
So abandoning cooperation is not the best option for the BMW. In conclusion, we emphasize that the Wall will continue to be at the heart of the growth in production and sales over the next three years.
Ka), Hafer, Wey, Ora, four major brands, not such a joint venture as Wall-Mini, the Great Wall Car (601633), the De-stocking of Picards, the Great Wall-Mini partnership's success in adding value to the Great Wall's investment, and failure has no central impact.
The long-term growth potential (Pacific Car War 2019, Investment Proposal: The Pacific Vehicle Sustainability Strategy recommends the Great Wall car, and the second half of the Wall's car sales, the Great Wall Car (601633) has steadily recovered its profits.
It will continue to outperform the industry, and we expect that the corporate net return profits in 19-20 years will be strong at a more vulnerable level of management (Pacific automobiles 4.5 billion/5.5 billion, currently a share 15 times the 2019 dynamic valuation, h share dynamics valuations are based on
The Great Wall Cars (601633) The New Age Motivation of the New Two-Class Policy (Strategic Recommendations for the Pacific Cars 2019) - 2019/07/18
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report