The company released its semi-annual report for 2019, which achieved total operating income of $41,377 million during the reporting period, and secured the innovative Great Wall asset management.
Promotional concessions and partial cost increases have led to a decline in performance: corporate revenue fell in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis.
As a result of increased marketing costs and investment in R & D, in particular, the company achieved a total of 4603,000 vehicles in the first half of the year against the backdrop of an increase of 12.4 per cent in domestic automobiles, compared with growth, a slowdown in the domestic economy, low demand for automobile consumption as a result of a six-standard switch in the country, and increased corporate promotion.
We believe that, with the formal implementation of the six standards in some urban countries, the emissions-exchange factor will be phased out and the city is expected to recover to a certain degree in the second half of the year.
At the same time last year, at the end of July, about 51.8 per cent of the progress had been achieved, the “Golden Bank 10” consumption season and a certain level of warmth in the four quarters of the city were expected to lead companies to probably achieve their sales targets, and overall, the decline in sales promotion in the second half of the year and the increase in the average vehicle price resulting from the improvement in product structure
This is the company’s most important profit guarantee. In terms of the cost of the period, the sales rate for the first half of the year was 3.65% lower than for the same period last year.
Due to increased depreciation amortization and office costs, financial cost rate - 0.18 per cent, mainly due to increased interest income on bank deposits and exchange differences, R & D cost rate of 2.28 per cent was 0.52 per cent higher than the same period last year, reflecting the company ' s increased R & D expenditure in the current process of industrial change upgrading
_aaa_The Great Wall Car (601633) evaluation report shows a determination to improve product competitiveness.
The company has been able to achieve significant results since 2018 in the extraction of spare parts under the flag, and has set up the Beehive, Mande Electronics, the Norbo Motors System and the Fine Engineers ' Cars, where the nests have been able to create the R & D of parts and components of the system, i.e., zero.
In the first half of 2019, the company earned $1.94 billion, an increase of 12.2 per cent over the same period, significantly better than the industry average. The Māori rate was 41.3 per cent, an increase of 2.55 pct over the same period last year.
With better results, the independent operation of the spare parts business with a market-based mechanism facilitates its technological innovation and scale, followed by a back-breeding of the vehicle, leading to the overall strength of the vehicle plus the core parts.