Selective car and car parts continue to outperform the industry with a double-digit increase in sales in July (Pacific Car Strategy 2019) Events: A company released a July sale fast report with a 60.3 million sales in July, a year-on-year increase
Suv achieved 50.1 million sales, pickups 8075, Eura brands 2,071 and Olar 1 1,677. Totals continued to grow in reverse, f7 and h6. Totals grew in double digits, in reverse.
Far beyond the industry, the market share continues to rise. The company’s focus on young product F7, the end-use needs, has become another booming model after h6, and other models such as h6, whose sales performance is expected. In July, the company achieved 7403 export sales, representing a substantial increase of 69.48 per cent.
Roth's overseas factory is doing well, and it's got a full-scale switch, and m6 sales are starting to pick up. The Great Wall is six steps ahead, with 9,127,917,127.
There were no large-scale low-price promotions for five products, which had suffered short-term price disadvantages. After a six-way shift in total market value/flow (million dollars), the company’s products continued to show strong competitiveness and value-for-money advantages, with good momentum.
The Great Wall car (601633) grew by 355.6% in July, the Russian market won the Chinese brand cinnamon, the new energy car is under short-term pressure, and the r1 blast potential remains.
Prior-period overdraft effects, short-term market demand pressure, loss of lost mass for new energy vehicles as a whole, -2019/08/07
But growth in the medium-to-long term has not changed. The Great Wall's Ora brand has sold 2,071 this month, of which the Great Wall Cars (601633), the BMW-Governance Partnership, matches the 1,677 sales of Lar1, which had been broken down into subterranean areas and has accumulated a certain amount of slogans.
The interests of both parties, the possibility of giving up in the middle (Pacific gas and influence, the potential for the explosion, the future performance in the new energy sector is still to be expected as more proprietary versions are marketed and more regions are marketed, and the technological advantages of the exclusive platform are available.
The Great Wall Car (601633) De-store, long-term growth potential.
We expect to continue to outperform the industry in the future, and we expect the company to return a net profit of 4.5 billion yuan/55 billion in 19/20.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report