The Māori rate is stable and the profits of the bicycles are rising.
The Māori ring ratio has remained stable, with improved cost rates over the period. Since the second half of last year, the company ' s increased product preferences have resulted in a flatly low Māori ratio, which dropped to 6.25 pct in the first half of the year, affecting the company ' s profitability level.
Similar to q1, the Māori ring ratio remained stable, with a year-on-year cost decrease of 1.68 pct, mainly due to an improvement in the sales rate.
During the same period, a cumulative decline of 8.3 per cent over the same period was recorded in the sales of narrow passenger vehicles, the new Huff 5/f7, Weyvv6, Eurar 1/iq equivalents, totalling 60.9 million vehicles, which have been introduced since the second half of last year.
At the same time, there has been an improvement in the structure of the company’s products, with an increase in revenue from q2 bicycles and profits from bicycles, with a 12% and 30% increase in the ring ratio, respectively. The Eura brand has been growing steadily, and the growth of new energy vehicles has been significant.
With regard to new energy vehicles, the company ' s sales of new energy vehicles have increased significantly since the market of Eurar1/iq, with a cumulative sales of 27.7 million vehicles in the first half of the year, of which the Eura brand has accumulated sales of 25.5 million, compared with 300 in the last six months.
For the top ten brands of the domestic market for new energy cars, the company’s new energy cars sold only 1,073 during the same period last year. Cars sold below the expected risks; industry policies did not match the expected risks.
Date of initial report: August 27, 2019. Research by a yellow-haired teacher. Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.