The profits of single cars have recovered steadily, and the vulnerability has been stronger (the Pacific Cars Strategy 2019). The sales target for 2019 has been adjusted to 1.07 million.
Market concerns have been broken, and the net profits of the bicycles have been raised. Prior to the market’s fear that the six-way shift in May or June might have significantly affected the company’s performance, but thanks to the company’s excellent management level, the net profits of the second quarter of a single-season profit ring improved significantly, slightly over-expected performance and broken the market.
Of these, 32.5% were raised by the net profit of q2 single-season bicycles (q1 for $2724). 25.5% were raised by the net profit of $2845 (q1 for $2267) for single-season bicycles.
In a context of weak industrial demand and a sharp decline in stock prices in the five rival countries, the Great Wall’s overall discount is stable, and the price system is strong, with sales increasing by about 5% in the first half of the year.
The brand power of the Great Wall's Car 601633, which is based on a million-dollar inventory, is starting to work, guaranteeing the company's future low speed and seamlessly symmetry to the new two-points policy (Pacific Cars).
The Great Wall Cars (601633), a target adjustment in the cold winter of the city, is still to be expected in the second half of the year.
Fire, in June, sales have regressed in positive growth (Pacific gas has changed the macroeconomic and industrial sectors as a whole, has not changed the trend of corporate reversion over industry, and will ease the pressure on distributors and contribute more to the healthy and stable development of the marketing system.
The Great Wall car (601633), the thick and thin-haired Ora, the cannons, the Olar2 and other remodeled vehicles, will help to meet the volume target, while the H6/f7/m6 model will continue to spread across the country and continue to be expected.
The Year ' s Strategy recommends the Great Wall ' s Insight Series III) - 2019/06/24 Investment Recommendations: Net one-car profit rises on schedule, and corporate excellence in management re-emerging.
The trend to adjust sales targets without changing the firm’s vulnerability to industry is still expected in the second half of the year, with hundreds of millions of dollars. The Great Wall vehicle, as a flag company with its own brand, continues to outpace and raises its share of the market, with a more resilient recovery period for the industry, and the Pacific’s vehicle sustainability strategy is recommended.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report