Selectable car and car spare parts Deposition of pickup stock with great potential for long-term growth (Pacific Car Strategy 2019) Incident: China Picaca Network data show end-of-service shares for the Great Wall Pecca in May/June 2019
Not 10653, 10647, compared with 8117, 7166, for the same period, and for two months in a row, the final sales were significantly higher than the bulk sales and the inventory was deconstructed.
The difference between the structure and the use of vehicles, compared with the early implementation country of over 60 per cent of sales in the region,6 is only about 40 per cent of sales in the six regions of the country in which the pickups were made, and the impact of export overdrafts in the industry is much less than in the case of passenger vehicles.
The company has already taken the lead in launching a six-page version of the market as a small number of national six-card products, which will be in the six regions of the countries that have implemented it.
9,127/9,127 took the lead. The six versions of Vulture 5 and Windpower 6 were not available for total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
In early implementation countries six, there is a need to replenish stocks after successive decolonization, and short-term wholesale sales are expected to remain strong. Given that the pickup market currently accounts for only about 1.6% of total vehicle sales, the medium-term growth potential is enormous as the card’s restrictive policies ease and liberalize.
The Great Wall car (601633) has seen a steady recovery in the profits of its bicycles and a stronger level of vulnerability.
2019 Strategic Recommendations for 2019 - 2019/07/19 Current high-end and multiplier features, built under a new platform - p71 platform, in products and Great Wall Cars (601633) Total New Age Dynamics
The launch of the gun series will also be effective in expanding the product of the pickups into a seamlessly symmetrically symmetrical policy (the Pacific Automobile Spectrum, which leads to a brand-new level of national pickups. As the coverage of the pickups widens, the future will be dominated.
2019 Strategic Recommendations - 2019/07/18 Consumer demand for pickups will also improve in terms of quality and travel experience, high end of pickups, the Great Wall Car (601633), one in the cold winter of the city.
The trend towards internal carization is also beginning to emerge, and the Great Wall, as a future trend for domestic pickups, has seen its sales regress in June.
Investment proposals: The company deconstructed its pickup stock in May/June, with short-term stock requirements, and the potential for long-term pickups to grow with the gradual easing of its various restrictive policies. The company, as an absolute leader in the country’s card segmentation, has a long-term market ratio of more than 30%.
Good governance, with a high one-car profit margin, provides companies with a stable profit and cash flow. We expect that, as an autonomous branding flag company, cars will continue to outpace and raise market shares, that industries will be more resilient during the recovery period, and that Pacific cars will continue to be recommended for strategy.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report