The option to consume automobiles and car parts is better than the one-car profit ring, better than the one-size-fits-all. The one-car net profit ring is better than the other. The market is worried that the six-way switch will be large.
Q2 single-season net profit margin of $3568 (q1 is $2724).
A 30.2% increase in single-season non-net profit of $2850 (q1 2267) is expected to affect the impact of the hit-up base by increasing the frequency of new cars.
Vv7gt (including phev) and Olar2 continue to enrich the company's product spectrum. The city is concerned that the high sales base factor after September 2018 will affect the subsequent growth of the same age.
However, we do not believe that there are many new items for the same period of the year, and that there is much to worry about with regard to the high base, such as the combination of industry improvements.
The Russian market has won China’s brand name, the Pacific Gas Network, and corporate sales have been better than industry since the beginning of the year, and the recovery in industry is expected to yield better results. In the first half of the year, we have seen an improvement in the net profits of bicycles by season.
The Great Wall car (601633) is consistent with the fact that the profits of the company coming to the company are more affected by the terminal discounts, that the company is facing a reverse increase in its market share, and that it is less likely to give up in the middle.
On the basis of this, it is expected that profitability will continue to improve on a seasonal basis as the sector recovers in the second half of the year, and as new products are introduced to improve the overall end discounts appropriately. The investment proposal is that, when the recovery is expected to increase, sales in the first half of the Wall will increase after the expected increase in the return of cars.
With the city rising in reverse, the next half of the year's profit growth will be expected! Pacific cars continue to fight, the Great Wall is being recommended, and future Great Wall cars are expected to continue to outperform the industry.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.