An increase of 355.6 per cent over the same year in July, when the Russian market won the Chinese brand Quai (the 2019 Strategic Recommendations for the Pacific Cars) Incident: According to Marklines, in July 2019, the Russian market sold Hafer brands.
Following the launch in June of the Great Wall of Russia’s Ross factory and its global listing of f7, Hafer’s brands sold 1,180 on the Russian market in July, compared to 259 in the same period last year, a three-fold increase over the same period.
Russia’s market pattern is not inexorable, and future breakthroughs are promising. Unlike China, Russia’s market pattern is as high as 21.1%, followed by Korea’s brand.
In Asia and the modern world, the market share is 13.4% versus 9.9% of other brands, respectively. Rada, as an indigenous Russian brand, has a greater power over the Great Wall ' s automobile product than its craft level, and has seen the markets where Korean brands have been up and down in China in recent years.
As shown by total equity/flow (millions of shares), we believe that the Great Wall in the future is expected to make even greater breakthroughs in Russia. Total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
Starfires can survive. In July, the Russian market sold 140,000, with a 12-month high/minimum market rate, but considering that the Great Wall Russian factory has just been established, it's still climbing the productivity slope.
At the stage, and Russia’s suv total sales by about 47.26% of the market share of the car. The Great Wall, as a Great Wall vehicle (601633), deconstructs the stock of pickups, and long, concentrates on enterprises specializing in the suv model, and the first product F7 is very competitive, with subsequent capacity.
The potential for future growth is enormous (the Pacific Cars rose in 2019, and the products gradually gained the approval of local consumers. We believe that the current situation is a star fire, and that subsequent sales are expected to rise again.
The Great Wall Cars (601633) is a steady recovery in the profits of the bicycles, and the investment proposal: the breakthrough in the Great Wall cars in the Russian market, which is expected in the future to be more vulnerable and well-managed.
Open up the new growth space in overseas markets. The Pacific Motors Sustainability Strategy recommends the Great Wall Cars, 2019. - 2019/07/19.
The Great Wall Cars (601633), the New Age Motivator, has a seamlessly symmetrically symmetrical recoupling of the new two-points policy (Pacific Cars, h Dynamic Values at about eight times today's rate of exchange.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report