\triangleright Oil prices have fallen from the same downside to the same yield, unit withholding cost controls have been excellent in driving year-round losses, \triangleright
Oil prices are equal to -8.7 per cent of the cost per unit of fuel for a company with excellent cost-control capabilities, and yellow cranes recognize a loss of exchange of $760 million, which is a certain drag on the net return to the mother.
\triangleright pool capacity, net increase in 2027 is not high or related to low order visibility, annual delivery fluctuates or
Delivery rhythm adjustment. Main power introduction is still dominated by a320 aircraft, consisting of 2022 flight orders; companies have limited or lease orders. Given the insufficient delivery capacity of upstream aircrews, Boeing, etc., there is still a need to focus on the resumption of monthly delivery by suppliers. We believe that the change in the number of aircraft introduced in the annual reporting year is mainly due to the rhythm of delivery.
The liability structure optimizes the financial cost pressure by looking at the bottom of the income base, strong cost controls, demand recovery \triangleright Sue, potential profit increases from the oil price hub. In 2024, the company issued an additional $5 billion in long-term debt and an asset liability.
The same rate fell from 0.35 pct to 85.03 per cent, interest-bearing debt declined as a proportion of total liabilities, annual interest expenditure fell as compared to the annual cost per unit of oil withheld by the company in 2019, reflecting, we believe, a stronger cost-management capability of the company. The price of 1q25 fell by 10 per cent on the same year, if the price of oil remained at its current level to help make a profit.
Investment proposal: Continue to look at opportunities for profit recovery in the industry that leads to profit-elastic investment.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.