Shanghai Medicine (601607) Medicines Biologicals are introduced into Yunnan's battle for white medicine, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is united in its efforts to promote development.
In terms of control, Yunnan's drug subscription amounts to 112.29 million yuan. It is expected that upon the release of the drug, Yunnan will be released.
As a strategic investor, 18.02% of Shanghai medicine will be the second largest dollar after Shanghai Business. When issued, the Shanghai Business Group and its associates will remain the Shanghai Medical Holdings, with 33.21% of the shares, and the company’s actual controller will remain the Shanghai State Finance Committee.
• In terms of transaction prices, 80 per cent of the average value of stock transactions a of 20 trading days before the pricing base date is determined, net assets of a size higher than the issue price, companies will divide the issue price into net assets of the parent, and the number of shares eventually acquired by the subject will be adjusted in proportion.
If, at the end of the period of issuance, the shares are derived from the transfer of the holding capital fund, etc., they are subject to the above-mentioned sales restrictions.
• With regard to the use of fund-raising, the total amount raised is $14,384 million, net of which will be used to replenish the company's operating funds and to service its debt, with a specific allocation of $3 billion, the balance of which will be used to supplement operating funds, and most of which will be used for innovative drug research and development.
In the future, resources will be consolidated in a number of ways. 1) Regional complementarities will be achieved in the commercial network. Shanghai medicine has a direct network of 24 provinces and cities across the country, with a more intensive and information-based modern drug distribution system, with pharmaceutical commerce ranked second in the country.
Yunnan Province, where Yunnan earned more than $20 billion in 2020, is expected to work closely with Yunnan White in the future in the area of pharmaceutical commerce, with a view to achieving deeper integration in the field of drug circulation. 2) Optimizing equity structures, introducing white drugs, management helps to improve corporate institutions. Yunnan White is a successful example of a mix of drugs, Yunnan White.
The company’s equity is a relatively good one, based on the existing one. 3) The advantages of achieving Chinese medicine and good health are mutually reinforcing Shanghai medicine (6016007): q1 growth is more than expected. Shanghai medicine has set up several bases for the standardization of Chinese medicinal materials in all the provinces and cities of the country, with strategic collaboration.
Innovative drugs are about to enter the harvest period (2021-04-29) and both sides will promote Chinese medicine intelligence.
2. Shanghai Medicines (601607): q4 accelerated recovery, 3. Shanghai Medicines (601607), multiple beneficial business development, re-launching of the pharmaceutical industry (2020-10-30)
No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.