Company review report on the auto industry, the Chinese automobile (600741.sh) takes a good look at the certainty of a solid foundation.
19.35 per cent increase: net profit attributable to parent company of $4.774 billion.
Total corporate income increased by 19.35 per cent over the reporting period, net parent profit increased by 47.67 per cent over the same period. The reason for the significant increase in net parent profit was the one-time premium of RMB 918 million after the company had previously held 50 per cent of its Chinese visual equity, which was remeasured at fair value on the date of purchase.
The net profit of the company attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, net of the non-regular gains and losses, is recognized as a result of the current investment gains.
(ii) Increased cost of the second quarter due to the slowdown in the overall growth of the passenger vehicle industry in the first half of the year and the cost of raw materials due to commodity prices, if affected by increased costs of Chinese visualization and logistics; in addition, higher costs of corporate R & D
Add 57.86 per cent, bringing the R & D rate to 2.08 per cent. (iii) Traditional automobiles have a robust base and a positive layout of “electric, intelligent” companies that benefit from the popular suv super-power cycle, which is expected to be popular, high-voltage, and high-voltage over the next two years.
In the medium-to-long term, in addition to the growth brought by traditional parts, such as long- and long-term accessories, we appreciate the company's development in the area of smart driving adas and electric cars, and the company's 24ghz.
Back-mmm wave radar has been produced and market opening has accelerated, the development of Cape 77ghz radar has been completed, and forward-mmm radar 77ghz is being stepped up and is expected to be the lead sheep in the segmented industry. The company, as the leader of domestic auto parts and components, is active in the deployment of new energy vehicles and intelligent driving.
Now, based on these groups, which actively expand downstream customers, we believe that companies have the potential to replicate the overall increase in the automobile industry at a slower rate than expected.