New energy and smart driving will benefit from the upper steam new product cycle.
In the semi-annual performance announcement for 2018, the company achieved operating income of $81,627 million, representing an increase of 19.35 per cent over the reporting period; and a net return to the mother.
The company’s net profit of $3.34 billion from non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was increased by the same amount by 50% of the share in Shanghai’s small carlights and the business of interior and interior accessories is expected to accelerate. The company acquired 50% of the share in the former Shanghai small carlights company (now renamed the Chinese vision), and the net profit grew significantly in the first half of the year, mainly because of the one-time premium of 50% of the original holdings of the Chinese vision.
The RMB 918 million (unaudited) is recognized as current investment earnings. The high value of automobile lights, especially the light and smart lights plus, is 51.6 billion yuan, an increase of 16.2 per cent over the same period, of which Chinese territory is only 7.75 billion, and the company that buys them, in coordination with the entire garage under the flag of the upper steam group, will result in greater performance in the future.
The development of new energy vehicle core technology, waiting for the east wind. The development of new energy vehicle core three power technology is actively pursued. Some of the products are already under development.
In order to support the new energy model of the auto-car, a local Magnus has obtained a targeted letter of intent from the general public, and from the general public, about the aggregate product of the mass global motor vehicle platform (meb platform), which will be supplied in the future by the local Magnus. At present, the new energy vehicle sales of the upper-air consortium are dominated by autonomous brands, and the upper-air utility Mitsubishi is planning a multi-energy vehicle model.
As joint brands and autonomous development of new energy vehicles continue, companies will benefit in the future from operating in new energy sectors. Active deployment of smart driving technology. Active deployment of smart driving, developed by companies autonomously and with independent intellectual property rights in the country by the end of 2017.
The first 24ghz back-to-mmm wave radar achieves volume production, the 77ghz corner radar completes prototype development, and the 77ghz front-to-mm wave radar product is being intensified. We believe that with strong R & D and technological capabilities, future companies will be in the lead in the autonomous auto parts and components industry in the fields of smart driving and automobile electronics.
The upper-mortality group will approach a strong product cycle, and the company’s performance is expected to increase faster. The upper-mortality automobiles are mainly supported by upper-mortality subsidiaries, and the upper-mortality group’s sales revenue is larger than the revenue from the Chinese car business.
The year-on-year Steam Group has a larger number of new models, entering a strong product cycle, with sales increasing by 10.32% in January-July on a year-on-year basis, well above the industry average. We believe that the Steam Group will continue to grow at a higher rate in the future, and that, as a core supplier of the Steam, the performance of the Chinese automobile will increase.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry group, nine years of experience in the securities industry, is good at understanding the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, directly or indirectly related to Cho's specific recommendations or views.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.