We have a steady growth in the performance of cars in China, and there's much to be gained from a new pre-energy support program that is a leading company in the country's auto parts and components industry.
The main new product cycle continues, with a high level of firm performance growth in 2018. The Washington Magnus has obtained an all-time, mass meb power drive letter of intent, which is expected to be in production by 2020, which will provide them with a complete supply of power-drive components, and the Chinese Three Power Compressors.
The company’s current valuation level is only about 10 times higher than in 2018, with a continuation of the new cycle of joint venture ownership and high performance growth in 2018.
The upper-air vehicle will be followed by a roll-out of Rx8 and light wings, which is expected to continue to be hot for sale. The upper-air crowd will be able to launch multiple suv models, such as Skodakaroq, popular tharu, etc. The upper-air ratio will add more car types, such as Cadillac suv.
At the end of March 2018, the company completed the acquisition and handing over of the Shanghai Carlights, which became a fully-owned subsidiary of the company and changed its name to China.
Visualization, incorporated into the company’s consolidated statements as of 1 March 2018. Through the consolidation of internal and external sources, the company is actively promoting the upgrading of Chinese vision from existing car lighting products to car lighting information systems and visual perception systems, and the forward layout is expected to benefit in the long term.
The new energy smart driving layout is perfect, and the prospects for development are good. In the area of new energy cars, Wigand Magnus has obtained a book of intentions for the upper mass, a mass meb platform power drive, which is expected to be in production by 2020, with all the power components of the power drive in China.
In the field of smart driving, the price of the market on August 1, 2018 was used as the standard for a 24ghz back-to-mmm wave with independent intellectual property rights, which was developed autonomously at the end of 2017.
The company is well-placed in the fields of new energy sources, intelligent driving, and development prospects are good. 1) Increased competition in the market, declining car sales and profit margins; 2) higher costs such as raw materials.
Bank of China International Securities Inc.