The company, formerly Jiangsu Province Securities Corporation, was established in 1991 with the approval of the People’s Bank’s General Bank, 1999 and 2007
The company is committed to becoming a leading financial group with indigenous advantages and a global perspective, and currently has a leading role in wealth management, capital management, etc.
Happy Wealth has become a learning stick for mobile end-of-business products. In 2017, the company generated $21.1 billion in revenue, an increase of 24.7 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $9.28 billion, an increase in the same year, mainly from “other profit-and-loss items that meet the definition of non-recurring gains and losses”.
These include: 1) the gradual recovery of market transactions, the easing of pressure on the brokering business, the release of credit risk, and the re-evaluation of the coupon block; 2) the gradual convergence of the coinboard, with the advantage of a well-stocked, well-capitalized and wind-control capacity of the head of the firm, which is expected to become a business starter.
• Performance: International outreach, capital enhancement, multi-dimensional transformation of business, and a new window for performance release. 1) Strategic layout, strengthening of international business expansion, capital enhancement, and capturing of industry change initiatives. On the basis of Watterkins (Hong Kong), the United States was acquired in 2016.
In August of this year, a targeted increase was achieved, with Alibaba and Suning buying strategic shares, capital financing being replenished, and the opening up of a space for financial science and technology expansion. 2) In terms of business expansion, the diversification of wealth management and the deepening of institutional operations have become a priority, with a number of business indicators at the forefront of the industry.
The company's retail business system, which is based on the “breathing wealth” platform, and its wealth management system, which is centred on investment advisers, create a concrete business synergy, constantly exploring differentiated wealth management business models, in line with the current trend towards specialization and differentiation in wealth management in the industry;
At the end of the year, corporate stock-based transactions, M & A restructuring were ranked first in the industry, with average monthly size, financing voucher balances, international operations, securitization of assets, stock pledge buyback balances.
In terms of performance in the top three sectors: 3), there is a clear trend towards increasing concentration in the securities sector, adding to the current low index levels, the downside of the economy and the demand for direct financing, and capital market reforms, such as science and innovation boards, which give coupons a chance to move forward.
(b) Factors such as the fact that there is a reasonable premium on the valuation, the movement of the fair pb valuation over the medium to long term, and the fact that short-termization remains the preferred option.