The stock market is warming and the company's performance is at a turning point.
Lilonghai’s net profit grew by 578.08% in February. The company’s operating income in February 2019 was $1,101 million, an increase of 525.57% in February 2019, an increase of 40.70% in the ring, and the size of its operating income was ranked among the listed securities dealers in that month.
The net profit for the month was ranked fifth in the list. The company’s accumulated operating income for January-February 2019 amounted to $1,883 million, an increase of 30.44 per cent over the same period, the accumulated operating income increased by more than 30 per cent on the market and net profits, and the company’s performance in 2019 reversed in February;
Corporate business earnings and net profits increased in February from a negative to a year-on-year rate, and since 2019, stock market data have warmed up, capital market reforms have advanced rapidly, good equity policies are expected to continue, the business environment will continue to improve, and companies ' performance has increased or exceeded expectations in 2019 year-on-year.
In terms of profitability, for the last five years (from 2014 to the third quarter of 2018, the same number), the company camp.
Industry ranked fourth in the first three quarters of 2018; industry ranked fourth in the first three quarters of 2018; industry excluded from the net profit scale of the company was ranked first in the net income scale of the main business: industry ranked fifth to seventh in the net income scale of the firm ' s brokerage operations and industry ranked fifth in the third quarter of 2018; company entered the business.
Net income scale industries changed between 5th and 9th, by 3rd quarter of 2018, by 17th in reserve entrepreneurs, by an upward trend in net income scale industries in corporate capital management, by 3rd, by 4th place in 2015, and by the rest of the years.
The securities market is warming, and the data margins are improving. In January 2019, a stock exchange began to be repaired. In February, it rose significantly. In January-February 2019, a market balance of $29,6.7 billion was added to the market. In January-February 2019, a market balance was added to the market.
Since 2019, the market has seen better data margins and more warming than expected, with companies acting as front-runners benefiting significantly from their performance. The business environment has improved, and markets have become more active.
China’s trade negotiations have made substantial progress, and the US Trade Representative’s Office has announced an end to the imposition of additional tariffs on China’s imports. The domestic environment: monetary policy has been adjusted from “stable” to “stable” and financial balance across banks.
At the State Department press conference, Wang Mingxing said that structural deleveraging had met expectations. The overall de-barring is expected to decline in 2019.
As policies and finance improve, good policies continue to be introduced, a stock turnover increases rapidly, market activity increases significantly, and the company’s profitability in its main business is at the forefront of the industry.
At the center of the pb multiplier, we maintain a “precautiously recommended” investment rating for companies. To a low level, the company’s performance has not increased as expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.