Publication of the fourth phase of the draft equity incentive scheme, targeting long-term ownership events: company announcement of the fourth phase of the equity incentive programme, which covers mainly mid-level managers and core technical (operational) personnel.
1.10 per cent of the company's current total equity, with no more than 477 incentives, covering middle-level managers, and a total of four equity incentives since their listing, incentivizing the total size and per capita amount historically in mid-water, since the first draft of the monthly announcement, a new equity incentive scheme has been introduced every two years on average.
In this case, the size of the equity incentive is in the middle of history, and in terms of unlocking conditions, the incentive will focus more on long-term and sustained development. Cost is small in terms of 19 years of cost and 17 years of equal pressure, with the company’s equity incentive position at a point in time.
At the end of the last cycle, the cost is expected to start a new cycle of 19h2.
Recovering, the next round of rebounds is expected to begin in the course of the year as the industry continues and gradually recovers. During the search for the industry, general automation orders are clearly growing faster than their counterparts, reflecting a strong Alpha.
In the first half of 18 years, the order in the area of general automation has been growing at a very high rate, growth has slowed in the second half of the year, and the growth of general automation operations has remained significantly stronger than that of our peers.
It is expected that corporate industrial automation operations will also reflect strong growth dynamics as industry cycles improve: General business growth reflects the power of Al, universal server, universal change frequency, and there will be several times as much room for growth in the future.
▪ New-energy passenger and logistics vehicle operations have fallen short of expectations this year, and business in passenger vehicles is progressing well into the harvest period of the third and third year after tomorrow. 18 years of passenger and logistics vehicles have been significantly ahead of expectations, while the sale of passenger and logistics vehicles has been significantly lower than expected.
It is anticipated that this will result in a four-quarter pressure on the company ' s new energy passenger and logistics vehicle power control operations, but it will be noted that the growth of the generic business reflects the smoothness of Al ' s passenger vehicle operations, which are expected to be active in 19 years, and 19-20.
A balance of gains and losses is expected to be achieved in annual vehicle power operations.  Profit forecast and investment rating: the new equity incentive plan shows confidence in the company’s long-term sustainability; on the business side, the industry is expected to be at the bottom of 19q1 and the company’s orders are growing at a very fast pace
In the industry, passenger cars influence new energy performance, fast-track vehicle operations, valuation and expected bottom, announcement of the fourth phase of the equity incentive programme, covering mainly mid-level managers and core technicians. The company intends to use 15.15 to include middle-level managers, core technicians, etc. of companies and holding companies.
A total of four equity incentives have been introduced since the market, and the total size and per capita amount has historically been at a medium level, unblocking the draft, with a new equity incentive on average being introduced every two years, with an average of 227 persons at 1.35 million shares, a second at 1.59 million shares for 174 persons, and a third at the broadest level, with a total of 53.92 million shares for 6.5 persons, on average.
With 83,000 shares awarded, the equity incentive covers mainly mid-level managers and core technicians, slightly smaller than before, but not so small in history. In terms of unlocking conditions, the incentive scheme continues the corporate annual 7-10% growth performance target, while at the same time it has a longer period of unlocking, demonstrating a firm ' s greater focus on long-term sustainability.
The cost is small in terms of 19 years of cost and 17 years of equal pressure, and the company’s equity incentive position is at the bottom of the phase. The cost is less and less for profit as the size of the profit increases,19 and performance is gradually released. At the bottom of the period, the first three equity incentives are at the bottom of the phase, and companies are at the bottom of the industry cycle.
With the start of a new recovery, Alpha’s company remains strong, and the bottom of the stock price as a whole confirms that, as the industry continues and gradually recovers, the next round of rebounds is expected to begin in the course of the year. In the process of finding the bottom of the industrial automation industry, the growth of generic automated orders is clearly stronger than that of their peers, reflecting a strong Al.
The growth in the industrial sector has slowed since June 18th, with 1 to 3q industries growing at a rate of 12/9/4.1 per cent, orders maintained at a very high rate in the first half of the year, growth slowed in the second half of the year, benefiting from multi-industry, multi-product, corporate solutions strategies, and the growth of generic automation operations remains significantly stronger than that of their peers, and it is expected to be common throughout the year.
Motion plate orders grew by 35-40%, and plastics servers were clearly affected by the industry cycle, falling in the second half of the year, and are expected to grow slightly overall in 18 years. We expect that corporate automating operations will also have a strong growth dynamic when the industry cycle improves, with several times the growth space for universal servers and general variability frequency in the future.
The business of new energy buses and logistics vehicles has fallen short of expectations this year. The business is moving well into the harvest year after tomorrow.
In the case of passenger and logistics vehicles, the sales of which were significantly higher than expected, especially in the fourth quarter of the year when passenger and cargo vehicles did not appear to have been clearly armed for 17 years, thus putting the company under pressure for new-energy passenger and logistics vehicle power control operations on four seasons, but in the case of passenger vehicles, the location was very good, the traffic was very good, the traffic was very good, the traffic was very good, the traffic was going very well, and the Wall and so forth were moving forward.
The popular meb platform project is also under way, and the last year's targeted projects such as Wilma and Dong Feng and others are overexpected this year, and it is expected that next year's power will begin to grow, and that the next year's profit and loss will be expected to be realized in the next year's vehicle and power operations: the new equity incentive plan shows confidence in the company's long-term sustainability; and the business side.
The industrial control industry is expected to be at the bottom of 19q1, corporate orders have been growing at a much faster rate than industry, passenger vehicles are affecting new energy performance, and Toshio Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.