The company issued an announcement that it intended to purchase limited shares in Shanghai Bethet by issuing shares and paying cash to purchase 51 per cent of the shares in the bid first by paying cash and then by issuing shares.
The model purchase company has 49% of the equity, and the benchmark date for the evaluation of the company is 31 December 2018: Betsett Electric is a company with electrical parts for elevators, the main human interface, well lanes, electrical systems, beam cables, control systems, etc.
Nine wholly-owned subsidiaries, such as the Limited, and the Shanghai Merbert Elevator Technology Ltd. (50% each holding shares in the HSBC). The buttons, manipulators, monitors, and others are world leaders in design, production capacity, and product categories. Mitsubishi elevators, Ox.
The eight largest elevator brands around the world, such as S. Tung Li and Yoki, are basically Bester clients, with companies operating in 79 countries and regions across the globe, as well as international branding of overseas markets.
State of the industry, background and significance of mergers and acquisitions: 1) The production of 810,000 elevators in 2017 has been increasing slightly in recent years, with a holdings of 5.627 million in 2017. Industry output should continue to grow steadily due to the acceleration of the urbanization process, the increase in the number of elevators, the renovation of the old ladders, etc.
In the future, the share of the elevator industry is expected to be more concentrated, with the main demand from elevator manufacturers for efficiency gains and the main demand from elevator manufacturers for electrical parts and components.
In the case of "Integration", "Integration" and "Integration" are required. 2) In the case of elevators, the main players are the elevators, the product is the elevator integration drive, and the parts of the portal system are also available, and Bethet is in person.
There are more complete product systems in the areas of interfaces, wells, beam cables, etc., and industry leads, product systems, and mosaics. In recent years, the Integrated Elevator Electrical Solutions have increased the technological compatibility of products and improved supply chain cost controls, such as purchasing production.
The main objective of the company and Bethette Elevator Technology Limited, established in 2013, is also to improve the product mix in addition to the one elevator, which we believe will significantly enhance the overall solutions of the river elevator industry.
Addressing large-scale problems in the elevator industry, providing one-stop service to customers in the domestic and foreign sector, and in the future providing significant synergies, such as with internationally branded customers, will be consistent with industry trends and will enable Fujikawa to take a critical step on the road to the world’s leading elevator industry solution provider.
Figure 1: China ' s elevator holdings in 2017 were 5.62 million
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment