The performance in 2018 was in line with expectations. General automation was the bright spot, new energy was to be used to power the vehicle, and the net profit of the mother was $1,140 million, an increase of 7.50%.
The manufacturing landscape is weak and the 1q industrial control industry is expected to be low, while the industry’s industrial control operations are reflected in the stronger Alpha, where general automation orders and revenues are growing far better than the industry, with net profit from the mother at $346 million, or 2.57 per cent.
Declines, industrial robots are clearly slowing down, and elevators as one-stop machines are relatively stable. Specifically: (1) Alpha, which is well under control, is still expected to grow at a high overall rate of orders for general automation operations throughout the year, and general-purpose income is expected to grow at more than 30 per cent throughout the year. (2) q3 in industrial robots
The annual growth rate is more than 10 per cent, but the Māori rate has declined the same year. (4) The purchase orders and revenues for the third and fourth quarters of the plastics machine have fallen significantly in the second half of the year, and the use of passenger vehicles has fallen less than expected, but it is still small, with a slight drop in the expected electronic collection of cars and a similar decline in the Māori rate throughout the year.
(1) In the case of passenger vehicles, the fourth quarter of the year was still marked by a marked decline in passenger vehicle power control operations, with a total of 23,232 electric passenger vehicles produced throughout the year 2018, an increase of 16 per cent. In view of the fall in prices, the total volume of passenger vehicle power control operations is expected to decline slightly. (2) In the case of logistics vehicles, there are 113.2 million electric utility vehicles produced throughout the year.
The fourth phase of the draft equity incentive plan, which is currently in place in the country, has more than a dozen fixed points, three model sales, one-line branding points, through the Grand 2, Segawa Technologies (300124):
There are three major certifications for the system. The 17-year-old model starts to be released in 18 years, and 2019 will be year-on-year for the use of cars and then large, large market space.
Mainly because income is not as visible as the expected scale effect, while the share of vehicle operations rises.
Far faster than industry, passenger and logistics vehicles affect car electronics and move fast in the use of cars, and we firmly value corporate smart manufacturing + electric cars, the “double kings.” The forecast is a net gain of $ billion in 2018-20, an increase of 2.57 per cent. The growth in revenue and net profits is largely in line with market expectations, with the current Māori rate and net interest rate levels.
This decline is mainly due to the higher share of automobile electronics, which are relatively low in Maori. Non-recurrent gains and losses are expected to be weak for the manufacturing sector throughout the year, with 10 industrial controls projected to be low, while the industrial controls in Sinkuan reflect a stronger Alpha, general automation orders are growing far faster than the industry in 18 years, down the next half of the year, industrial robots are slowing significantly, electricity is slowing down.
In the industry, pmi fell year-round, and the first 11 months were on the line of glory, down in December. Alpha, under the control of the Sinkuan Industries, was evident. General Automated Operations ' overall orders grew at a very high rate throughout the year, revenue recognition was positive, continuing at a higher rate than in the previous three quarters, and general-purpose income was expected to grow by more than 30% throughout the year.
In the tourism industry, the growth of traditional manufacturing orders and incomes, including metallurgy, weight lifting, textiles, etc., remains strong, while the growth of advanced manufacturing industries, including 3 Leedu, has started to slow significantly, including 3c, lithium, photovoltaic, etc., and is expected to improve a little in the fourth quarter. Overall, general automation remains the backbone of corporate income growth.
In the case of industrial robots, there has been a significant decline since the start of the third quarter, but there is still a certain amount of growth throughout the year, with the most important scara robot in the industrial robots, with less than 1,000 shipments in 17 years and more than 1,000 in 18 years.
The growth comes mainly from the growth of multinational business clients, the growth of exports, and the abundance of goods, but the Maori rate is affected by the downturn downstream, the decline in orders and revenues in the third and fourth quarters of the year, and is expected to increase slightly throughout the year, with pressure continuing in 2019.
In the second half of the year, passenger and specialized vehicle operations fell significantly below expectations, and the volume of passenger traffic was in line with expectations, but it is still small, with a slight drop in the expected year-round electronic collection of cars and a similar decline in the Māori rate. In the case of passenger vehicles, in collaboration with Yutong Deep Strategy, Utsun pure electric passenger vehicles produced q1~q4 in 2018.
A total of 1625/3609/3094/11904, +955/+315/-30/-14 per cent, respectively, remain significantly reduced in the fourth quarter of the year, with a total of 23232 electric passenger vehicles produced throughout the year 2018, an increase of 16 per cent, and an overall projected slight decrease in passenger traffic, taking into account lower prices.
In the same area, companies have invested heavily in the construction of motor vehicle power platforms, which have yielded promising results and are now home to 10 people.
A few fixed points, three model sales, one-line brands, and three major certifications for the public system. In 17 years, the targeted model began to be released, with south-east and Wilmas, and 19 years, with a large increase in the number of Wilmass, in addition to the pre-set pelicans, cars, homes, etc., which will be the year in 2019.
The Māori ratio for auto electronics is expected to decline in the four quarters of the year compared to the year, mainly because income should be less than the expected scale, and the ratio of car operations should be higher.
Line 420 million yuan, mid-March 18th Quanyang project 255 million yuan, and China Southton project 193 million yuan in December. As the mobile cars affected the electronic performance of cars and moved fast in the use of vehicles, we firmly looked forward to the company's intelligent manufacturing of the + electric vehicle, “Bond East Wu Securities Co. Ltd.”, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already have a Portfolio Investment Advisory Board.