The company released the 2018 performance report, which generated $5,867 million in revenue during the reporting period.
+22.81% of the same year, the net return to the mother is 1,166 million yuan, or +9.97% of the same year, which is higher than the median of the performance forecast range. In a single quarter, q4 earned $19.28, or +17.00% of the same year, or +31.47% of the ring; and q4 achieved net return to the mother is $372 million, or +10.33% of the same year, or +24.72%.
The net interest rate for the period fell by about 1 pct over the same period, mainly as a result of an increase in the share of electronics in automobiles. The industrial-controlled business in Kawakawa reflects a stronger Alpha, with general automated orders and revenues growing far better than in industry, a decline in the second half of the year, a slowdown in industrial robotics, and a relatively stable single elevator.
In terms of: (1) Alpha, which is controlled by the Sinkuan Industries, it is clear that the overall increase in orders for general automation operations is expected to remain high throughout the year, and general-purpose income is expected to grow by more than 30 per cent throughout the year. (2) Industrial robotic aspects, with an o3 drop in growth, are expected to continue to grow at a certain level throughout the year. (3) elevators as a whole are expected to grow more than 30 per cent throughout the year.
In the second half of the year, passenger and specialized vehicle operations fell significantly less than expected, and the volume of passenger vehicle operations was in line with expectations, but the volume is still small, with a slight drop in the expected annual electronic collection of vehicles and a similar decline in the Māori rate. (1) In the case of passenger vehicles, the fourth quarter of the bus operations continued to decline significantly, with Utun in 2018.
The total expected decline in passenger power and control operations is small, taking into account the decline in prices. (2) For logistics vehicles, the annual output of pure electricity is 113.2 million vehicles for the entire year, with annual performance in line with expectations, with general automation as follows:
It is a decline in total volume and unit prices, and a significant decline in the power control of the logistics car is expected. (3) In the area of passenger vehicles, there are currently more than a dozen fixed points, three model sales, one-line branding points, through the Grand 2, Hitchon Technologies (300124):
The system's three main certifications. The 17-year-old model will be released in 18 years, and the year 2019 will be the year in which the power and control operations are deployed.
The net interest rate fell by about 1 pct on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the increase in the share of automobile electronics. The manufacturing landscape was weak, with 19q1 expected to be a low point in the industry, while the Sinkuan industry was more robust.
Alpha, General Automation orders grew at a much faster rate than industry for 18 years, falling the second half of the builder, slowing industrial robots, and smoothing elevators together. The industry saw manufacturing pmi down the year, down to 49.4 in December, reaching the water line, followed by a modest return to 49.5 in January 19; and fixed capital investment in manufacturing continued to grow over the previous 12 months.
The cumulative rate of increase was 9.5 per cent; the industrial control industry continued to fall, with a zero per cent increase in the calibre of automated products in the quarter of 2018q4 compared to 4.1 per cent in the previous quarter; the q4 project-type market continued to fall downwards, with a +5.0 per cent increase, and oem fell significantly, with a 6.4 per cent increase; by product, the drop in frequency was better than the fall, with a q4 pressure and a medium-high-pressure transformer.
Alpha, which is controlled by the Sinkuan industry, is evident in the fact that the general automated business has grown at a high rate of overall orders and revenue recognition throughout the year, which continues at a better rate than in the previous three quarters, and is expected to grow by more than 30 per cent throughout the year. From downstream industries, the growth of orders and revenues from traditional manufacturing industries, including metallurgy, lifts, textiles, etc., remains strong.
The three quarters of advanced manufacturing growth, including 3c, lithium, photovoltaic, etc., began to show a marked slowdown in the four quarters. Overall, general automation remains the backbone of corporate income growth, while the Māori rate is expected to be modest.
The most important scara robotics in the industry, with less than 1,000 shipments in 17 years, and 18 years of overall concentration, export growth, and abundance of goods, mainly from multinational corporate clients, have decreased the same rate of Māori. Due to the downside recession, orders and revenues for the plastics have declined in the third and fourth quarters of the year, and growth is expected throughout the year.
Pressure remained high in 2019. While passenger and specialized vehicle operations fell significantly in the second half of the year, and the use of passenger vehicles was on track, the volume was still small, the year’s electronic collection of cars was projected to decline slightly, and the Māori rate was on the same scale.
In the case of passenger vehicles, in collaboration with Yutun Deep Strategy, Utsun pure electric passenger vehicles produced 1625/3609/3094/11904 in 2018 and +955/+315/-30/-14 per cent in the same year, respectively, while in the fourth quarter the operations continued to decline significantly, with Utsun pure electric passenger vehicles produced 23232 in 2018, an increase of 16 per cent.
On the logistics side, the output of pure electric vehicles was 5962/136, 56/2188/71796, respectively, in 2018 q1~q4, corresponding to 364/17 per cent/-32 per cent/-34 per cent, respectively. The output of pure electric vehicles was 113.2 million per year, compared to 26 per cent in logistics.
In the area of automobiles, companies have invested heavily in the construction of motor power platforms, and there are now more than a dozen fixed points, three model sales, one-line brands, and three major certifications for the public system.
Cars, homes, etc. will also be released, and 2019 will be a year-on-year year for vehicle power and control operations. The Māori ratio for automobile electronics is expected to fall in four quarters over the same period, mainly because income is not as visible as expected, and the share of automobiles will rise.
Performance: From Suzhou to the whole country, Ningbo, Guiyang and Nanton projects orders landed, in February 18th, in line 5 of Suzhou, in March 18, in line 255 million, and in December, in order to continue the 7-10 per cent annual growth performance target, showing the company ' s long performance.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: the industry is expected to be at the bottom of 19q1 and corporate orders have been growing much faster than industry, passenger and logistics vehicles have affected car electronics performance, and car operations are moving fast. We are firmly committed to corporate intelligence manufacturing plus the East Wu Securities Company Limited, with the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Board, have been equipped with portfolio investment advisory committees