The power-control business is at its bottom, general automation is showing strong growth power, general automation and orbital traffic orders and harvests are growing fast. In the second half of this year, especially for q4, the macroeconomy is falling fast, and the pmi index, representing the manufacturing landscape, is dropping rapidly to the line of glory.
Under the chain marketing strategy, companies continue to increase industry and channel coverage and deepen their cultivation, demonstrating excellent endogenous growth capacity when external markets are called upon to decline, and q4 companies continue to grow at a rate of general automation.
At a faster pace, we're judging that general automation orders are expected to grow by more than 35 per cent and income growth by 34 per cent throughout the year, with companies making rapid surges in the market for project solutions such as metallurgy, coal, chemicals, etc.
Breaking down, the first three quarters signed a new order of close to 200 million, with an increase of over 100 per cent over the same period, and the confirmation of the frequency changer's collection was a positive factor. The company's new mid-track contract in 2018 exceeded $1 billion, the new one in the first half of the year alone exceeded the sum of the last two years, and the year-round roll-out picked up brightly.
New-energy vehicle power and power operations are under short-term pressure and are expected to grow rapidly in 2019. New-energy passenger and special-purpose vehicles have performed poorly this year, with sales falling by about 12% and 32% throughout the year, while being subsidized.
The company is facing a firm growth pressure in the commercial car market this year by controlling a fall in prices in the overall market of almost 15%. With respect to cars, new energy sources such as Wilma, Panthers, East, etc., have been released, except for Gilly, who has already been set, the cars are moving faster in Hiroshima, Chang An, the Wall, and so on, we believe, the future.
Net profitability is expected to improve gradually. As a result of weak market demand, increased competition in automated markets has led to a decline in the Māori rate of companies ' change of frequency, servers, and so on, in addition to the Māori rate of new energy vehicle products.
The impact of the subsidy slope. In addition, government subsidies were reduced in 2018, Estom performance commitments were received in 2017, and the risk of underdemand: the risk of supply stress of electronic components: the risk of a new energy policy: the risk of an upturn in stocks Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment