In view of the year's performance, business has developed and the booming securities (601377) were evaluated in three quarters of 2017, the boom securities (601377) were published in three quarters of 2017, and the company became a battalion in the first three quarters of 2017.
In Peng Yuhua, the industry earned $6,206 million, an increase of 5.61 per cent over the same period, and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was $1,983 million.
As a result of the high growth recorded in business operations and the decline in income from investment and brokering activities, which was significantly lower than the level of industry, corporate business income as a whole grew slightly, net profits fell slightly, and performance outperformed the industry as a whole. The net profit performance of companies was relatively weak, mainly due to the growth of companies.
The expansion of business points has yielded initial results, with a rise in the market share of brokering and blending operations. Companies have actively expanded their business points, adding 80 points in 2017 to 2016.
The gradual implementation of these outlets has led to a start in the development of corporate brokering. Companies grew by 9.49 per cent in 2017. As the size of their clients grew, the market share of companies grew further, and the market share increased sharply.
In 2017, the company increased its portfolio and focused on fixed-income and equity categories. At the end of the third quarter, the company reached self-employment.
By the end of the last three quarters, the company’s investment income had been stronger, and there had been more accumulation, which is why we appreciate the development of the company’s business. Investment strategy: the company has now improved its business network through the accelerated expansion of its outlets.
Companies have long been committed to investing in human resources, focusing on the creation of incentive mechanisms, and actively promoting employee-share schemes, bringing long-term development momentum. Companies performed poorly in the fourth quarter of last year, which is probably better than in the fourth quarter of last year, and therefore the whole year as a whole.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.