Employer securities (601377) Employer securities: an increase of 8 billion dollars in the scale of self-employment and credit operations
The Ministry of Finance of Fujian Province, a central shareholder, has pledged to subscribe to no less than 20 per cent and no more than 1.63 billion dollars, mainly to expand the size of the company ' s business and enhance the competitiveness of the company ' s market: no more than 4 billion dollars in credit (two billion dollars, three billion dollars in stock pledge buyback) and no more than 6 billion dollars in self-employment.
The direct effect of this increase is that net assets will grow by 22%, and that increased capital power will help companies to scale up their operations. By the end of the third quarter, net equity in booming securities totalled $35.8 billion, ranking about 15th place in the industry (after $38 billion in straight-forward securities and $36.3 billion in middle money, for example).
By the end of 2015, the company’s net assets were $19.3 billion, twice in a row, capital strength doubled, and it is expected to build a new booming portfolio. The company’s share price has now fallen.
The overall market value/flow (millions of yuan) is now fully better and undervalued than at the time of their arrival. Financing is mainly used for capital-consumptive operations, expanding the profit base downwards and increasing capital upwards.
Credit-based operations, including double-entry and stock pledge buy-backs, with major profit spreads, evaluation: investment income overcomes the adverse effects The basis for improving performance and increasing the robustness of the company as a whole.
Thirty-four per cent, with 49 per cent of the cash share going up. When market opportunities came, the mobility of companies to capture market opportunities increased considerably.
On the evening of December 18, Employer securities issued a firm-size plan for an additional $8 billion (of which the Treasury Department of Fujian Province, the controlling shareholder, promised to subscribe to no less than 20 per cent and no more than $1.63 billion), mainly to increase the size and competitiveness of the company's business: the direct impact of credit operations does not exceed the firm's market competitiveness: net assets will grow by 22 per cent and capital strength will help the company to expand its operations. As of the end of the third quarter,
The total net equity of the booming portfolio is $35.8 billion, ranking about 15th place in the industry (after $38.0 billion and $36.3 billion). If the $8.0 billion is replenished, the net assets increase by 22 per cent, reaching $43.8 billion, and is expected to rank 11th place in the industry (50.3 billion in the industry at the end of the third quarter and 42.3 billion in the second quarter of the middle).
The firm’s net assets at the end of 2015 were $19.3 billion, financed twice in a row, and its capital capacity doubled, with the prospect of a new boom. The current boom in corporate equity prices, which has fallen, is a complete improvement and undervalued compared to the past few years.
Employable securities: Designing to expand self-employment and credit operations by 8 billion dollars, finance is mainly used for capital-consumptive operations, expanding the profit base downwards, and increasing the elasticity of capital returns upward. Credit-type operations, including blending and stock pledge buy-backs, are mainly profit spreads, contributing to the basis of performance and to the soundness of corporate operations as a whole.
The size of pre-economy securities is about 16.8 billion and stock pledge buybacks are about 36.4 billion. The size of the self-equity group is about 7 billion, the size of the solidity group is about 27.5 billion, the size of self-employment in the targeted additional financing is no more than 6 billion, which is still larger than the current size, and when market opportunities come on a temporary basis, the mobility of companies to capture market opportunities has increased dramatically.
A steady increase in the market share of traditional brokering and 1.54 per cent of the market share of stock-based transactions.
In fact, in terms of industry as a whole, it is quite intense: in 2016 to date, there have been 40 Galaxy securities, Chinese securities, Chinese securities, merchant securities, treasury securities, etc., listed in a stock market, including, h.
In addition, more than a dozen companies, such as Sino-Thai securities, have applied for a shareipo: Wathai bonds, Shin Man-Huan securities, Eastern securities, East Wu securities, China Sea securities, Pacific securities, etc., to be re-financed. From the point of view of business development, financing remains important for bond dealers, as the current securities industry is still less concentrated.
Securities regulators have established risk-control systems centred on net capital and liquidity, the essence of which is that the capital strength of the securities firm determines the largest scale of its operations. So, capital strength is a central constraint if we are to be strong.
The equity share is planned to land on August 17, 2017 at a cost of $6.54/share.
The difference is that the first lock is fixed for a period of 12 months (2943 participants, with a total of 5627 company employees, with a very high coverage of mid- and senior-level managers; $13 million, or 0.30% of the company's total equity).
At the same time, the industry is characterized by high levels of mobility. For example, attracting and retaining talent is the first issue to be solved, and high-paying vendors face higher risks in doing business.
The employee holding scheme, which is a very attractive tool for management, raises employee stickyness (higher incentives, higher exit costs). This is why the employee holding scheme is a policy that most coupons want to pursue, but the Ministry of Finance has been struggling since 2009 to suspend the implementation of equity incentives and employee holding schemes in financial enterprises, and the policy hurdle is difficult to break.
On August 18, 2016, the National Investment Commission issued a circular on the publication of an opinion on the piloting of employee holdings in mixed state-owned ownership enterprises. The employee-equity scheme was the first to get hot in the non-financial sector.
Draft employee holdings (revised on 9 July 2016; second revised on 4 August; final landing on 18 August); first issue of sea securities announced for election to the first pilot list of employees of the first State-owned mixed ownership enterprises in Guangxi Province, with the expectation of opening employee holdings
The stock-holding plan is moving forward in this process. In the light of the above, the stock-holding is a bond-maker's wish and a regulatory move forward, putting the employee in a position where strategic opportunities for capacity-building are viewed as having a comparative advantage in the industry.
The strategic implementation capacity of the strategy is strong, and the strategic goal of full implementation of Top10 over the next three years is likely to be high. The strategic implementation of the venture securities is relatively strong, with companies meeting the objectives of the first five-year strategic plan (2011-2015) and the integrated competitive strength being included in the strategic plan for the five-year plan (2016-2020) (hereinafter referred to as the Strategic Planning Framework).
As of the first half of the year, the stock market was ranked 13th, net assets 16th, operating income and net profits 11th and 13th; by branch, business research, institutional services, etc., were ranked first in the industry, and portfolio investment and investment banking were already in the top ten.
The strategic goal of Top10 is to be achieved at an approximate rate. Investment proposal: the current overall valuation level of the voucher block is low, with absolute value for revenue allocation from a long-term perspective;
Employing securities: an increase of 8 billion dollars in the scale of self-employment and credit operations.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.