Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) China Mobile (600941.sh) Purchase (first rating) Digital economy age, elephants dance
From the demographic dividend to the information dividend, China's movement is expected to “dance with elephants” again. In terms of size and profitability, China's movement is among the world's leading operators.
Nearly 1 billion households, and nearly 250 million cable broadband users, are among the world's first. Corporate ebitda rates, net profit margins, are consistently above 30/15% per year, leading the world. The biggest success of China's movement in the last two decades was in the "Web King" era of 2g and the "Home content" of 4g.
The digital economy in the next decade is the transition from the word “King” to the word “King of the Wirtschaftsprüfer.” The Department relies on the central advantages of “Users+Web+ Channels+Services” to build the ability of “Cloud+Data”
In the digital economy, China’s fundamentals of mobility have been improving. We believe that starting in 2011, the Ministry of Finance and Finance will be back in the process of launching a new project to launch a new business.
The cycle of strong regulation of operators is nearing its end. As the country is about to reposition itself as a national strategic science and technology force, the policy ceiling space is expected to open.
At about 20% of the level. At the same time, operators enter the stock business era, where oligopolistic competitive pressures are reduced, price competition is no longer on the business base, and company arpu values are rising. The digital economy has been accompanied by ecological changes in the ict industry, and companies will move from Toc to tob in 2025.
With a 50% revenue ratio expected, h/b/n operations are expected to grow in 21-25 years at global lowland levels, and growth and transformation are expected to open up future market space. Whatever method (pe, pb, v/ebitda), the company’s valuation is at a low level of global business efficiency.
The difference in valuation is mainly due to differences in leverage rates and investment intensity, reflecting the company’s past business strategy of relatively radical investment online, financial leverage, and conservativeness. As the company moves into a weak cyclical maturity period, investment intensity is stable.
We look forward to the prospect of a transformation of companies from a demographic dividend to an information dividend in the digital economy. It is expected that the 5g operation has not yet developed a clear business model, new business developments, such as cloud and object networking, have not developed as expected, disruptive communication technologies have emerged, and organizational and incentive mechanisms have failed to adapt to business transformation needs and brain drain.
1) In the foreseeable future, there will be no subversive technologies, there will be no abrupt changes in the pattern of competition among domestic operators as infrastructure operators, and there will be no new fundamental telecommunication operators in the foreseeable future, with the exception of electricity.
And we're different from the market, where the prevailing view is that the company's current business model is similar to that of a public utility stock, that growth is weak in the future, and that the greatest investment value lies in a stable bonus.
With the repositioning of the country as a national strategic science and technology force and a new mix of operators, the policy ceiling space is expected to open.
At the same time, operators enter the stock business era, oligarchy pressures are reduced, price competition is no longer commercially based, companies' arpu values are back on track. With the ecological changes in the ict industry, companies will move from Toc to tob in 2025 hbn (family, government and new industry).
Depending on such core advantages as “User+Net+ Channel+Services” the company is expected to transform its business model from “pipe + flow” to “connect + factor + capability” by building its ability to “cloud + data”.
▪ Catalysing factors for rising stock prices 1) commercial advances in end 5gb applications, such as vr and 5gc end applications, car networking, etc., are overexpected; 2) significant changes in the corporate pricing model, such as the speed-based fee model for Swiss telecommunications: 3) corporate “clomatic change”
We value companies using a combination of the absolute dcf valuation and the overall relative pe valuation method. By comparing the main telecommunications markets in Central and South Europe, the pe valuation method gives companies 15 times the target in 2022.
1) 5g operations have yet to form a clear business model; 2) new business developments, such as cloud and object networking, have fallen short of expectations; 3) subversive communication technologies have emerged 4) organizational and incentive mechanisms have not been able to adapt to business transformation needs; 5) core talent I. From demographic dividend to information dividend, China's movement is expected to “dance with elephants” again
1.1 China’s mobile business path: From voice to traffic, toc to tob China’s movement is the leading global communications and information service provider, which was established in 1997 to provide a full range of communications and information services for individuals, families, political and emerging markets.
From 2g to 5g, coupled with the transformation of the telecommunications industry, the business structure of the company has been shifting from voice to flow, and the client structure has been shifting from toc to tob. From the time of the 2g era in 1990, the communications industry formally moved from analogue to digital voice age, voice and voice.
SMS operations have become a major component of the business income. SMS and voice growth has continued for 25 years, until around 2015, when global operator voice and SMS revenues peaked, and China moved earlier than the global voice income, peaking in 2012 (4g before commercial).
In 2000, the industry entered the mobile Internet age, marked by docomo's official commercial 3g, with Internet access, entertainment, socialization, etc. At this stage, industrial transformation began with 3g commercials, and flow operations began to develop rapidly.
Starting in 2010, the industry officially moved from a narrow-band Internet era to a mobile broadband Internet age, marked by the leading 4g commercial operator in the United States. The period 2010-2015 was an uplifting period in which mobile communication technology gradually integrated with industry and industry after changing people’s lives. China moved in 2013 just in.
In the 4-g era, where mobile video became the killer-class business of the 4-G era, there was an explosion in traffic operations, and China’s 4-G movement succeeded in reaping the flow dividend. In the 5-G era, domestic operators, such as China’s mobile operators, led the world’s lead in the official commercial 5-g business in 2019.
With the transformation of communications business models and industries, the company’s business structure was huge, 69,5.7 billion yuan 20 years ago. By type of business, voice operations continued to shrink, yielding $788.8 billion, a 11.1 per cent decrease in the same year; data operations were the main driver of growth in corporate income and accounted for the share of communications services revenues.
Chart 2: China’s 20-year-old movement of revenue structure (by type of business) considers the application of 5g to be an important feature of the digital economy.
The biggest opportunity for China to move in the future is the digitalization of the industry in the digital economy, which has transformed it from a demographic dividend to an information dividend. By 2020, the company achieved $695.7 billion in revenue from communications services, divided by client groups, Chbn (mobile markets, information technology).
1.2 China ' s movement is among the world ' s leading operators, both in size and profitability terms, with telecommunications operators with typical scale effects as asset-intensive infrastructure operators.
In November of that year, the company had 957 million mobile users and 241 million cable broadband users, all of them at the top of the world. In response to the size of its clients, the company’s network was the largest in the world.
A total of 5.28 million base stations were built, including 4g base stations, which accounted for 3.32 million, or one third of the global total of 4g base stations; 5g base stations, which were 501,000, with over 700,000 by the end of 2021. China’s mobile revenue collection and profitability were among the top three operators in the country.
In the first three quarters, China achieved $6,486.6 billion in operating income, exceeding the combined sum of China’s telecommunications (32.92 billion yuan) and China’s connectivity (244.5 billion yuan), with net profits in the first half of 2021 being more than twice the sum of two. The mobile + home wide user size is the number one.
By the end of 21, the number of mobile users had reached 957 million, more than the sum of China Connect (317 million) and China Telecom (372 million). With regard to cable broadband, the number of cable broadband users has grown from zero to first in 2018, with the number of wired broadband users having been able to do so in mid-2018.
By the end of 2021, China had moved 240 million wired broadband subscribers, with 47.5% of the three major operators. Corporate profitability was ahead compared to the major overseas operators.
Ebitda, 237.5 billion yuan, an increase of 9.5 per cent, and ebitda, 36.6 per cent; net profit, 87.2 billion yuan, a net profit rate of 13.4 per cent.
The distribution period expired on 7 February 2022, and the company raised funds mainly for five projects, including the active development of the 5g network and the promotion of network intelligence.
Transforming, promoting cloud networks for integrated development, speeding up family broadband networks, building a platform of operating wisdom, and so on. The benefits of a company’s return to launch a war project, as well as the future of a project to raise funds, will strengthen the company’s nuclear superiority and accelerate the strategic transformation of the company.
In the digital economy era, China's fundamentals of movement have shown a trend of improvement 2.1 Regulation: the ten-year period of strong regulation that began in 2011 is nearing the end of policy and environmental changes: as a monopolistic industry under government supervision, operators have pricing and bargaining power.
The regulatory policy of the 5g era has been relaxed, and the corporate-power-control cycle that began in 2011 is nearing its end. With the repositioning of the country’s strategic science and technology forces (the People’s Network, “Central Enterprise leads high-level skills and self-reliance”), policy ceiling space is expected to open.
2.2 Industries: From consumption of the Internet to industrial Internet, the industrial cycle in the digital economy has weakened. In the digital economy, the information and communication industry (ict) has become the new generation of business infrastructure across industries and across countries.
At present, it is an important shift from 4g to 5g, and 5g is a technological shift from 4g to a breakthrough in business models and experiences. 5g is a 9-1 model before 5g, followed by 1-9 model after 5g, and tob will be the most important application in the future.
Unlike 2/3/4g, 90 per cent of the applications of mobile communications services in the past focused on consumer demand, 10 per cent of the links were applied, a fundamental change would occur in the 5g era, and 90 per cent of the applications in the future would take place in the Tob market, and the business model would move from meeting human communications needs to enabling vertical industries and enterprises.
The cycle of capital expenditure by operators in the 5g era has been significantly reduced, as reflected in the investment intensity (capex/revenue) indicator, when the 5g curve began to flatten and ceased to resemble the clear peak valley of the 3/4g era, where the pressure on companies to depreciate gradually fell.
2.3 Competition: The 5g era entered stock operations, price competition became non-commercial, the 5g era operators entered stock operations, oligopolistic competitive pressures weakened, and price wars similar to the 4g era's “open-flow package” lost their commercial base.
The mobile user market is gradually saturated, with 5g end-user penetration up. By the end of November 2021, 22.6 per cent of the country was up by 17.9 percentage points from the end of the previous year. Fibre-to-house penetration was over 90 per cent, and the focus of competition was price-to-quality.
There are 920 million fibre access ports, representing 93.5% of all broadband access ports, an increase of 1.4 percentage points over the same period last year, and wide-ranging competition from users in previous years to content and quality.
In the first half of 2021, the number of broadband subscribers exceeded 14 million, 5.3 times as high as in the same period in 2020. According to the latest State Council digital economic development plan, the number of broadband subscribers is expected to reach 60 million in 2025.
In the first half of 2021, the average cost of mobile data flows fell to $3.22/gb, a 24.6 per cent decline compared to the previous year, which was significantly lower than the 50 per cent + reduction in the competition for the open-flow package for the three major operators in the early commercial period of 4g.
Data flow consumption grew again at a faster rate than the data flow, with the average value of mobile communication users increasing by 4.8 per cent to $49.9 per cent. 2.4 Structure: from Toc to Tob, the share of Hbn camp will reach 50 per cent in 2025
The digital economy has been accompanied by ecological changes in the ict industry, with companies moving gradually from toc to b. In the first half of 2021, China ' s mobile communications services accounted for up to 65 per cent of end-of-end income, Hbn (family, government, innovation) for 35 per cent, and Hbn for up to 5 percentage points in 2020.
Personal markets: 5g accelerated penetration led to an escalation in communications consumption, and the arpu value is expected to rise mildly. 2021h1 company ' s personal market revenue was $255.5 billion, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the same period, mobile operations arpu 50.1, a slight increase of 2.6 per cent over the same period.
Family markets: As the cycle nears its end, household market revenues will continue to grow rapidly. By the end of June 2021, company-owned broadband clients reached 205 million, “Morca and” clients reached 154 million, becoming the largest domestic market customer, the home broadband operator and the big screen content service provider.
The household market of the 2021h1 company generated income of $50 billion, an increase of 33.7 per cent compared to the same period last year.
In the first half of 2021, China’s mobile market generated 73 billion yuan, an increase of 32.4 per cent compared to the previous 32.4 per cent, of which idc’s operations grew by 11.8 billion yuan, an increase of 27 per cent compared to the previous year; mobile cloud revenues of 9.7 billion yuan, an increase of 118.1 per cent compared to the previous year; and ct
In 2021 q3, the market share of mobile clouds rose to 3.22%, ranking from 10th in 20 q4 to the top of the industry at 135%, qoq at 34%. The bottom of the idc business as a digital economy will also be a new growth pole for the company, which we estimate is expected to reach in 2025.
Emerging markets: "Industries + Investment" is working in tandem to accelerate the construction of a number of intelligent ecosystems. Emerging market operations, though relatively small, are an important part of the company’s ability to expand the boundaries of emerging business markets for future growth. In new business areas, firms invest in synergies, while increasing artificial intelligence, financial science, and technology.
In the first half of 2021, emerging markets achieved 14.5 billion yuan, with international operations and digital content contributing 67.52.7699 billion yuan, up from 19.5 per cent to 25.1 per cent.
Focusing on super-clear videos, video colour bells, cloud games and cloud xxr, gradually exploring the megu evolution of the meta-cosmos, looking at the evolution of the ict industry, the success of technology firms is more the result of their own efforts, in keeping with industry and business rhythms. From the perspective of "end-network-application-ecological" the ict industry's value chain continues to grow.
Transfer, strategic heights from network to terminal to content. China's greatest success in moving over the past two decades was the creation of the world's largest 2g network in the "Web for King" era, which generated a demographic dividend; and the construction of the world's largest 4g network in the "Web for King" era, which generated a flow dividend.
The next decade of the economic era is also a period of transformation of the ict industry from “Kings for Content” to “Kings for Smart.” The key to China’s successful mobile transformation is the ability to build cloud-plus data, thereby transforming the business model from “pipes for flow” to “links for numeracy for capacity.”
The value of China’s mobile investments is represented by China’s movement and the value of its verizon, which vary considerably. According to the p/b valuation, the high value of the 2014-2018 valuation was mainly due to the acquisition events, with a sharp increase in the number of liabilities and equity multipliers during the period, leading to a significant increase in the value of China’s mobile investments.
Over 100% to roe; the post-p/b valuation is stable but still higher than China, where it is currently 2.74x and 0.71x to verizon and China, respectively. The difference between verizon and China's mobile valuation was gradually increased after 2017, and the calculation of verizon was based on the latest financial disclosure ebitda
The difference between China's movement and the valuation of the p/b of the verizon is mainly due to the difference in leverage rates.
p/b=p/e*roe=p/e*e/e/e/e/s*s*s/a*a/b. From 2018 data analysis, the main gap is the roe gap, whereas the roe gap is mainly due to differences in leverage rates (equity multipliers = total assets/shareholder benefits) and has nothing to do with the efficiency of the company’s operations (net profit rate, total asset turnover rate).
The difference between China’s movement and the valuation of verizon’s ev/ebitda is mainly due to differences in leverage and investment intensity. The reason for disassembling the ev and ebitda values is that the ev = total market value +debt, ebitda = net profit + interest + tax + depreciation of fixed assets + amortization of intangible assets.
By comparison, net profits are compared with net profit rates, liabilities and interest costs are compared with asset-liability ratios, depreciation of fixed assets is mainly derived from capital expenditure, and the tax and amortization of intangible assets is less affected when compared with investment intensity (capex/revenue). From the data from 2018, China moves high investments.
This is reflected in the depreciation of fixed assets, which increases the ebitda value; and the high asset-liability ratio of Verizon, which is reflected in the overall disparity between the two,v/ebitda.p/e ' s valuation dropped from 11.09 to 7.77, resulting in lower overall market value of the company and the eventual result
The result is a gradual decline in the value of the v/ebitda valuation. Figure 37: China ' s total mobile market value has been declining steadily since 2019 Comparison of valuations: a transition to content business compared to verizon, at&t. At&t acquired in July 2015
Directv, in October 2016, during the takeover of Warner, the intensity of investment in the 5g era continued to decline to 9.1%, and the 2021 semi-annual report showed that the content of Warnermedia reached 19.7% by 19.7%, and Verizon insisted on expanding pipeline operations, with investment intensity remaining around 15%.
The difference between the average value at&t of about 1.5 x and the average value of the verizon of about 4.0 x is significant. The difference between the differences in verizon, at&tp/b is due to the fact that the divisional valuation method should be used after the expansion of the t&t operation. According to p/b=p/e*roe=p/e*e/s*s/a*a/b, as is known, at &t at p/e above
The difference between verizon, p.b is mainly from roe. Dismantling the verizon and roe at &t, at &t's profit (net profit rate), operating capacity (total asset turnover) and leverage (equity multiplier) is lower than verizon. At &t should use the segment valuation method, content operations should not be applied to the p/b valuation, and p/e should be evaluated.
Since 2009, China’s net mobile interest rate has levelled off and reached maturity. According to the business life cycle, changes in net profitability represent a shift in the value of the business, with ebitda rates smoothing cyclicality.
In summary, China’s mobile efficiency (net profit rate, total asset turnover rate, etc.) is better than that of verizon, at&t, and the difference between the two valuations is mainly due to differences in leverage and investment intensity. This reflects the difference between the United States operator’s performance and the size of the investment.
By contrast, China moves to a relatively radical, financially conservative strategy for investment networking. As the division moves into a weak, cyclical maturity period, its investment intensity is stable, its profits are moderate and growing, and its market value is emptied.
(Emergency and others), where personal business income is expected to increase slightly with 5g upgrades, Māori rates are projected to be: company-owned telecommunications operations are full-scope features, and operating costs such as network operation and support costs, depreciation and amortization cannot be further split by service and product categories.
Further integration of offline business processing channels, build-up of company long-standing client size advantages, expected large differences between company-c-end and non-c-end operations, and the theoretical adoption of segment valuation is more reasonable.
Valuations, for which p/s valuations are used. Because of the full network features of company-owned telecommunications operations, the cost structure of the operations cannot be broken down in detail, the company is valued using a combination of the absolute dcf valuation and the overall pe-phase valuation method.
Pe Valuation method: We can see from China Telecom, China Connect, Verizon, at&t, Japanese Telegrams and German Telecoms on average 2022pe in the industry, considering that China ' s movement is at the top of the world ' s operators in terms of both size and operating benefits.
dcf valuation: taking into account the stability of China’s mobile operations and the certainty of the assumption of sustainable operations, we calculate the future of the company’s operations using the dcf cash flow discount method.
Risk-free rate of return: risk premium: expected market rate of return of 8 per cent, net of risk-free rate of return, risk premium value
On the basis of the above assumptions, the value of the company ' s investments is analysed using the dcf method, and the value of the company ' s parent shareholding is approximately $2060.51 billion. We conduct a sensitivity analysis of this valuation, with a sustained growth rate of 0.8%, combinedpe valuation and dcf valuations, respectively, and we take the average arithmetic value of the median value between pe and dcf valuation areas and give it to
▪ 5 gtoc currently does not have a clear business model and applications in the tob sector may require longer periods of time
▪ The intelligent driving industry has not developed as expected, and 5gv2x has not developed as expected;
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment