CHINA MOVEMENT: THE DIGITAL ECONOMY LEVEL, STARTING A Ten-Year New Era, 17/03/2022, Research Assistant Yao Kuo-hwa
▪ The leading global mobile communications service operator, the core base of the digital economy: China's movement is the leading global communications service operator, with industry leading in terms of user size, base station, etc.; as the digital economy moves fast, the operator is a critical infrastructure for the digital transformation of enterprises and the application of 5g innovations is on the ground
We expect that China’s mobile performance will be met with a gradual increase in the arpu value, as the penetration rate of 5g users rises at a rate of 6%.
Gradual improvements; industrial eco-upgrading is driven by firm-n-side operations, with companies using leading technologies such as 5g networks, gigabytes of broadband, etc., building on the advantage of the size of their customers and channels, building on the “mico-gu” series of products, including the Micah video, while actively building a third-party platform and promoting new and emerging business developments such as insurance brokers, payments, etc.
Strong internal digital transformations, further precision marketing in sales, faster digital operations in-house, and further capital savings and downscaling effects with wide-scale co-construction began. On balance, income has risen steadily, and lower-down effects have hit the bottom, and we see that China’s mobile performance has continued to improve steadily.
▪ The investment map is extensive, creating a core ecological circle: China has moved to create a special production and investment fund, which covers areas related to basic telecommunications services, new media, new technologies, etc., both within and outside the country. In the future, it will be implemented through M & A + equity + innovative investment schemes in hundreds of millions of industries and will enrich its own business layouts.
The progressive construction of the biosphere, a deeper understanding of the dynamics of the industry, an increase in the broader scale of the investment landscape, and the current low level of historical valuations, the scope for valuation restoration and upgrading: the steady increase in performance as a result of the improvement in the arpu value and the gradual emergence of the b end-of-business drivers, the space for valuation restoration, and, secondly, the cloud perspective,
In the current market, where China ' s movement is valued uniformly according to its traditional operations, the existing cloud operations are not valued properly. In the first half of 2021, China earned $9.7 billion in mobile cloud revenues, exceeding the entire year of 2020, in comparison with the excellent harvest, the golden mountain cloud and the Qing Yun, and we believe that China ' s movement also has advantages in terms of basic resources and technology.
As a result, the high rate of growth in mobile cloud operations will further drive China’s mobile valuation. Hundreds of millions of shares, buybacks, will highlight business confidence, while at the same time granting about 306 million shares of stock options to 9914 management cadres and core talent, with emphasis on employee incentives: as of March 17, China’s mobile dividends rate
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect China to move business income from 2021-2023 to move China ' s current combined strength at the top of the world, while at the end of c business improvement, end of b business progresses well. The value will increase gradually, taking into account the level of valuation of foreign operators, and in 2022 we gave the two-fold pb target.
1. China Movement: leading integrated information service provider, brilliant and lost over the past 20 years, China Mobile Limited provides full-time communications services in all thirty-one provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central African Republic and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, covering mainly mobile voice and data, cable broadband and other information links.
On 3 September 1997, China moved to Hong Kong, and on 22 and 23 October 1997 China moved to New York Stock Exchange and Hong Kong United Exchange Limited, respectively.
Figure 1: China Mobile Highlights 2017, leading the completion of the first version of 5g network architecture international standards: English
China's mobile, telecommunications and connectivity set-up i-country roll-out of mvno (mobile virtual network fully-owned subsidiary Guangdong moved.
China's communications facility service has a limited share of i-line operators.
Corporations, moving their registered capital; Right; signed with Pouphu Bank.
(b) Mobile finance, mobile electricity.
In 2020, the first annual income from a limited wireless Internet operation in China Telecom (Hong Kong) was opened in Hong Kong.i
And in New York, we're working together in the sub-business area: full use of services; building the world's highest altitude.
The company was officially renamed the China Migration Institute and Hong Kong joint transaction, which exceeded the sum of the revenues from voice and colour mail.
5g base station, China 5g package customer Mob (Hong Kong) Ltd.
In 2018, mobile clients broke out on a scale of i! Acquisition of Iron Channel assets and operations.
China Telecom (Hong Kong) has issued third-generation mobile i to obtain cable broadband license plates and resources;
· 900 million; received fifth generation of movement. The company has been capped to acquire Jiangsu, Harbour, Ltd. and changed its name to China!
, Communications (3g) license plate_! Communications (5g) experimental frequency;
State Movement Limited, 2008. Fujian, Henan, Hainan, 2019, issued 5g license plates.
Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, and China's Telecommunications Group have joined China!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Plan 5g+, 50 cities all over the country!
Hebei, Liaoning, Shandong, National Mobile Communications Group, 5g commercials opened and commercial set-up released.
Content services and Internet operations, license plates (td-lte technology, Guangxi, etc.)
To become a fully-owned subsidiary!
1.1. Looking back at the past 20 years and looking at the ice and fire that China has moved, we look back at the trend of China ' s moving to the market to date, using 2008 as the point of demarcation, and divide China ' s movement into two figures: China ' s moving (port) moving to the market to the present (Hong Kong dollar)
Phase I: From listing to 2008, analogue signals were turned to digital signals, mobile terminal penetration was rapidly increasing. According to China ' s mobile business indicator data, the number of users remained at about 20 per cent, although the arpu value was gradually declining, from 2003 to 2008, so that the rate of increase in net profit in the final financial statements remained high.
Between 1997 and 2008, domestic operators continued to enjoy growth in performance as a result of the growth of mobile households. Phase II: Traditional operations entered a weak growth phase and the growth rate of operators began to slow down, mainly because of:
1) User perspective: mobile terminal penetration is gradually reaching a high level and the user growth dividend is gradually decreasing; while the quality of service provided by domestic operators is gradually improving, the user needs focus is gradually shifting from service to content; 2) speech rights perspective: the shift in user focus is creating more opportunities for Internet producers to operate
Businesses are gradually becoming conduits, losing their pricing voice; 3) Policy perspectives: government reports and requests for speeding down fees from the State Department, among others, are constantly being made, operating flows are declining for many years, and revenue drivers are being harmed.
In summary, China’s movement has gradually diminished as the dividends of the growth of mobile users have been reduced, and the accumulation of arpu values has begun to slow down. At present, China’s movement is China’s largest telecommunications operator, and the largest global network and client base.
As of December 2021, China had 956 million mobile customers, with a market share of 58.22%; as of June 2021, there were 226 million mobile cable broadband customers, with a market share of 47.01%. As of November 2021, China had moved more than 560,000 base stations, accounting for 560,000.
Over 36 per cent of the global 5g base station total, over 160 million terminal connections, or more than 40 per cent of the global total, and over 1.08 million data centre hangars, leading the global industry.
During the 4g period, China’s net profit growth on mobile and parent returns slowed. In 2019, the company achieved a total revenue of 749,031 million yuan, an increase of 1.42 per cent over the previous year; and a net return profit of 10,167 million yuan, a decline of 10.7 per cent over the same period, a rise of 6.9 per cent over the same period, in 2020.
The rapid development of the mobile Internet has hit the voice business, which has continued to decline since 2012, and the data business has contributed more to the total in 2015. In the data business, text messages have been affected by the replacement of the ott business, and their contribution to income has continued to decline, wirelessly.
The toc client growth has been a major driver of income growth, with a narrow drop in arpu. The number of mobile business users in 2020 was 942 million, a small decrease of 0.08 million compared to 2019 (950 million) and 956 million by the end of 2021.
The size of the client has risen. Mobile operations arpu amounted to $47.4 in 2020, a decrease of 3.46 per cent in the same year; mobile operations arpu arpu amounted to $50.1 in the third quarter of 2021, an increase of 2.45 per cent in the same year, and mobile arpu a small increase. 4g users increased and the size of the 5g package expanded. 4g users amounted to 85.94 per cent in late 2021, compared to 85.94 per cent in the previous quarter.
By the end of the third quarter of 2021, mobile phones reached 12.3gb, an increase of 2.9gb compared to the end of 2020 (9.4gb), but the overall increase slowed down. In 2019, mobile phones reached 86%.
The year q3dous grew at a rate of 35.16%. Tob business became a new engine of income growth. The number of government and business clients in 2020 was 1.84 million, an increase of 34.63% in the same year, and in the first half of 2021 it reached 15.53 million, a net increase of 1.69 million households.
In 2019, China ' s mobile depreciation and amortization amounted to $18,218 million, an increase of 18.24 per cent, or 24.41 per cent, of total revenue, and an increase of 3.47 per cent, mainly because of the corresponding increase in capital expenditure since the 5g network was established. It is generally believed that this ratio matches corporate income and capital expenditure.
The net cash flow from operating activities increased steadily in the first half of 2021 as a proportion of total assets. In the first half of 2021, the share decreased, but remained at a higher level, with better utilization of corporate assets.
Figure 12: China ' s mobile depreciation amortization and share (billion yuan, %) 2. How do we see China ' s mobile investment value at the current point?
2.1.1. c End-of-service pressure is gradually released, performance is steadily rising, mobile network fees are not required after 2020, and operator speed-down pressure is reduced. 5g users are increasing steadily: 165 million mobile 5g package users in China in 2020, compared to 2019
The number of households increased by 162 million, the number of 5g meals in 2021 amounted to 387 million, an increase of 134.54 per cent over the number of users in 2020, the number of mobile phones on the Internet in 2020 amounted to 9.4gb and the amount of mobile arpu amounted to $47.4 per cent. Due to the rapid development of 5g operations and the widespread penetration of 5g meals, the number of dou rose to 12.3gb in the first three quarters of 2021; and the number of mobile arpu drops.
The new terminal market is vast, and the future demand space is wide. According to the Sadi Institute, China will have a market size of 96.42 billion yuan in 2021 and approximately 35.31 per cent in 2017-2022.
2.1.2.h End-of-business operations have increased in size and performance, and China ' s mobile drive has led to the overall upgrading of smart family services and the continuous improvement of broadband access speed and quality. By the end of June 2021, China ' s mobile household broadband clients reached 205 million, making it the largest household broadband service provider in the domestic market.
Businesses and big screen content service providers. Companies have expanded their network applications to include video, child, health, education, games, music, six main categories based on the "Motherbue," covering about 300 partners in 2021 and 154 million product customers in 2021.
In January-June, the company ' s family broadband combined arpu was $41.10, an increase of 16.23 per cent. Meanwhile, value-added operations such as big screens, intelligence networks, home security, smart remotes, etc., grew rapidly, with smart household value-added business income rising to 2.1.3.b in 2020, becoming another driving force for growth.
In the first half of 2018-2021, China ' s income from mobile toc operations fell from 75.78 per cent to 64.99 per cent, and revenue from the Tob industry rose from 12.12 per cent to 18.58 per cent. Companies achieved business income of $112.92 billion in the first half of 2021, and figure 20: Composition of income from mobile toc operations in China (%)
China has moved the big tob team, developed new infrastructure, deployed 5g base stations in 340 cities across the country, with over 350,000 dc cabinets, 40,000 mobile cloud pool servers, 400t export bandwidth, thousands of integrated management teams, tens of thousands of R & D teams as of October 2020.
China has moved rapidly to the political and business markets, focusing on priority products and industries, and has continued to promote the integration of “nets and clouds” into development, raising revenues, strengthening the capacity of cloud-resource products, and building human capacity in the field.
In the first half of the year, revenues amounted to $730.7 billion, an increase of 32.37% over the same period last year, a record increase. At the same time, the number of political and business enterprises reached 15.53 million, an increase of 1.69 million, or 37.56%, over the same period last year.
Each end-of-end network has access to a logically independent network resource that separates the slices from each other. Network slices provide the network's transmission capacity to meet the needs of different applications and customers in a more efficient manner and to meet the needs of industry users for business availability, security, credibility, and controllability.
In the course of its closing practice, China moves to summarize the “seven main processes of the three layers of the six domains” from the end of the web slice: the three layers refer to the network, management and operational layers; the six domains include csmf, nsmf, core network, transmission network, wireless network and terminals; the seven processes include ordering, opening, billing, layout/configuration, management, registration, session, etc.
2.1.4.n End-of-line operations remain at the forefront, leading to network eco-upgrading: by the end of June 2021, the international/Hong Kong-Okway services covered 264 directions, while the 5g started 43, maintaining global leadership; and in-depth collaboration with 466 operators' client partners, “locking hands”
The Plan covers over 3 billion users worldwide, leading the global roll-out of the “roads, stations, islands” network; operating revenues amounted to $6,752 million in January-June 2021, an increase of 19.5 per cent over the same period, accounting for 46.42 per cent of the total income of emerging markets.
"McChu" series of products, including the michael video, which focuses on the Olympic Games, the European Cup, the middle-level basket, etc., combined with copyright rights, has pioneered the application of hdrvivid technology to major international sports events, June 2021, McC video full-time, with 242 million active users, an increase of 14.54 per cent; the company is fully engaged in creating a "communication + short video" video bell.
By the end of June 2021, the number of registered users of the payment platform had reached 293 million, supporting 185 banks.
2.2. Accelerated growth in income from mobile cloud operations The global demand for cloud services is strong as a result of the impact of the new global crown epidemic and the digital transformation of countries. As the second largest global cloud market, China, according to Canalys, in the third quarter of 2021, China’s mainland cloud base
Of these, Ali, Hua, Tetsu, 100% of the four largest companies account for 80% of the market share, and Ali Yun leads by 38.3% of the market share. Small and medium-sized domestic cloud producers account for $11.93 billion of the market size of the gold and the country's national coastal cloud, which is 53.7% higher than the market for cloud services.
By the first half of 2021, the Golden Mountain Cloud had generated 3,987 million yuan, a year-on-year increase. In the first half of the year, Green Cloud Technology had achieved a business income of 249 million yuan, an increase of 72.54%.
China has accelerated its development of cloud-based operations, creating a cloud-based advantage. Mobile cloud operations are China’s mobile operations, directed to clients such as government, business and developers. They are based on cloud computing techniques and the use of Internet models to provide services such as basic resources, platform capabilities, and software applications. Mobile clouds are publicly owned Yunping as a result of autonomous technology research and development.
Platform, which has achieved “n+31+x” centre plus edged cloud layouts, i.e., n-centre nodes, 31 provincial territorialization nodes, x-side nodes, successfully creating a global resource layout for “one cloud.” Mobile cloud operations have short deployment cycles and fast-line operations; use them on demand, reducing costs; core technology is fully owned
In March of that year, its self-research products numbered over 200 and served more than 1 million clients, with a sustained core capacity to export in priority areas such as government, education, health, the Internet, finance, agriculture, industry, etc., and to build one-stop individual solutions for clients to meet their different needs.
As a result of the intellectual transformation of the number of government and corporate clients, China’s mobile share of public-owned cloud revenues has entered the top 10 branches of the industry. In the first half of 2021, a study of the market for the operation of government services showed that the market size of the Chinese government’s market for the operation of cloud services reached 4,987 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 25 per cent over the previous year, with mobile clouds in the forefront and third in the market share.
2.3. Financial perspective: emphasis on internal digital transformation, emphasis on mitigation efficiency, China ' s mobility is pushing for an up-to-up systemization of marketing channels, fully stimulating networked grass-roots dynamism. In 2021, companies launched integrated operations to enhance the promotion of multi-temporal packages such as households, terminals, and political enterprises, and effective integration rates continue.
Upgrades the company ' s branding operations, combining the three major brands of Global Convergence, Motion Zones, and Gospel, integrating internal and external rights and interests, and effectively raising individual market revenues. In the first half of 2021, the company achieved 25,554.5 million yuan in personal market revenues, actively promoted the construction of a pan-Union direct marketing system with China ' s mobile movement, promoted the transformation of the digitally intelligent marketing model and raised the industrial chain.
China's mobile construction “business + data + technology” smart center, which promotes intelligence, operates, develops its own new-generation customer service system, continuously upgrades its intelligent client capabilities, integrates the ai research and development platform online, supports multiple ai project internal applications, and increased the precision marketing success rate by 1.2 times in 2019. In 2020, China's mobile construction was completed.
Three hundred and fifty-five thousand base stations, with a total of more than five million mobile base stations and 59,000 network operators, are investing about 140 billion dollars a year in network maintenance costs. Faced with the double pressure of upgrading network quality and crushing operating costs, China’s mobile propulsion network is undergoing a massive intellectual transformation, using technologies such as artificial intelligence to improve transport efficiency.
Figure 28: China ' s mobile network intelligent development thinking Figure 29: China ' s mobile Guizhou intelligent transport system
On the same day, China’s RTK and China’s mobile China signed a 5g strategy cooperation agreement in Beijing, officially launching a 700mhz5g network to build a shared network. Zhang Yun Yong, General Manager of China’s Connected Products Center, pointed out that building a 4g coverage level would save about 20 billion yuan a year in operating costs such as electricity, rent, etc.
China has signed a series of agreements with China Wire, on behalf of 31 Chinese mobile provincial companies, including the 5g Agreement on Shared Cooperation, the 5g Agreement on Cooperation in Network Maintenance, the Market Cooperation Agreement, and the Agreement on Settlement of User Fees. Both sides will make full use of their respective 5g advantages in terms of technology, frequency, content, etc.
5g Network Resources Sharing, 700mhz Networking, and co-construction of the “Network + Content” Ecology, with fast 5g network coverage in an efficient and intensive manner. According to the agreement, 700mhz Wireless Networks are being built, expanded, upgraded to be co-invested at 1:1 ratio.
The entire assets of the 700mhz wireless network are owned by both parties on the basis of their 1:1 share. Both parties have the right to fully use the 700mhz wireless network to provide services to their respective clients. In addition, China has a 5g network that shares the 2.6ghz frequency band for a fee to China's wide power. China has a network user fee for mobile communications to China, including the operation and maintenance of the 700mhz wireless network.
Fees, 700mhz transmission network usage fees, 2g/4g/5g network usage charges. Figure 30: Four major operators 5g spectrum distribution 2.4. Valuation angle: historical valuation low, development outlook for the next 10 years
As of March 17, 2022, according to wind data, China has a mobile collection price of $61.03, pb-band 1.088x, which is low on historical valuations and high investment values.
To accelerate the construction of cloud pools, to promote cloudy growth in core critical areas, and to achieve a significant leap in corporate capacity. Mobile cloud products are targeted to clients in different sectors, such as government, finance, education, health, and the Internet, for custom-made solutions.
The power of marginal clouds is combined. Using cloud nets, cloud edges, cloud numbers, cloud intelligence as a key path to strengthen the company’s own ability to leverage and integrate with mobile clouds, to promote the synergy of network clouds, int clouds, and mobile clouds, to promote a pool of marginal cloud resources that is shared resources, integrated deployment, and to promote a steady increase in the company’s overall cloud capacity.
Builds a strong computing and new technological infrastructure and actively participates in the country's “East and West” program. Using new web technologies such as cloudnet integration and sdn/nfv, it combines the depth of the various types of network resources, including margin computing nodes, cloud computing nodes and wide area networks, and calculates the cloud computing node through centralized or distributed movement control methods.
Synergy with the network resources of storage resources, wide area networks, to form a new generation of information infrastructure, to provide clients with an overall computing, storage and connectivity service, and flexible, movementable demand-based service based on business characteristics.
Combining, integrating operations and capacities to effectively promote full integration is a central advantage of corporate development. Increased product integration provides easy and secure cross-field and one-stop information services for users through innovation in the integration of products such as mobile, broadband, communication socialization, home entertainment, smart living, office travel, etc.
Accelerating the transformation of full-process smart marketing. Accommodating with customer-centred, “up-to-line integration, social ownership and traditional new synergies”, creating a sound multi-touch, all-over, and refined marketing channel system that promotes a digital transformation of marketing services. Deepening the integration of off-line marketing services, reinforcing channels for channelling, cross-marketing, and making a significant difference.
Creates the industrial center of wisdom. With the direction of “deprecation capacity, support for development, intellectual empowerment”, it is structured around planning, building, operating, and applying four links, bringing together the "business plus data plus technology" center of wisdom to build a business.
The world's leading intelligent mid-stage aaas service system, with a rich internal application landscape, strongly supports the productive, entrepreneurial and agile innovation of the company's units, optimizes and maximizes the allocation of resources, shares capabilities and continuously exports high-quality and efficient digital intelligence.
2. Science and technology ecology works together to build a strong science, technology and innovation system. The development approach moves from resource-driven to innovation-driven upgrading to full-scale technological empowerment, product innovation and eco-synergization, promoting the overall maturity of information technology and industrial chains, and science and technology.
The contribution of innovation to the growth of corporate incomes and the upgrading of transformations has increased considerably. Convergence of smart living ecology. Opening up a billion-class user markets around new consumption scenarios, sharing of customers, co-generation platforms, co-investment of resources, and releasing domestic markets through product integration of innovation, co-operation of users, channeling of inter-routing, etc.
Digital consumption potential. The system upgrades the industrial chain convergence and marketing capacity of the Pan-intellectual Terminals, and creates a pan-intelligent terminal-wide distribution coalition to drive customer value upgrading through terminal and business integration. 2.5. Innovative institutional perspectives: focus on investment, equity incentives, and speed up new business layouts
On November 14, 2019, Yuan Lihua, Deputy Director-General of China's Mobile Investment Department, said that China had moved around the 5g+ Capital Circle and had invested more than 40 projects to date.
Investments exceed the RMB 180 billion. In the Internet, businesses such as Quantico, Mi, ucloud, and Green Cow software have been deployed. The investment map covers basic telecommunications services, new media, new technologies, etc., both inside and outside China, and tmt-related tmt-related tmt. China moves faster and more rapidly.
China Mobile Investment operates through two plus three investments, i.e., two direct investors: middle capital transfer, middle investment; three fund platforms: parent fund (middle and invent), master fund (middle equity fund) and joint fund (middle and innovative industry fund), which constructs the 7+1 industrial ecological layout, which covers mixage and artificial intelligence of state enterprises.
In recent years, companies have built up capital flows that regulate professions.
China’s mobile director, Yang Jie, at the main forum of the 2020 China Mobile Global Partnership Conference, stated that China would move to China.
"Digital Blue Sea" and construction of a new ecology. Big-value cakes: open up a billion-grade customer market, share customers, build platforms, invest resources together, release the potential for information consumption; work cooperative approaches, M & A + equity + creative investment, buy-in shares for the next five years, 100 billion yuan and create a 100 billion-grade parent fund; work together to implement a 50 billion-dollar value-sharing initiative.
On January 26, 2022, China's mobile plan was transferred back to the purchase-ports unit in the amount of not more than 2,048 million shares. On January 4, 2022, China issued an announcement to return the purchase-back stock in China.
2.048 billion shares, equivalent to no more than 10 per cent of the issued Hong Kong shares, are used to boost market confidence, maintain stock prices, grant approximately 306 million shares of stock options to 9914 management cadres and core talent, and grant three instalments of stock options based on the previous Chinese move announced Hong Kong 55 Hong Kong dollars of the incentive programme and China ' s move 59 Hong Kong on the same day.
The share price of the dollar/equity is approximately HK$123,000 per person, or RMB110,000. This is the first time that an equity incentive has been introduced since China moved to the market. It is conducive to improving the company’s governance structure, creating shareholder, company-employee benefit-sharing, risk-sharing mechanisms, effectively stimulating and retaining core staff, and promoting the company’s long-term stability.
The annual dividends distributed by China during the fiscal year 2018-2020 also show a firm’s interest in shareholder returns and share-holders’ development gains as they return to the market.
3. Profit forecasting and investment rating Policy pressures are gradually released, and arpu is gradually improving: with the gradual release of the pressure to lift down fees and the gradual increase in household penetration of 5g, China ' s moving arpu values are steadily upwards, leading to a gradual improvement in traditional end-c operations.
Innovative business expansion has been successful, and performance drivers have been gradually released: as the Chebn strategy progresses, emerging business (idc, cloud, ict services, object networking, etc.) is expected to become another important driver of growth in operator income over the next three years, based on China’s mobile business layout, we have chosen China Connect and China Telecom as comparable companies.
China ' s three major telecommunications operators are China ' s mobile, Chinese-connected and Chinese telecommunications operators, whose clients cover most of the country ' s needs. The main operations cover mobile voice and data, cable broadband, while expanding cloud operations to promote digital transformation and competition to improve their own efficiency. They also provide services to their clients in a comparable manner.
By comparison with domestic operators, China is currently moving a higher level of pb valuation than its domestic operator's average, but we believe that China moves as the leader of a leading operator in terms of base stations, users, etc., but as a whole compares the operator's domestic valuation, the three major operators are currently at a low historical valuation level, and the valuation repair and valuation are at a low level.
One hundred and fifty of the world's most valuable telecommunications brands, the top ten global telecom operators are: Verizon, at&t xfinance (comcast), spectrum (chartercommifications), vodafone, orange (French telecommunications company), au (kddi), and we've added soft and silver.
China’s mobile population is currently growing rapidly in terms of infrastructure, the number of users and related business layouts, and the combined strength is at the forefront of the world, and we believe that China’s mobile pb valuation is expected to be close to the global pb valuation level.
So we value the two-fold pb target. Second, from a Pe's perspective, we compare the foreign operators whose operating profits have been growing steadily (but because of the new crown epidemic, there's an anomaly in individual companies in 2020), which has been evaluated for almost three years.
Taking into account that China’s move is currently actively expanding its 2b operations and gradually moving towards integrated solution providers, we have selected a share in Heiconway and Dahua’s shares, both of which are of some use as leading solution providers, and the Pe valuation, which has been valued at around 24-31x over the last three years.
At present, China is moving in the form of high-speed decomposition pressure release, arpu is gradually improving, traditional end-c business is steadily rising, and in the same time, the b-side business is actively expanded, and future performance growth is stable, taking into account the valuation levels of global operators and domestic integrated solutions providers, and we value the 20-foldpe target.
Based on the above discussion, from the perspective of pb, on 17 March, we valued pb(lf) 1.09x(bps) as a 20-fold target for national movement for 2022 and, in other cases, without change, the market value of the 20x corresponding target was $22,655.0 million, at an average price of $ 109.02, which was covered for the first time with an “buy-in” rating.
First, the government’s demand for speed-down fees was relaxed, but as the 5g pushed ahead, the rate-down policy might be sustained. At the same time, domestic communications equipment manufacturers’ operating costs increased, Māori rates decreased, product competitiveness declined, and the prices of related plants were highly competitive, resulting in less profitable firms than expected.
The telecommunications sector has continued to expand from telecommunications services to information services, and market competition has evolved from single-product services to higher forms of universal platforms and ecosystem competition. The diversification of market participants has led to more complex and varied patterns of competition in the sector.
Value “highlands”, new areas for expanding information services are closing windows at an accelerated pace. 5g penetration rates are not as high as expected. The State has weakened its policy of supporting new areas such as 5g, physical networking, the willingness of operators to deploy 5g/nb-iot networks, lower capital spending than expected, and the collection of communications equipment, light communication devices, etc.
The vendor concerned is expected to be exposed to the risk of underordering, and Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities