China's mobile operator has returned to a share, several intellectual transformations have spread over the land, and China's movement is the leader of the domestic operator, returning to a share early this year, to draw upon the mainland operator's valuation.
China’s mobile 5g base stations are a global leader, working with China’s wide power grid to capture 700mhz gold frequency, and commercial speed is higher than expected. Individuals, households, governments, and emerging four-wheel-drives are expected to achieve a further peak in corporate performance.
China’s first mobile coverage report reported that China’s 5g is a global leader in development, and China’s 5g mobile construction is at the forefront, working together to accelerate development. China’s mobile, Chinese-owned enterprises are actively involved in standard-setting; China’s base stations account for the global share.
Over 70% and 52% of the country’s base stations are built by China; China’s mobile and 700-mhz-banded China-wide community-building stations are built at a faster rate than expected. Traditional robust operations are well under way, personal operations are growing steadily, and intelligent families are becoming new directions for development.
The company’s personal business continues to be a leader, and smart household business becomes a new growth point in its performance. Political and emerging markets are driven by two-wheel drive, with a five-g-link advantage.
▪ The speed with which the construction of 5g base stations has accelerated, competition in the holding of income from the 5g most relevant household and political markets has intensified, the growth of users in the telecommunications sector is at risk of decline, the 5g business model is premature, the risk of policy change, and the risk of offshore regulation.
"The New Golden Age of Telecommunications Operators: High Qualifications."
The period of development has begun and is largely geared towards the prospect of revaluement.
1 China moves back to a share, the operator continues to lead more than 20 years of deep farming, and the leader is well-established. China Mobile Limited is the largest provider of communications services in China and China.
China’s mobile telecommunications company, Inc., has been developed by China’s “mobile communications” business. China’s communications industry has developed for more than 20 years.
China’s telecommunications restructuring began with the entry of China’s telecommunications network in 1994 and the registration of corporate entities in China’s telecommunications industry in 1995, gradually separating the administration. In 1998, the post and telecommunications branch was reorganized, and the telecommunications sector divided the then Ministry of Post and Telecommunications into two separate departments, a separate government, an information industry, and a regulatory role in the telecommunications sector; in 2000, telecommunications moved heavily.
The group, the mobile operations of China’s General Telecommunications Administration, were stripped out and became a prototype of China’s movement; in 2008, the six major reorganizations were merged into three major groups, and China’s iron-tone was integrated into China’s mobile telecommunications group, made up for the lack of mobile net-fixing operations, and thus moved to China as China’s telecommunications industry, which has moved to China for more than 20 years.
On 22 and 23 October 1997, respectively, it was listed on the New York Stock Exchange and on the Hong Kong United Exchanges Ltd. and became the first overseas listing stock of the United States Corporation; in 2000, China Mobile Telecommunications Group Inc. was registered in Beijing and acquired several provincial mobile departments and China Telecommunications Group companies; in 2013, China ' s mobile companies were issued 4g licence plates and commercial services were launched in 16 cities; and in 2019,
The Ministry of Information and Communications officially issues a 5g commercial licence plate to the mobile population; in 2021, China moved from the New Dealer to the market on 5 January 2022, and returned to the stock market. As a result of this development, China moved to become the world-class telecommunications operator with the largest network and clientele worldwide, leading in profitability and ranking in market value.
China Mobile Limited is a Chinese mobile group. The China Mobile Group is a telecommunications company formed by the General Ministry for the Reform of the State Telecommunications System. The State Finance Committee and the National Social Security Fund Board of the State Council hold 90% and 10% respectively of China Mobile Group traditional business.
China moves as a leading global telecommunications and information service provider, committed to providing a full range of communication and information services to individuals, families, governments, and emerging markets. Companies built a high-speed, mobile, secure, and general information infrastructure that benefits one-fifth of the world. Companies have built basic network capabilities, creating communications services that include mobile communications, cable broadband, and idc, cloud computing, object networking, numbers.
China’s mobile operations have evolved into a 5-g era. With the development of 5-G, China’s mobile operations have also evolved.
Corporate tradition continues to be a strong leader. Companies have the largest global clientele. They cover more than 200 countries and regions around the world, with 946 million mobile customers, 205 million family customers, mobile customers and broadband clients all in the world; and companies have the largest number of customers.
At the end of June 2021, the company had a total of 5.28 million base stations, of which 4g base stations numbered 3.32 million, and 5g base stations number 500,000, all ranked first in the world; and the company ' s 4g network administrative village covered 99%.
The 5gsa network has managed to deliver 5g services in urban areas, parts of counties and priority areas throughout the country. 54.18 per cent increased in the first half of the year, with the largest number of clients in the world; by the first half of 2021, the number of dict incomes had increased by 60 per cent, with rapid growth; and 242 million video viewers per month were active.
Companies focus on the intellectual transformation and strategic direction of their development. Companies push for network cloud deployment, with core network functions aggregating more than 70%, and have built and put into operation the world’s largest Nfv, 5gsa cloud network.
China’s mobile “Great Connectivity Strategy” has been designed to expand the connection from individuals to families, businesses, and the interconnectivity of everything, and to develop information services as a whole in the four markets of individuals, families, governments, and emerging (chbn) countries.
Making use of the core advantages of user size and size, expanding business development space and creating new income growth points.
Chbn Business Market Income from Smart Family Value Added Business
The new dynamic is strong, the ratio of revenue to communications services, and the ratio to corporate markets.
1.3 Return to a share, with the expectation that funds will be used to fill the valuation base The valuation of the three major domestic operators is at an all-time low. Starting in 2016, the valuation of the three operators achieved high growth; continuing to decline after the high valuation point, beginning in 2017, with the implementation of the country ' s accelerated fee reduction policy; and ending in 2020, with the winding down of the market.
China’s three largest operators, p, pb, and v/ebitda, are far lower than those in Asia and the Pacific, North America, and Europe. Newton’s retreat was a blight, and China’s telecommunications hit the first shot.
In 2020, China’s mobile profits and net profits were gradually warming from the low valley of 2019. In 2021, h1 China’s mobile revenues amounted to 4436.47 billion yuan.
The same-year increase of 13.80%; in 2021, h1 China net mobile profit of 59,186 million yuan, an increase of 5.95%. Beginning in 2017, the firm’s financial position was better with a partial forecast of a sustained increase in revenue and net profits in 2021.
The ratio of individual markets to the expansion of the court and government markets has declined. Companies’ personal business has stabilized, their household business has improved, and their business activity has grown faster.
Figure 11. Sustained growth in corporate operating income 2018-2021h1 25g global leader, accelerated deployment of operator “5g+” operations 2.1 operator surged to take over 5g+ business markets
2.1.15 g Development leads the world, and policy support for continuous tagging is essential in the process of promoting 5g standard-setting. China’s production and research communities, in coordination with the Imt-2020 Working Group, have made a strong contribution to the completion of the first 5g standard and have made an important contribution in the process of standardization of 5g, and have also completed the industrialization-oriented process.
Three-stage testing. China’s telecommunications firm’s hard-pressed pollar became the control channel code, the first Chinese breakthrough in the field of channel code, reflecting China’s strength, and laid the foundation for China’s quest for a greater voice in the 5g standard.
In 2021, we deployed a total of 1,425,000 base stations, representing more than 70% of the world, and continued to lead the world. In 2021, we added 650,000 base stations to our 5g base stations. At the end of last year, the Ministry of Information and Communications published the 14th Plan for the Development of the Information and Communication Industry, which set quantitative development targets for infrastructure investments, reaching 26 base stations per 10,000 inhabitants in 2025.
According to the seventh census, we have 1,412 million people and an estimated 3.67 million base stations in 2025. 5g research and development is advancing, and innovation capacity is key to maintaining a leading position. Mobile operators, represented by China’s mobile presence, and web-based producers, represented by China, are the subject of 5g research and development, and have made significant progress in core research and development and network testing.
Publication of data: As of May 2021, the world had accumulated 146,866 necessary 5g patents, and five of the top 10 companies listed in the patent number were Chinese, China, China, Tang Telecom, oppo, and vivo, which together had 13,037 compulsory 5g patents. Our 5g standard required share of patents is the highest in the world, with a business-centred 5g patent accounting for three of the world ' s 5g patents.
Until 2018, our 5g policy focused primarily on encouraging businesses to participate in the development of 5g technologies and standards. As the 5g technology breakthroughs and the 5g standard were determined, the policy gradually shifted towards encouraging networking and application development, with future emphasis on 5g applications.
In October 2020, 14 ministries, such as the UNDP Development Commission and the Ministry of Labour and Communications, jointly issued a programme of work on the need to promote consumption in the near future, which clearly proposed the further promotion of direct power supply at 5g-based stations, further reducing the cost of operating 5g-based stations and supporting increased local support for the 5g network.
The 5g base station was directly traded with the electricity company, other costs incurred in cleaning the transmission chain were regulated, and price increases were regulated for the main trans-power provider, which led to a reduction in operating costs of 5g.
On 6 June 2019, our Ministry of Industry and Communications officially issued 5g commercial licence plates to China ' s telecommunications, China ' s movement, China ' s connectivity, and China ' s electricity. In March 2020, it stated that basic telecommunications enterprises should aim at the 5g independent network (sa) and speed up the deployment of the 5g network so as to achieve full coverage of the country ' s cities, counties and major towns.
The construction cycle of 5g is long and investment large. The construction of 3g/4g depth coverage takes 3-4 years, while the frequency of 5g is high and the radius of coverage is small, so there is a need for more multi-base stations. The Ministry of Information and Technology expects to achieve 5g national coverage in 2025, with a slow overall pace and a peak of 5g base stations in 2-3 years.
In 2019, China Connect and China Telecom signed a cooperation agreement; in January 2021, China moved to build a 5-g base station in cooperation with China.
Figure 22. Number of shared 5g base stations constructed by operators for the last two years
Co-operation at the national level to build a 5-g-access network, to define areas, to build sub-districts, to build 5-g-connected networks in defined areas, who builds, who invests, who maintains, and who bears the cost of operating the network. Under the co-construction sharing, two countries save more than 5-G investments in construction over $60 billion, save more than $6 billion in electricity costs, rent towers, etc., and basically achieve the minimum investment in time and speed.
The largest feature of the 700-mhz frequency is the low frequency band, the distance of the single base station, the ability to orbit, the relatively low cost of the network, which will be six times the number of bases required for the network of the 700-mhz group, compared to the 3.5-ghz group network, which is 4.9 ghz.
In January 2021, China signed a cooperation agreement between China and China.
China’s mobile and electrical co-construction will be divided into three phases, with the aim of progressively developing 5g users and forming end-to-end network uniforms. The total number of mobile and cellular 5g base stations will be 200,000, and a further 280,000 5g base stations are expected to be built in 2021.
Since 2019, construction and operation of 5g has become the core of the three major operators, and construction of 5g has started on a large scale since 2020, with the corresponding construction expenditure of 5g becoming the main capital expenditure of the three major operators. In 2020, total expenditure of 5g amounted to $177.5 billion, or more than 50% of total capital expenditure.
According to the 2021 China 5g&ai annual report, 5g applications will remain in import for the next two to three years, and consumer-level applications are expected to break out first. According to gsma, in 2020, there were 225 million global customers of 5g.
One, we have 200 million clients in 5g; according to gsma, in 2021 there were 500 million global clients in 5g, 400 million Chinese clients in 5g, and an estimated 80% global user of 5g in China. The number of customers will continue to increase in the future, and the range of 5g applications will continue to expand.
Figure 28.2021: China’s global share of 5g users will reach 80%. 2.2 China’s mobile 5g is far ahead of construction.
In terms of 5g standards and technological evolution, the company actively promoted the timely freezing of r16 standards, participated in depth in r17 and subsequent editions of global standards leading 99 5g projects in 3gpp and itu. By the end of June 2021, China had led the development of 122 5g international standards, accumulated over 7,000 submissions and applied for 5g patents.
Deepening partnerships with China, China, and leading the 5g sector. From 19 to 30 April 2021, the ITU Telecommunication Standardization Unit (itu-t) convened a plenary meeting of the sg16 Multimedia Research Group. China moved to lead our first 5g message intelligence.
International standards for safety testing provide a benchmark for national and international operators, content manufacturers, and industry partners to conduct secure operations for the 5g message operation. China’s mobile network development and operation at 5g has strong influence and advantages.
With the successful construction and operation of the world’s largest 4g network during the 4g period, China has accumulated a wealth of technology and experience, laying a solid foundation for 5g development. China is constantly investing in research and development, and has a technological base and innovative capabilities.
5g has made important contributions to technology, standards, industry, and applied development, and has accumulated a deep technological base and innovative capabilities. China’s movement has a deep technological accumulation in terms of applied basic research, key core technologies, product development, and current network support, reaching 11 billion yuan in research and development in 2020, accounting for 1.45% of business income and 70% of cagr.
Figure 29.2018 - 2020 China ' s mobile R & D investment continued to grow steadily. China ' s mobile network has built up the world ' s largest 5g network of fine products. China ' s mobile network created the world ' s largest 5g network of fine products. By the end of June 2021, China had 500,000 mobile stations, or 5g base stations.
Over 50 per cent of the total number of stations in the country is the largest in the world; the 5gsa network has achieved 5g service delivery in urban areas, parts of counties and priority areas across the country; over 250 million clients have been developed for the 5g package and over 120 million for the network, with over 200 industry flagship demonstration projects, over 4,000 commercialization projects for 5g and nine major industry platforms.
2.2.3 In the near future, China's “5g+” movement plan will deepen, and the “5g+” project will be advanced in depth. Following the acquisition of the 5g license in 2019, China officially launched the “5g+” project, which now stands at 5g+4g, 5g+aicde integration innovation, 5g+ecology, 5g+ecology, and 5g+x application expansion.
New, exploring the integration of new and diverse technologies, such as artificial intelligence, object networking, cloud computing, big data, and margin computing. In the area of human intelligence, the company has officially released the first self-researching platform, “nine days”; in the area of property networking, the creation of a core technology specialized object; in the area of web chips, the company anelink connects to 724 million and the onenet connects to 206 million; and in the area of cloud computing, self-research.
Cloud computing products are used on a large scale over 300,000 nodes on the current network; in large data areas, corporate big data platforms have access to over 1,100 tb per day; in marginal computing, companies build a hierarchy of marginal cloud computing systems and launch marginal cloud products. In the 5g vertical sector, companies focus on 18 subsectors, settling more than 100 5g application scenarios, building up 200 groups.
A pilot project to expand the 5g vertical sector project by up to 4,000 projects, promote the extension of the 5g application from the peripheral auxiliary to the production core ring section and land on the first 5g+ smart grid, the first unmanned mine truck, the first 5g long-range operation and the first 5g full-scale multi-phase business model to achieve “web-to-industry, needs-based” implementation.
The network is based on a new information infrastructure that provides integrated service. The network aims to achieve “arithmetic, network symbiosis, intelligent organization, one service”, step by step.
Arithmetic networks enable people to live and work. Enabling people to live, providing them with a new life experience, in a personal life setting, a network of power.
A combination of applications and arithmetic leads to the creation of a new, generic service; in a family setting, the computing power of an intelligent terminal can also be fully shared and reused; a network of arithmetic will contribute to a full range of life scenarios through a deep integration of technical elements such as artificial intelligence, object networking, 5g, margin computing, digital birth, etc.
A new numeracy infrastructure, with a data centre with a cumulative capacity of more than a million. The company industry is a leading, extensive, cloud-based network that guarantees high-speed, secure and stable network experiences for users.
3.1 Personal communication and informatics services: steady progress 3.1.1 mobile operations are far ahead of scale, 5g commercial highlands operators have a stable market share, and China ' s mobile migration network users are far ahead.
Development, China’s movement, China’s telecommunications, and China’s access to domestic markets account for 60%, 20%, and 20%. As of January 2022, China had 961 million mobile customers, with the largest share.
With the growth of 5g commercials, the number of 5g package users per major operator increased significantly in 2020, and by the end of 2020 the number of 5g users in the country stood at 320 million. Of these, China had the largest number of mobile users, with 5g package users moving up to the end of June 2021, accounting for 251 million, or 26.5% of all mobile users, and a market share of 50.63%. As of January 2022, 5g was mobile.
The number of households amounted to 401 million, with rapid growth. The annual impact of the epidemic, the surge in demand for mobile Internet applications, the high rate of growth of mobile network traffic, with the spread of large traffic applications such as online office, webcasting, online games, etc., increased by 10.35 per cent.
By 13.36gb/house/month, 23% more than the previous year, 1.44gb/house/month more than at the end of the previous year. The personal operations arpu recovered steadily. In the second half of 2019, the mobile operations “speed-down fees” were largely closed, the three operators stopped running out of order, and reasonable pricing was restored, moving arpu showed a certain recovery.
The return to 52.21 yuan/house/month was more than 10 per cent higher than at the end of the previous year. The development and spread of 5g would also be an important driver of income growth for operators, with the price of the 5g package generally higher than the 3g/4g package, and the upgrading of the user package would lead to a recovery of the arpu value. As of the end of 2020, China was moving 165 million customers, representing 17.5 per cent of mobile customers and a net increase of 13.5 million customers per month.
Clients arpu and dou (average monthly Internet traffic per household) have increased by 6.0% and 23.7%, respectively, compared to before migration. 3.1.2 China mobile has the largest personal communications market worldwide, and China mobile personal business scenes are widely used. China mobile has a large user base and extensive network facilities, and its communications services are:
The main profit points in its main business include voice operations, short-letter operations, and wireless access operations. At the end of June 2021, the combined revenues of the three operations of the services amounted to 67.63 per cent of the income of the main business, with wireless access accounting for more than 50 per cent. In addition, China moved to provide a wealth of information services, including products such as clouds, super Sim, and messages.
Figure 38. China's mobile personal business application landscape Figure 39. Personal market major product services
With 2,150 million mobile users and 946 million mobile users, the number is the highest in the world. The number of users is more than 100 million. Of these, the "Cloud Clouds" provides 116 million users with safe, intelligent, easy and fast cloud storage services, the "Governance Super Market" has over360 digital goods, and the number of development customers exceeds 100 million. The large number of users in individual markets provides a client base for firms to expand quickly to other markets.
With the restructuring of operations and the gradual reduction in the share of personal business markets, other operations have developed and, with the spread of 5g, it is expected that a total of 3.2 family communication and informatics services will be available: the new growth point for intelligent households 3.2.1 China has the largest personal communications market worldwide
Figure 42. China's mobile home business application, the intelligent family service scenario, the increase in Internet penetration and the reduction of urban-rural disparities. Internet penetration in our towns and cities has remained largely stable, with the construction of digital villages in our country.
As of June 2021, the Internet penetration rate was 78.3% in urban areas, 59.2% in rural areas, and 3.3 percentage points higher than in December 2020. The proportion of fibre optics and 4g in the country’s administrative villages was more than 98%, and the average download rate in the pilot area of universal telecommunications services was more than 70 m.
The number of fixed broadband access users has grown steadily and the gigabyte market has opened. By the end of September 2021, the total number of fixed Internet broadband access users in three operators had reached 526 million, a net increase of 42.74 million from the end of the previous year.
Internet broadband access accounts for 485 million households, representing 92.1% of the total number of users, a fixed Internet broadband connection of 1,000 mbps and above, and 2,134 million households, with a monthly growth rate of around 15% in 2021, with the market accelerating at gigabytes. Wirtschaftsprüfer applications are expected to lead to a new growth in household operations.
More and more, intelligent family market players will sink to second- and third-line cities, creating a trillion-degree market space. According to the vum machine, the number of smart households in China is expected to reach 500 million in the next five years, the size of the smart family market will reach $53.7 billion in 2025, and the capgr will reach 24% in 2020-2025.
Family markets have great potential, and operators are ahead of schedule. With the transformation of economic and social digitalization and changes in household consumption, intelligent households are favoured, especially smart security products, represented by smart door locks, smart cameras and smart sensors, in addition to products such as intelligence lighting, smart homes, smart speakers, smart speakers, smart speakers, and so on. The three operators have opened a wide market for intelligent networks.
3.2.2 China’s mobile layout of smart families, and its new growth in household operations, China’s mobile supply of fixed telecommunications services and a variety of intellectual products. China’s mobility towards the family market mainly provides home communication services and intelligence.
By the end of June 2021, companies with 205 million family broadband clients will continue to focus on family education, family health, home office, family security, home-based care, old-age care, intelligent community-focused applications, bringing home-friendly and comfortable families with high-quality information services.
The "Mormandum" is the main product of the gigabytes. By the end of June 2021, Mormon and became the largest home broadband operator and provider of the domestic market's customer base.
Large screen content service providers reached 154 million users, an increase of 58.76% compared to the end of 2018, accounting for 43% of household business users and 74.79% penetration. Focusing on "all gigabyte plus cloud life," household broadband integrationarpu continues to grow.
As the landscape of smart applications continues to grow, mobile business strategies begin to shift to a more intellectual sense, and household market income ratios have gradually increased, rising to 12.73 per cent by the end of June 2021. 5g high-quality development and value-added home services have led to a sustained increase in the value of household markets, reaching 41.1 yuan/house/month in the end of June 2021, a 16.1 per cent growth rate compared to the migration net.
4 Businesses and Emerging Markets are two-wheel drive, with a brilliant transformation. 4.1 Businesses insist on “nets + clouds +dict” integration for development. 4.1.1 Ideal transformations, new trends in business development
China’s digital economy continues to rise in size and industrial digitization. The digital economy is an important direction for the country’s economic development in the future. In recent years, our digital economy has grown in value added, and its share of the gdp has steadily increased. In 2020, our digital economy reached 39.2 trillion yuan, or 38.6% of the gdp, and the digital economy played a larger role in the overall national economic development process.
The country is focusing on industrial digital development. The state proposes to “hold on the trends of information technology change, implement a strategy of network power and speed up the build-up.
Important strategic directions, such as “China,” have led to a series of sectoral policies to promote the digitalization and development of the telecommunications sector, to accelerate the digital transformation of the country’s industry at the strategic level, and to promote industrial upgrading. Operators are enablers of the digital economy.
In spite of this, strong economic power and resource integration enable operators to have an advantage in providing webs, clouds, and dicts. Emerging technologies such as 5g, clouds, computing, artificial intelligence, and new information infrastructure, with clouds at their core, continue to integrate networks, carrying arithmetic, and inclusive data, enabling them to do a great deal of work, accelerating the digitalization of the economy and society. Operators play an increasingly important role in the digitalization of the industry.
China moved the structure of capital spending in 2021 to lower the wireless side ratio, upgrading transmission networks, operating support networks, and so on. China’s telecommunications infrastructure reduced the ratio of investment in wireless and fixed broadband networks in 2021.
The decline in front-side investment was mainly due to a contraction of 4g investment, a steady rise in 5g investment, the brightest of which was the emphasis on the digitization of the industry, with capital spending mainly directed to the clouds and idc. China’s capital spending structure for 2021 was almost identical to that of 2020, with capital spending increasing by 5g.
China’s movement includes a large number of businesses, including: dict, conglomerate, internet, and short group colour letters. The size of the government business continues to grow. As of the end of June 2021, the number of clients of companies reached 15.53 million, an increase of 37.56%.
China’s mobile idc, cloud, and ict operations are starting late, but growing faster. China’s movement has always been the leader of domestic operators, with a strong resource integration capacity and a large number of customers, and is stronger than other manufacturers.
China's mobility will be enhanced through a network upgrade that will build the world's leading 5g+aicde new generation of smart infrastructure; 100 5g application scenarios will be launched through application upgrades to create a “model house” for industrial digital applications; and 5g models will be upgraded to drive changes in industrial models and promote cross-border integration of innovation.
(Industrial Internet operations include idc, ict, cloud computing, and other applications and information services. China’s telecommunications revenues = network-specific revenues + financial technology revenues; China’s mobile ict revenues are disclosed as original; China’s connected ict income = service income + big data revenue)
The stage is an important “catcher” of the enterprise’s optimal resource allocation and a key infrastructure for its intellectual upgrading and value-making operations. In an intelligent center-building, China has moved to leverage resource endowments, bringing to the table some of the high-quality capabilities that have been deposited over the years, covering a number of domains, such as big data, ai, and block chains, and forming a unified capability view; creating a single portal that can be seen, managed, controlled, and promoted.
Digitalization of production processes, service processes, business processes; medium-level capacity application extension, with nearly 10 billion monthly capacity calls. 4.2 Emerging markets pre-positioned, new strategic directions are captured, and China moves to focus international operations, digital content, and mobile payments in emerging market operations, with income-to-share ratios.
From 2018 to January-June 2021, corporate emerging markets generated 26.733 billion yuan, 24.542 billion yuan and 22.598 billion yuan, respectively, and 4.2.1 to scale up the construction of intellectual information services abroad, enhancing the coverage of resource services worldwide.
With the impact of the spherical wave, the “one-way” strategy has advanced, and our “go-out” strategy continues to yield better results. Both the external contracting process and OFDI flows have increased considerably compared to 2015 and remain at a largely stable level. As “go-out” firms have grown, so has the demand for foreign communications.
Figure 57. Externally contracted engineering flows (in millions of dollars) China moves to provide communication services to a variety of users, including individuals, businesses, offshore operators and others.
The Hong Kong-Otao roaming service covers 264 directions, with 5g opening 43, and maintains a global lead; in close cooperation with 466 operators, 27 leading telecommunications partners have been involved in a hands-to-hand programme that covers more than 3 billion mobile users worldwide; and in Hong Kong, China, local networks are operating, leading the 5g commercial effort.
4.2.2 Innovatively create new products for digital content. The main products of digital content include video colouring bells, twig video, cloud vr/yunar, cloud games, twig music, twig reading.
The number of users of mobile payments and package payments has reached nearly 300 million. The digital content product development path is clear and is configured along meta-cosm routes. From a growth point of view, it may become the company’s core asset within a few years. 4.2.3 mobile payments business is growing rapidly.
As technology and markets mature, mobile payment coverage will become more widespread, and the size of users is expected to continue to rise. As of June 2021, the number of active monthly mobile and package payment users increased by 31.5% on a year-on-year basis.
By the end of June 2021, the number of registered users of the packages had reached 293 million, supporting 185 banks.
China’s movement is the largest provider of mobile communications services in China, with the largest number of mobile users worldwide and the largest mobile communication network worldwide. The government and business market is ranked first in terms of revenue. Disc’s income is growing rapidly, and facilities are constantly being improved and strengthened in the areas of cloud resources, data centres, physical networking, and international communications networks.
Under the Internet of the policy-plus industry, the growth of the industry’s Internet will contribute to the interconnection of everything in the 5g era, and big data connections will radiate to all walks of life, making a significant profit-making network. China’s movement is a world-class telecom operator with the world’s leading profitability and market value ranking.
Taking advantage of the trends in the industry and taking full lead in the development of 5g, China has made a remarkable contribution to the country's communications industry. The 2g era was a time of rapid change in pilot mobile communications, the 3g era was the first time of our autonomous communications technology, the 4g era was a time of dynamic mobile Internet development, and the 5g era was a time of leading 100% of the world's intellectual union. Since its inception, China has consistently promoted the breakthroughs and applications of information technology, leading to information communications in every era.
Industrial innovation has helped the country’s information and communication industry to achieve “2g follow, 3g break, 4g sync, and 5g lead.” Together with China, China, China, and others, it has made an important contribution to the development and standardization of 5g, which is an important force for the standardization of 5g, with a status that other operators cannot match.
In 2020, China moved 749 billion yuan in operating income, while China ' s telecommunications and China ' s connectivity revenues were 375.7 billion yuan and 290.5 billion yuan, respectively, leading the way. Despite the impact of the continued increase in transition inputs and rigid spending, companies maintained hundreds of millions of dollars in 2020 in net profit from non-repatriation.
The company ' s net profit from non-repatriation was less than $100 billion in 2015, after the first break in 2008 and the rest was kept above $100 billion, maintaining a good development. According to figures from Mandarin, the company ' s net return profit was 14.0%, well above the global industry average of 3.22%.
The company has a strong cash flow, a marked improvement in the quality of its earnings, and a long-term strong shareholder return. The company has always maintained a sound and prudent financial policy and a strict financial management system, striving to maintain healthy cash flow levels. At the same time, the company has continued to increase its efforts to centralize its funds, properly deploy funds, and improve the efficiency of its use.
The company’s cash flow is healthy, and its business cash inflows are increasing year by year, with a marked increase in the quality of its earnings. Sound financial management and healthy cash flows provide a solid basis for the company’s continued healthy development. The accumulated cash share of the company has been more than HK$1 trillion since it was listed, and since 2007 it has been at 43% for nine consecutive years.
The company focuses on shareholder gains, and the firm’s efforts to boost investors’ interests. With scarce red equity, there is much room for future growth, following up with the digital economy, promoting “5g+calculation+capacity” and building a new digital economy.
The company is a red-share company with indirect holdings by China Mobile Communications Group Ltd., and currently, in the “backa” wave, the company’s shares are scarce, red-stocked, and there is much room for value growth, which is likely to grow in the future. China’s move is focused on the new blue sea of the digital economy, following closely the digital economy, increasing investment in science and technology research and development, actively promoting science and technology innovation, and continuing to strengthen critical capacity building.
Our telecommunications plate is seriously underestimated by uncertainties, such as the friction and epidemic of trade between China and the United States, and the move backa is expected to restore the entire value of the message plate. Our operator’s overall valuation is still low compared to that of domestic and external operators, while the share is still lower than that of Hong Kong.
China’s performance over the past few years has been in shock because of the drag on the mix and strategy, lowering the valuation of the plate by eight times, eight times, and seven times the value of China’s mobile, Chinese telecommunications, and China’s Hong Kong-based shares, respectively, which in global terms is relatively low for our operators. China’s move back to a share has helped to raise the overall valuation level of our operators.
There are several listed companies that move back to a market that will be valued in a way that will increase the market value of the entire telecommunications system in combination. According to China’s mobile equity statement, China’s mobile operating income can be split into five segments: personal mobile markets, household markets, government markets, new business markets, and other income.
The number of mobile customers and the number of household users is stable, so, based on the growth rate of mobile users and household users over the past three years, and the growth rate of household users arpu and home users arpu are expected to grow by 3% and 5%, respectively, over the next three years.
Based on the deviations over the past three years in personal mobile market income and household market income, it is expected that personal mobile market revenues will be generated over the next three years, according to the same rate of growth over the last three years in the government market, emerging markets and other markets, giving a strong and stable market value for the next three years in the government market, emerging markets and China, and we believe that China's move is a stable net profit for mature companies, so we choose.
Take the market rate as a model for a relative valuation. Here, we'll make a reasonable assumption of the parameters involved in the valuation model and ultimately calculate the value of the company's fair shareholdings after issuance. 1) The relative valuation object is selected: China Telecom, China Connect, which has a brand of communications operations similar to that of a development operation.
A comparison of the company’s valuations is made. 2) The market gain rate is determined to be based on a market value weighted average as the market value of the selected shares varies considerably. Of the three comparable telecommunications operators, the market value of the two was net, considering that the Chinese move was split out of China’s telecommunications in 2000.
We believe that China’s telecommunications are more comparable to China’s movements. China’s movements have a comparative advantage over China’s telecommunications, such as the level of roe, roa, ebitdamargin, and asset-liability ratios.
On the one hand, market participants in the telecommunications sector have become more diversified, and competition in the industry has become more complex and varied; on the other hand, innovation in digital services is changing and deepening and there is a desire to actively explore digital innovation.
A new future, a “highlands” that captures future market value, explores digital services, and the window period is “deeper.” As the 5g deployment accelerates, it is likely that the grab of customer resources will intensify further.
Users of the communications industry are close to saturation, and the market space for user growth is shrinking. If companies fail to take reasonable and effective measures to increase customer stickyness, this may lead to lower client growth and even loss of customers.
5g is still in the construction phase, and the business model is not yet ripe. The current 5g quote is that it is still in the early stages of development, related industrial chain development, and technology research and development, and that the application landscape is likely to be enriched and business models need to be further explored.
Network speed, effective reduction of network fees, savings and upgrading of services to boost information consumption, reduce entrepreneurial costs, and promote social confidence. If it is counterproductive, it can fall into a vicious price competition.
A series of bans or possibly further orders or bans issued by the United States are negative for the company in the short and medium term, limiting the way American investors invest in the company’s shares, and is a lucrative news for the market. It could have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the company’s stock exchanges.
Statement of gains and losses (Billions of yuan)