On the first day of the day, when the sails sailed, the basics were good, multiple factors protected the escort, and the telecommunications "forwards" were difficult to re-emerge.
\triangleright argues that there is no need to be overly pessimistic, on the one hand, the company's fundamentals are good and, according to the company's performance forecast, the 21-year growth rate has been higher, and three-year stabilization a share price measures have been taken, while the company proposes to buy back no more than 10 per cent of the Hong Kong stock, and, on the other hand, the company intends to buy back no more than 10 per cent of the stock.
The traditional business base is strong, and industry digitalization is expected to open up the growth space. cend: mobile users continue \triangleright
Lead, 5g penetration drive arpu improvements, the logic of mobile operations goes from volume to price, and 700 m of gold is complementary to existing spectrum resources, allowing for good network coverage. H end: market occupancy continues to be ahead, court-initiated arpu increases, and cable broadband operations are expected to rise at full cost. b end: face industry numbers
The typographical blue sea market, where companies have multiple resource endowments such as clouds, nets, access to goods, security, and good customer base and channel resources, coupled with ample cash flows, can give a strong impetus to the implementation of digital transformation projectsn.
End: International operations, equity investments, digital content, financial technology have been successful in four major areas, with a forward-looking vision, the Zeus, and an objective technological reserve of the entire industrial chain at the edge of the cloud network.
For capex, the 5g network has a longer life cycle than the 3g and 4g \triangleright periods, which helps smooth the profit pressures of capital spending, which will be accompanied by the future.
The share of mobile wide power 5g is advanced, 2/3g equipment is phased out, and the depreciation age of 4g equipment is extended, with expected depreciation amortization rates expected to remain stable or slightly reduced. For opex, the share of iron towers in commercial receipts is stable, while the 5g base station can achieve significant power consumption through technological upgrades such as chips, software, etc.
The 5g base station experienced a sharp decline, with better than expected electricity consumption; the 700m band penetration capability, with a much higher than HF coverage capacity, would be more than three times that of the existing 5g network, significantly reducing the number of base station deployments, thereby saving on site construction costs and further saving on depreciation and maintenance costs; and the operator industry's competition towards rationality and marketing costs
Investment proposals: Traditional business such as corporate mobility, grid-fixing, with industrial digitization promising long-term growth space \triangleright and improved profitability in the face of capital expenditure and cost rigidity.
China's telecommunications operator leads the world with a combination of indicators
China’s movement, formerly China Telecom (Hong Kong) Ltd., was registered in Hong Kong in 1997 and was listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong United Exchange in the same year. In 1998-2004, the company completed the acquisition of Mobile Communications in 31 provincial autonomous municipalities.
On 20 April 2000, the China Mobile Communications Group Corporation was officially established, and five years ago it was officially authorized to operate a network-based operation and became a full-size communications operator. Table 1: China’s record of events in mobile development
1.1.2 The equity structure is stable, the management sector is experienced, the equity structure is concentrated, and the shareholding ratio of the real-held Chinese mobile group is stable. As of the date of the listing of a share, China Mobile Limited had issued 20,475 million shares, and since the company's listing in Hong Kong in 1997, the company's direct-held shareholders in China had moved bvi
The China Mobile (Hong Kong) Group holds 100% of China’s mobile bvi shares and is the company’s actual controller. The State Finance Committee and the National Social Security Fund Board of the State Council hold 90% and 10% of China’s mobile group shares, respectively.
Mr. Yang is currently the executive director and chairman of the company, and also the chairman of the China Mobile Group and the China-China Mobile Communications Board. Mr. Dong Jing is currently the executive director and chief executive officer of the company and also the director and general manager of China-China Mobile Group and China-China Communications.
With the exception of the Executive Director and the Financial Director, Lee Young-hwa, in 2020, the rest of the members were appointed in 2019. The management team has long been in the three major operators, equipment dealers or counterparts, with a rich experience in the management of the telecommunications sector.
Since its inception, companies have been focusing on the information and communication sector, with no major changes in their primary business, and with the development of ICT from 2g to 5g, the company's main products and services have also experienced digital communication — mobile interconnection — high-speed interconnection — figure 2: the evolution of the company's main products and services
At present, companies provide a full range of communication and information services to individuals, families, political firms, and emerging markets.
Basic communications services, represented by group lines, group voice, group colour letters, joint cards, 5g networks, etc., are used to move cloud, idc, and intercom, video, and tactile message-based applications, as well as dict solutions for priority sectors such as transport, industry, education, health, smart cities to meet industry customer customization needs; emerging market operations are mainly concerned with countries.
In the first three quarters, $648.6 billion was collected, an increase of 12.92 per cent over the previous quarter, resulting in a net profit of $87 billion for the mother, an increase of 6.63 per cent over the same period.
According to Bloomberg, China’s moving capital expenditure in 2020 was RMB 180.6 billion, or approximately $28.344 billion, leading not only the country’s three largest operators, but also clearly ahead of foreign operators such as at&t, verizon, etc.
Figure 5: Corporate capital expenditure ranked first in the world (millions of United States dollars) among global operators, with high capital investment, leading the world in the construction of corporate network facilities. Network coverage: by the end of June 2021, the total number of corporate base stations (5.28 million), 4g base stations (3.32 million) and 5g base stations (500,000) were the world’s first, public, and public, at the end of June 2021.
The Division ' s 4g network has 99% coverage, the 5gsa network has achieved coverage in urban areas above the country ' s cities, some districts and priority areas; on the cable side, the company ' s fibre-optic network is 21.6 million km long, covering more than 200 countries and regions. With regard to network cloudization: the Department has vigorously promoted the deployment of the network, with over 70% of the core network ' s functions, and has created the world ' s largest Nfv, 5gsa cloud network.
Network architecture: The company actively uses new technologies such as spn, sdn, srv6 and ipv6 for the rational layout of backbone nodes, needs, etc.
The Department ' s inter-provincial connectivity, optimization of cloud network structures, enrichment of cloud-in networks, building of a network of sophisticated, capable carriers with clouds at its centre and achieving business intelligence and differentiation; focusing on hot spots such as Kyoto, Long Triangle, Great Island Bay District of Hong Kong, Chengjing; continuously strengthening regional connectivity to provide an efficient information base; self-built and acquired sea-based cables to reach the global total number of pop points
In terms of data centre construction: the company plans the layout of the “4+3+x” number, according to the centre, and builds a new numeracy infrastructure leading the industry, with a cumulative capacity of the data centre exceeding millions. Figure 7: Three operators, 5g base stations (millions)
Figure 6: Three major operators, 4g base stations (in tens of thousands), have a strong network base that supports the largest users of corporate services worldwide. The company industry’s leading, extensive, cloud-based network infrastructure guarantees high-speed, secure and stable network experiences for users.
In mobile communications, the size of mobile customers is 946 million, the number one worldwide; of these, 4g have 799 million clients and 5g have 251 million customers, the size of which is the highest in the world. In home-banded businesses, companies have 205 million broadband clients, the number one in the world; among these, the number of "Morca and" clients is 154 million.
In the field of corporate markets, companies have 15.53 million clients, an increase of 37.56 per cent compared to the previous year, industry clients covering the Internet, finance, education, health, leading enterprises at all levels of government, etc.; corporate groups have already set up 23.2 million lines and service companies have more than 7.01 million clients.
The total number of China’s telecommunications base stations is 2.3 million, and the total number of China’s connected 5g base stations is 1.88 million;3 and China’s combined 5g base station is the total number of shared base stations. Market shares remain in absolute leadership in the country, with the world leading.
Commercial telecommunications revenue accounts for a stable share of corporate income. According to globalconomy data, the number of mobile users and the number of cable broadband users in 2020 were ranked first among global telecommunications operators, with a market share of about 12.2 per cent and 15.8 per cent, respectively, with the number of mobile users in 2020 accounting for 12.2 per cent of the world ' s total.
In 2020, the number of Cable Broadband subscribers accounted for a significant share of global performance, with business indicators such as revenue collection, net profits, cash flow, etc., ranking among the top global operators. From the size of the 2020 collection and performance, the United States accounted for three of the top 10 operators worldwide, two in China, two in Germany, two in Japan, and two in Mexico.
In 2020, China collected $111.29 billion, ranking 5th in the world; net profit was $15.63 billion, ranking 3rd in the world, after Japanese softbank, United States verizon; net corporate interest rate was 14.04%, ranking second in the world. Companies continued to produce high-intensity research and development, leading to international technical standard-setting.
The company, in its capacity as a “frontier” in the development of our information technology industry, has continued to increase its research and development investment, promoting the integration of 5g and Aidce technologies into innovation and closing the key technologies of “cuffing the neck.” According to the offer, the company has nearly 10,000 valid patents, accumulated 5g patents over 3,300, and has been awarded the National Science and Technology Progress Award, the National Technology Inventories Award, for leading or participating scientific research projects.
In leading the 5g standard-setting and technological evolution, companies are in the first group of global operators, with 23 new, cumulatively up to 122, standard-setting projects in international standard-setting organizations such as 3gpp/itu, with a cumulative submission of more than 7000 standard proposals, leading to standard-setting in key areas of r17; and more than 20 joint companies have published the White Paper on the 5g wireless technology evolution, which is final.
The company has a strong research and development presence of 30% of its technical staff, 2018 - the company values shareholder returns with a cumulative gain of more than HK$1 trillion since it was listed, a cash gain of more than US$65 billion per year for the last three years, and a special dividend of HK$3.2 per share on the 20th anniversary of its move to the market in 2017, resulting in an interest rate of up to 8.08% for the year, if excluded.
China Telecom issued an announcement in June 21 on the adjustment of the company’s interest rate, which is expected to be “less than 60% of the annual profits due to the company’s shareholders in 2021”, i.e., “the profits to be distributed in cash in 2021 are expected to be no less than 60% of the profits of the company’s shareholders in the year.”
The distribution rate is no less than 60 per cent: “a annual cash-distributed profits are gradually raised to the current year's public year's announcement of medium-term dividends within three years of the issuance of the shares.” According to the Hong Kong-China Association, “The Board of Directors decided to open the distribution of medium-term dividends in 2021 ($0.12 per shareholder) and plans to increase the annual rate of profit distribution in 2021”.
The market was concerned about the price of moving back to a stock, in combination with previous sales of China Telecoma shares. But we do not think that there is any need to be overly pessimistic, for several reasons: (-) company-ah stock premiums were significantly lower than their counterparts, with a cut-off as of 5 January 2022, and China moved a stock on the market.
On March 26th, the Shareholders Assembly authorized the Board of Directors to pay back Hong Kong shares acquired in Hong Kong and to buy back no more than 2,047,548,289 Hong Kong shares, equivalent to no more than 10 per cent of the number of Hong Kong shares issued on the day of the Shareholders ' Annual Meeting 2021.
The shares will be considered cancelled upon repurchase. In view of the completion of the distribution of the shares in the renminbi, the company plans to repurchase the shares after the expiry of the distribution options for the excess distribution of the shares in the renminbi on 7 February 2022. (iii) Establishment of a three-year stabilization a share price measure.
The company ' s first public release of the RMB general (a) shares and the stabilization of the company ' s share a stock price plan within three years of being listed, provides that within three years of the issuance of the public sector a share, if not due to force majeure, the company ' s share a stock will have 20 consecutive transactions on less than its last audited net assets (stable the share price is pb < 1), and the company and associated subjects (held shareholders)
The focus of the measure is as follows: The company should be notified in writing of its specific plan to increase the shares of the companya and announced by the company in accordance with the information disclosure requirements of the listed company. In the case of an enhanced plan, the former should disclose information on the size of the proposed increase, the price range, the time of completion, etc., and the time of completion.
2. Corporate buy-back: If the company ' s controlling shareholders or real owners fail to comply with the specific plan for the build-up as outlined in the announcement or make clear that there is no increase in the plan, the company ' s board of directors will announce the company ' s stablea share price programme, which includes but is not limited to the buy-back of the company ' s shares or other programmes that comply with the relevant laws and regulations.
Information such as the time of completion, and the total amount of the plan ' s buy-back is no less than 200 million yuan. 3) Related matters and executive growth: directors, executives other than independent non-executive directors and directors who do not receive remuneration from the company are triggered by the company ' s board ' s failure to implement the stablea share price scheme, as outlined in the previous announcement, or for various reasons, the failure to implement the scheme
The directors and senior managers concerned shall inform the company in writing, and make public disclosure requirements, of whether they have a specific plan to increase the shares of the company within 30 trading days after the conditions for stabilizing the shares have been met. The directors and senior managers shall take up the shares of the company within 10 trading days of triggering the obligations to increase the shares of the company.
4) Discharge, re-trigger and termination of stabilization measures: within 120 trading days of the completion of any of the three stabilizationa stock price measures described above, the firm ' s controlling shareholders or real owners, companies, associated directors and executives are automatically discharged from the stablea share price obligation.
Each share of the net assets audited in the first instalment is considered to be stable stock price conditions met again. If, after triggering stable stock price conditions, the firm ' s share stock does not receive less than each share of the firm ' s net assets audited in the last five consecutive trading days, or if there are other companies that do not meet the market conditions and that violate the relevance requirements in force at the time.
The net assets of the company have continued to grow, with the firm's audited net assets of HK$69.14 per share, compared with the company's end-of-year pb of 2021h1 at 0.67 times. We believe that the pb level of the mobile port unit in the last year contains too pessimistic expectations about the growth of the market, and that in the 5g era, the operator will grow again in the light of the continued concentration and rapid pace of digitalization of the b-economy industry.
On the one hand, the idea of protecting the interests of company shareholders, especially small and medium-sized shareholders, and, on the other hand, the value added of State-owned assets. On the basis of the offer, each share of the net asset before the company was released was
Continued growth will result in sustained price increases triggered by stock price stabilization measures in companies. 2c/h base plate is solid and b end-of-growth period cend: number of mobile users continues to lead, 5g penetration drive arpu improvement
The number of mobile users continues to run. From the time of the 2g era, China’s movement has been an absolute leader in the number of c-end mobile households among the three major operators, accounting for 60% of the annual average market, well above the combined share of China’s connectivity and China’s telecommunications market.
Net companies offer vast growth space, while China’s mobile and two other operators face the embarrassment of being reduced to low-value pipelines, with the elimination of “speak and roaming fees” and “data drifting fees”, and the introduction of policies such as “port-net” further exacerbating the industry’s growth, with operators gradually entering a competitive stock phase.
Focusing more on customer quality than on quantity, the 5g penetration rate has steadily increased, leading to a rebound in mobile arpu contact. According to China’s November 21 move data, the number of mobile users reached 956.783 million, a net increase of 323,000 households during the month, and the number of mobile users in January-November 21
With a net increase of 1,4865,000 households and an overall slowdown in the number of mobile users, we have observed that since June, 5g of the company's single month had a penetration rate of 39.13 per cent and an increase of 1.98 per cent in the ring ratio for 5g users in the company at the end of November of the year. According to the information reported by the company, arpu for the 5g clients of 21H1 company is 88.9 dollars, which is significantly higher than the combined mobile arpu value of $52.2.
More 4g users switch to the 5g package, and moving arpu is expected to increase continuously. The company’s net increase in customers (junior households) of 700mhz gold bands on 5g per month is complementary to the existing spectrum resources.
In the first half of 2022, the parties will open 5g base stations with more than 480,000 700mhz. Through the 700mhz network and the 2.6ghz network mixed group network, the two sides will have complementary advantages in terms of coverage and capacity, allowing for the rapid and low-cost deployment of a continuous high-performance 5g network to meet the 2c and the need for wide-area coverage of future vonr, live, videoconferencing, video surveillance, car networking, etc.
2b Business requirements. From the point of view of coverage, both sides can use the good low-frequency penetration and coverage properties of 700mhz to make full use of site resources such as the current network 900mhz and 2.6ghz to quickly achieve deep urban coverage and wide area coverage in suburban and rural areas. In terms of capacity angles, 700mhz and 2.6ghz bilayered networks can significantly increase the up-front margin of the 5g network to meet videoconferencing,
The demand for upper bandwidth is higher for 5 g operations such as live broadcasting, video surveillance, etc. end: wired broadband operations are up in price. h: 2.2.1 fundraising projects speed up dry osmosis networks and intelligent families are worth looking forward to.
Dry-magnitude broadband is the new infrastructure base. The dry-magnitude broadband network, with features such as hyperbandwidth, ultra-low-time delay, and advanced reliability, provides users with an extremely fast network experience, which is an important component of the emerging infrastructure and host base.
The Government’s report of 2021 proposes to speed up the construction of the dry-morning network and enrich the application landscape; the National 14th-Year Plan outlines the promotion of the upgrading of the dry-miber fibre-optic network; and the Ministry of Industry and Informationization has launched the two-dry-mixing network for three years.
The Motion Plan (2021-2023), which uses the 5g and dry shadow network “two dry sign” networks as “two wings” or “two wheels” that are not possible or missing for the creation of the powerful and the network, plays an important role in facilitating the digital transformation of the economy. The National Conference on Industry and Informationization, convened on 20 December 21, stressed the need for a secure and orderly construction of 5g and dry light networks by 2022.
According to the Ministry of Information and Technology, as of the end of November 2021, there were 535 million fixed-line broadband access users in the three largest operators of the country, of which 496 million, or 92.6%, of the total number of users, representing 2.7 percentage points higher than at the end of the previous year.
The above rate of access to fixed Internet broadband has reached 3,386 million users, a net increase of 2,746,000 compared to the previous year's end, with dry omens replacing 100. Dry oscillations are an important basis for building “all dry oscillations” of intelligent households, driving digital households to intelligent ones. Household bandwidth is an important entry point for intelligent households, as well as the weight of dry oscillation operations, such as ar/vr, 4k/8k, and intelligent family informatization services.
The company continuously improves the quality of household broadband in the household market, and works to build a “all gigabyte” service system that promotes the integration of gigabytes 5g, dry mega, dry megawifi, dry mega applications, dry osmosis services. The company’s dry oscillated broadband market leads the way, according to the offer, by the end of June 2021, the company had a gigabytes of capacity in urban areas above the country’s cities and in major counties and cities, and covered dry oscillations.
Over 86 million households, or about 60%. According to the vum data, the size of our smart family market in 2020 was $18.3 billion, the breakthroughs in household products and the improvement in the living standards of the population will accelerate the transformation of potential users, and the number of smart households in China will reach 500 million in the next five years, providing a vast growth space for the smart family market, which is expected to reach $53.7 billion in 2025.
This returna proposes to invest $11.6 billion in a three-year construction cycle aimed at reaching more than 170 million households in 2023. We believe that the project will help to further enhance the company’s dry-mixed broadband capabilities and expand its intelligence, family applications, thereby effectively supporting the company’s intelligent industry and ecological development.
2.2.2 The city’s share continues to rise, with a steady rise in fixed-line broadband market since 2014, when the firm acquired a fixed-net licence plate, and, after nearly a decade of continuous investment, has gradually grown to be the largest cable broadband operator for the entire world. Since 2018, China’s mobile cable broadband business has grown out of China’s telecoms and has been insured.
In China, the number of mobile cable broadband subscribers reached 2405.65 million in November 2021, a net increase of 2,244,000 in that month and a cumulative net increase of 30.24 million in January-November, compared with a cumulative net increase of 10.7 million cable users and 8.74 million in January-November by China Telecom and China Connect, respectively.
The rate rose monthly, reaching 47.66% in November. The three major operators, the Cable Broadband City, the family integration package, grew by arpu, and the net-fixing operation was on the rise.
Service systems to speed up the dry megaband network upgrade and improve end-to-end service quality; enhance screen integration operations; create a home information service portal for "Broadband Power + Digital House Line + Vertical Content"; improve the home scene layout and speed up the scale of applications such as smart group networks, home security, voice remote control, etc.; benefit from a gigawatt-light network to replace the pull-up with value-added applications, with 21h1 companies
At the same time, the number of broadband users in 21h1 families reached 154 million, with penetration rising to 74.8 per cent, and with the increase in the proportion of family integration packages, the company has a cable broadband arpu increased by 13.9 per cent to 36.1 yuan. The company ' s 21h1 household market received $505.2 billion, a significant increase in the same year.
33.7 per cent, and we expect that the price rise will continue in the future, and the income from netting is expected to continue at a high rate.b End: taking advantage of the new blue sea of digitalization of the industry, companies have a multi-dimensional advantage of 2.3.15g to enable the digitalization of the industry to grow.
The Internet for the 5g assistive industry has entered the fast track, facilitating the intellectual transformation of the economy and society. With its hyperbandwidth, ultra-low-time delay, large-scale connectivity, it can drive the application of landscape and industrial eco-reforms, helping with the intellectual transformation of the 100% of the industry. The 5g2b pre-commercial period, which is more applied to the production of large bandwidth servers, agv, etc., is a natural evolution of the 4g service, not output.
The digital connection capability of the 5g network can facilitate the transition of traditional physics plants to digital industries, meeting three main needs: first, harm to humans, dangerous production links or labour-intensive industries, and the urgent need to make a transition to artificial and less humanized sites such as mines, steel, building materials, ports; and second, electronic manufacturing, home-based electricity.
For those that require frequent production-line switching, a flexible deployment capability of 5g facilitates a business transition to flexible manufacturing of “diversity, small scale, weekly control”; third, the connected endpoint is in a public area, requiring real-time information gathering, plant coverage costs are too high, and 5g is capable of connecting to a large number of smart terminals, collecting big-scale information and achieving a level of urban performance.
Chemical analysis, advance warning and visualization are available for electricity and public utilities.
From top-level design to local-municipal policies, the country has developed a series of measures to promote the digitalization of the industry. In August 2020, the National Investment Commission issued a circular on accelerating the process of digitizing the number of state-owned enterprises.
Ministries such as the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the Ministry of Finance, etc. have recently published the 14th Five-Year Development Plan for Deep Industrialization, the 14th Five-Year Development Plan for the Information and Communication Sector, and the Action Plan for Industrial Innovative Development (2021-2023).
(b) Beijing launched the Platform for Action for the Development of Innovations in the Digital Economy (2020-2022), which proposes the building of a national digital economy.
By 2022, the digital economy will add up to 55% of the region’s gdp. With demand mobilization and policy promotion, we believe that the 5g application will accelerate the shift from “species” to “commodity houses.”
By 2025, China ' s digital economy is projected to grow from 39.2 trillion yuan in 2020 to 65.0 trillion yuan, with annual compound growth of 10.6 per cent, while the information and communication industry, as an important infrastructure of the digital economy, will also benefit from the core. Similarly, according to the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the size of China ' s information services market is projected to grow to 20.4 trillion yuan in 2025.
The size of China ' s digital economy, 2020-2025 The size of China ' s information services market, 2020-2025
The development of cloudnet resources is divided into three steps of synergy, integration, and integration. According to the definition of the Deputy Director-General of the CST of the Ministry of Trade and Communications, Wyeping, Cloudnet is divided into three main phases: the first phase is cloudnet coordination, characterized by the basic independence of clouds and nets, and the automation and loading of operations through a “synchronization” of the two physical dimensions.
One-stop cloud network ordering service for clients. The network is just a broadband line. The second phase is cloud network integration, characterized by cloud and network management and dispatch using a unified logical structure and different management systems for shared components, and the full realization of cloud network capabilities.
One, producing a “chemical reaction” where clients no longer see the segregation and diversity of the three sources of computing, storage, and networking, and achieve a unified operating management platform and service capacity. Network quality becomes an important influence limiting the cloud in the enterprise.
According to the report, the size of the 2020q2 public cloud market in China has reached RMB 30.41 billion, an increase of 42.6 per cent over the same year. According to RMB 100 million, the annual compound growth rate will reach 35.3 per cent. As more enterprises, industries and government agencies migrate to the cloud, the problem of the network has become more acute, with 43.1 per cent of the problems encountered by enterprises in mixed cloud applications, according to data from the Institute of Information and Communications Technology in 2019.
Network-related, 8.2% higher than in 2018, mainly because a single mode of connectivity is no longer able to meet the needs of an enterprise for “multisystems, scenes, multi-businesses” and there is an urgent need for a transition to cloudnet integration and cloudnet integration. The typical cloudnet integration scenario can be summarized as three applications, with a high-speed connection between the enterprise’s local and publicly owned cloud pools, and a gap between the same cloud service provider.
According to the White Paper on China's Mobile Cloud Net as a Product, the common needs of industry clients for cloudnet integration include: 1) one-stop processing, and the enterprise hopes to be able to purchase all information services, including cloud resources services and networks, on the same platform.
Services, as well as applications such as enterprise R & D, production, marketing, supply chain, internal and external communication, to reduce the difficulty of enterprise integration; 2) self-help start-up, fast-tracking of resources or bandwidth to meet business needs while avoiding waste of resources; 3) Broad web services, where traditional cable-based connections are no longer able to meet existing needs through 5g, web slices, soft end
End-of-end technologies have become a universal demand for mobile terminal connectivity to clouds; (4) end-to-end security; (5) end-to-end quality assurance, including sla and differential security; and (6) cloud web product-vitation services for clients, with uniform regulation, resource management, high-end visualization, interface opening, integrated platform, etc.
China's mobility has a full “cloud, web, edge, end, security” capability compared to other types of industry digital participants, in other words, companies are the core players and beneficiaries of cloudnet integration and cloudnet integration.
The company deepens the layout of the mobile cloud “n (centre) + 31 (provincial) +x” pool, which covers 16 points in 13 provinces; and plans the “4 (hot-point regional centres) +3 (cross-provincial centres) + x (provincial centres and operational nodes)” data centre, which builds Kyoto.
According to the referral, as of 2021h1, the company had 372,000 dic hangars, a net increase of 12,000, followed only by China Telecom, and served mainly head Internet companies, government agencies, financial institutions, etc.
Edge computing solves the problem of localization of cloud computing. Edge computing provides infrastructure such as computing, storage, and cloud services for peripheral applications close to the data source or user, compared to centralized cloud computing services, solves problems such as long delays, excessive aggregate traffic, and provides good support for real-time and bandwidth-intensive operations.
) Raised $8 billion for a total of $16.1 billion for cloud resources, new infrastructure projects. According to the offer, a new infrastructure project is planned to invest $16.1 billion in cloud resources.
Of this amount, $14.6 billion was invested in the purchase of equipment, with inputs from central nodes, provincial nodes, marginal nodes, and some 174,000 new servers are to be built throughout the country. 4) Mobile clouds are taking the lead, moving up to 210 items of the Yaas, Paas, Saas products, product abundance entering the first camp of the national cloud service provider, self-researching cloud products for large-scale use on the current network, exceeding 300,000 nodes, and at the same time through construction.
“The Vientiane Project”, mobile cloud introduces over 2,500 saas products for cooperation; according to idc, 2021h1 China ' s Yaas+paas market, mobile cloud market share is ranked eighth, q2 increased by 133 per cent on a year-on-year basis, top 10 manufacturers ranked first, advantaged by the GNOS network: 1) the world ' s leading 5gsa network, which, according to the call for shares, was completed by the end of June 2021
The world ' s leading technology, largest and most extensive 5gsa network has built up a cumulative 5g base station of 500,000, providing 5g services in upper urban areas, selected county cities and priority areas across the country, and based on the Central Report, the company plans to open 5g base stations by the end of the year more than 700,000. The company 's current project includes a 5g network construction project to build a "national, technologically advanced, high-quality" network.
With the goal of accelerating 5g network deployment and "point-line" stereos, using the multi-frequency synergies of 2.6ghz, 4.9ghz, 700mhz, new 5g base stations of no less than 500,000, and the construction of 5gsa core network and network cloud pool to meet 355gsa user business needs and 120 million industry users' needs to support the general public
Market and vertical sector development. 2) Group lines are high-quality cable networks that companies rely on to provide to their clients, based on network resources Transfer services that can meet customer data transfer and Internet access needs. According to the callers, by the end of June 2021, the Group had over 23.2 million lines and over 7.01 million service company clients. 3) customized 5g network, 5g network, 5g network.
It is the operator's 5g communications service, which is customized for industry clients on the basis of an authorized spectrum. In July 2020, the company took the lead in publishing the 5g network product, which provides three types of network model, namely, the virtual network, the mixed network, the physical network - corresponding to the virtual network, the web network, and the “web-driven, demand-driven” model.
Technology to provide industry clients with high-speed, high-segregated web experience; proprietary models based on enhanced coverage, peripheral computing techniques to meet business needs such as low-time delay and high-secretity of industry clients; merit models based on 2.6 ghz and 4.9 ghz combined to build highly customized and secure services for industry clients.
Services “self-development” needs to provide clients with a one-stop, visual operating experience. At the same time, the 5g network innovation baf (basic network (basic)+value added (advanced)+ personalized service combination (flexible)) multi-phase business model, with flexible customization tailored to the needs of industry clients, has been applied in a variety of settings such as factories, mines, ports, hospitals, etc., as of 2021
At the end of the month, cumulative applications were applied to over 200 group-level flagship demonstration projects and over 4,000 5g vertical industry projects, with the advantage of a network of landing items: the company constructed the "Cloud-Tube-End" whole-industry chain system covering the open platform onenet, the connecting management platform aneleink, the operating system oneos, the module onemo and the chip onechip.
Onenet is located as a Paas service, which provides an efficient, stable, secure interface between the application of the network and the real equipment, and is dedicated to providing developers with comprehensive material networking solutions.
Transfer agreements, provision of quick access programmes and equipment management services for all types of hardware terminals; application-level orientation, provision of rich api and data-distribution capabilities to meet the development needs of various industry applications, allowing networked enterprises to focus more on the development of their own applications rather than focusing their efforts on the setting of equipment access layers, thus reducing the cycle of creation of the networked systems;
Reducing the cost of enterprise R & D, operation, and transportation. The onelink connection management platform relies on the new generation of China Mobiles Networks, which carries hundreds of millions of users and hundreds of thousands of business guests, and provides global leading global full-form network connectivity management services for more than 20 industries, including car networking, sharing, and intelligent cities.
As of the end of June 2021, there were 273,000 PSC clients.
Oneos is a lightweight operating system introduced by China in the field of mobile object networking, with features such as tailoring, cross-platforming, low power consumption and high safety, supporting mainstream gpu structures such as armcorpex-m/r/a, mips, rsc-v and almost all mcu and mainstream nb-iot, 4g, wifi, bluetooth communication chips, compatible with standard interfaces such as posix, cmsis, etc.
Support advanced language development models such as javascript, micropython, which provide graphic development tools that can be effective in increasing efficiency, reducing development costs, and helping users to quickly develop secure, secure and easy-to-use applications. Onemo is a model brand under the banner of China Migratory Network Ltd., with products covering 2g/4g/nb-iot/emtc/5g, etc.
Wireless communication modules with super small dimensions, super low power consumption, easy integration, long useful life and high stability can be widely applied to smart meters, smart wears, smart cities, smart security, etc. As a group supplier that has been settling for years in the field of mobile communications, onemo team is experienced and technologically comprehensive, core research and development staff have hardware design for more than 12 years, 6 years, etc.
Based on the counterpoint data, China moved to the 21q3 module, twice as many deliveries as it did, ranking third in the world in 6.2%. Onechip is China’s online chip brand for mobile autonomous research and development, which includes a variety of networks that support 2g, 4g, nb-iot, etc.
In order to facilitate chip management, the company has launched an esim chip management platform, which includes “chips management, number management, aerial writing cards, traffic safety alerts” and other functions.
Security advantages: product capacity, technical team leadership, natural advantages as a network pipeline, and corporate identity. Companies placed great importance on network and information security, leading the development of more than 40 international standards for cybersecurity, more than 50 national standards, which effectively point to network planning, construction, full life-cycle security protection, and the development of technical platforms such as cybersecurity situational awareness.
Smart, active, coordinated technology support systems. With regard to security capabilities, companies have implemented advanced international dynamic protection concepts, with 100,000 plus warning minute smartness analysis, priority security threat detection capabilities, network manipulation, etc.
“Central Enterprise Advanced Group” title. For eight consecutive years, the company has maintained a leading industry in a web security test and won a first-class award for the only security class application in the “Clustering Cup” 5g application of the Ministry of Trade and Communications. For three consecutive years, the results of cybersecurity governance were awarded the United Nations “Excellent Project Award” in Wsis. In June 2021, the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China was promulgated and launched.
Data-processing activities should establish a sound process-wide data security management system in accordance with the law and regulations, organize and conduct training on security education, take corresponding technical and other necessary measures to guarantee data security. Except for a more secure network, companies act as network conduits for data transmissions, with little overlap between business and government clients, as opposed to Internet vendors.
There is a risk of misuse of client data; moreover, in an increasingly important environment of data security, telecommunications operators, acting as endorsements, are better placed to undertake the digital transformation of national enterprises.
The company has a better customer base for its b-side operations. China moves as a leader in telecommunications operations, offering long-term services to government and business clients, including group lines, group short colour letters, group voice, joint cards, 5g specialized networks, covering the Internet, finance, education, thousands of companies, 273,000 UCS clients, and a total of 922 projects for 5g. January-June 2021.
Group SMS costs 3,239.08 billion. Companies have deepened their industries as they continue to provide services to their head-state clients, knowhow, accumulated a wealth of business experience, captured a wide range of user needs, and laid a good foundation for subsequent business market expansion and support for the digital transformation of small and medium-sized enterprises.
Cloudnet services are leading, with a wide range of channels and territorialized marketing teams. Companies have built up a system of leading, multi-mega-integrated channels that provide a combination of online and offline channels for their clients.
Distinguishing nearly 20,000 grid units to achieve close access to community clients, building customers; on-line, companies have made great efforts to expand a wide range of Internet channels in China, such as mobile apps, public numbers, power suppliers, short videos, and more than 500 million people live on a monthly basis. In terms of sales teams, companies have formed sales teams of over 100,000 people, including customer managers, grid managers, and can be used by government companies.
The provision of one-to-one, territorialized services by households and community clients is critical for government clients who need to respond in a timely manner. 2.3.4 Cash flows are abundant, providing a strong impetus for the implementation of digital transformation projects, 5g2b projects with a long closure cycle, and corporate cash flows are sufficient to support a smooth transition to digitalization.
As of 2021h1, the company’s cash (money + bank deposits) amounted to $36.1 billion, while the company’s return amounted to $56 billion.
One step to ensure the smooth implementation of digital transformation projects. n: innovative layout, significant results. On the emerging market side, firm-deeping international business, equity investment, digital content, financial science and technology are four main areas.
At the international level, international business continued to improve internationalization capacity, deepening synergies between international and domestic markets, and maintaining a leading position in overseas development zones. According to the offer, by the end of June 2021, the company ' s international/Hong Kong-Altair cruise service covered 264 directions, 5g
Opening 43 directions, maintaining global leadership; in close cooperation with 466 operators, 27 leading partners in the telecommunications sector were brought together to launch a hands-to-hand programme covering more than 3 billion mobile users worldwide; local sub-networks were operated in Hong Kong, China, leading the way in achieving a 5g trade. In the first half of 2021, revenues from international operations amounted to RMB 6.8 billion, an increase of 19.5 per cent over the same period.
In the area of equity investment, improvements in the investment layout and strategic synergy for the “5g+” and chbn focus areas have been made to further expand the information services eco-region through the dual link between industry and capital, and to construct an eco-system for a number of intellectual industries, with 21h1 equity investment returns contributing 11.0 per cent to net profits.
In terms of digital content and financial technology, high-quality Internet products in the areas of video, games, vr, payments, etc. are actively being developed, and product capacity enhancement and experience is continuously being promoted. By the end of June 2021, the number of active users of Micah video was 14.5% per month, the number of active users of video bells was 190 million, and the number of active users was 31.5% per month.
The size of China's mobile Internet Financial Harmonization Platform portal, which combines digital renminbi hardware, has reached 100 million users per month, and the size of the package as a whole will continue to expand in the future and will gradually be applied to shopping, transportation, cultural tourism, education and health care.
China has moved the new infrastructure of “connectivity plus numeracy plus capacity” built from the center, which has been focused on 5g, arithmetic networks, intelligence, etc., forming clouds, webs, etc.
On May 13, 2021, China’s Mobile Virtual Reality Innovation Center officially unveiled its cards, primarily responsible for China’s move to virtual reality.
Technical and operational innovations in the field, the main products of which are: 1) Mobile Clouds Platform; 2) Digital Twin Clouds Platform: enabling the use of high-quality resources such as eco-partner mapping, industry simulations and late content collection for purposes related to the meta-cosmos tob and toc; 3) Meta-recording technology in the country ' s first compatible division gsxr; 4) xxr Teaching Cloud Platform.
3 Moderate growth in capital spending, cost-resilient capex: moderate growth, declining share of revenue, Ministry of Information and Communications, 16 November 2021, publication of the 14th Five-Year Plan for Development of the Information and Communication Industry, investment in infrastructure
Quantified development indicators were proposed, reaching 26 base stations per 10,000 in 2025, with a global output of 1,412 million and an estimated 3.67 million base stations in 2025. According to the Chief Engineer of the Ministry of Information and Communications, Hanxia, as of November 21, there were more than 1396,000 base stations in the country, equivalent to only about 2.27 million base stations in 21-25 years.
Station, we believe that the pressure on the operator's wireless capital expenditure is expected to decrease, and that future capital spending will focus or shift to a digital transition associated with cloud network facilities, netting, etc., and that the overall capex is expected to grow mildly. 3.1.2 Industry pattern: longer 5g cycle, smoothing capital expenditure and depreciation amortization pressure
There is a long-standing mismatch between the operator’s capital expenditure cycle and the cash-flow cycle of the operation. In most cases, a period of rapid growth in capital expenditure occurs when the operator obtains the relevant operating or licence in the early stages of the technology change, but the penetration of new technologies takes time, income growth has a steep slope, and it is difficult for the operator to match the income and expenditure cycle and sometimes has to go beyond it.
Pre-investment, with difficulty in recovering costs in a timely manner, leads to fluctuations in profits. At the same time, capital spending can cause asset size and depreciation impairments to be at the same peak, further straining profit ends.
There was a cyclical mismatch between the 4g-5g period of technological change in 2018-2019. Compared to the 3g commercial start-up countries (Republic of Korea, Japan, United States, etc.) around 2000, our network has a shorter iterative cycle, which takes only five years into the 4g era, and short-term network technology changes can lead to short-term volatility in capital spending and depreciation of assets, with a profit margin.
But the 5g network will have a longer life cycle than in the 3g and 4g periods, which will help smooth the profit pressure from capital spending and depreciation amortization. The depreciation amortization ratio is likely to be stable or slightly lower.
The accounting policy adjustment, which is expected to affect the depreciation amortization of $2.12 billion over 22 years, is expected to affect the depreciation amortization of $2.2 billion. In the first half of 2021, China moved to 22.42 per cent, a slight increase over the same period.
The depreciation amortization of the 4g wireless communication assets was adjusted from five to seven years, according to the company’s subscriptions, and the reduction in the depreciation amortization was positive. In the future, it is expected that the depreciation amortization ratio will remain stable or slightly reduced, along with the deepening of the shared share of mobile wide power 5g, the gradual retirement of 2/3g equipment, and the extension of the depreciation age of 4g equipment.
Oex: The cost of electricity is better than expected, and the cost of marketing is better than expected. 3.2.15 g base station is better than expected.
Electricity consumption affects operators’ costs or is better than expected. 5g base stations are much more energy efficient than 4g. From a single station perspective, 5g base stations consume about 2.5-3.5 times as much energy as 4g, but 5g efficiency is significantly higher than 4g.
“5g will be the most important means of communication, communications technology, 10-20 times more efficient than 4g by 2030.” At the same cost, the 5g transmission data is much more efficient than 4g, and the transfer cost of singleg traffic has been significantly reduced. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, in January-November 2021, the country's mobile Internet access traffic has accumulated to 2008gb and Dou to 14.02gb/month.
The rapid growth in network access flows, the advantage of energy efficiency in 5g equipment will raise the income of power operators, offset in part by better than expected electricity consumption at 5g base stations, and the share of iron towers in operator operating costs will remain stable. Operators disclose that utilities, power and heating costs, or consumption of operational and administrative electricity, such as connection networks, carrier networks, core networks, idc, etc., are not equivalent to base costs.
China’s Iron Tower contribution is a site charge paid by three operators to electricity companies or third parties, and we believe that this figure can more accurately reflect the electricity bills of the three major telecommunications operators. According to the annual Chinese Telecommunications Tower report, from 2017 to 2020, China’s Iron Tower contribution was 18.2 billion yuan, 21.9 billion yuan, 21.4 billion yuan, and 22.9 billion yuan, and the overall rate of growth slowed down and accounted for at the same time.
The three main operators ' operating support costs, which were 5.3 per cent, 6.3 per cent, 6.5 per cent and 6.1 per cent, remained largely stable. In the first half of 2021, China ' s iron towers paid 13.2 billion yuan, representing 6.3 per cent of the operator ' s operating support costs. The 5g base station did not bring about a significant increase in electricity costs, and the level of electricity costs of the three operators remained relatively stable compared to the 4g period.
The 5g base station can achieve a significant reduction in power consumption through technological upgrades such as chips, software. For example, it introduces software and ai algorithms for smart regulation and optimization of networks and operations, based on continuous innovation and evolution of the chip, and constantly develops high-resolution, high-performance 5g base station equipment.
40%, while reducing power consumption and weight by 30%. The PowerPilot-based smart energy conservation program, which has been working in depth with Tianjin mobile since 2020, relies on the continuous optimization and scale application of the in-depth learning of the ai, effectively balancing network performance and user perceptions, and achieving a significant increase in energy efficiency, saving the entire network over 4 million degrees of electricity per year.
The power consumption of the 5g single base station is expected to decline further as a result of the upgrade. 3.2.2,700 m gold band has a competitive advantage, 700 m “gold band” has a network advantage and a cost advantage. 700mhz frequency wave penetration capacity, coverage capacity,
To be well above the HF, its coverage would be more than three times the current 5g network, which would significantly reduce the number of base station deployments and thus save station costs; the low power consumption characteristics of the 700mhz frequency band would significantly reduce the maintenance costs of the 5g base station in terms of its bearings; and, given the low reliance on mature chips in the 700mhz base station, the build speed of the base station would be expected to accelerate further.
According to Zhang Yun Yung, the General Manager of the China Connected Products Centre, “if a 5g network were to be built at a level comparable to the current 4g coverage, the investment in wireless equipment and fibre-optic cables, transmission systems, etc., could be reduced by about RMB 190 billion, saving about RMB 20 billion per year in operating costs such as electricity and rent, which would result in savings of at least 200 billion dollars in investment”, and if the 5g equipment was depreciated over seven years.
More than $100 billion in additional operating costs can be saved by 700mhz, which can save companies huge investment and transportation costs. 3.2.3 The competition in the industry is slower, marketing costs are better regulated, the competition in the industry is shifting in focus, and the competition in the industry is more rational.
Terminals are not universal, with three major operators stimulating the growth of mobile users through huge terminal subsidies. In July 2014, the National Finance Commission requested three major operators to reduce marketing costs by 20 per cent over a three-year period, followed by a decline in marketing costs. In the 4g era, mobile power penetration followed a short advance with a two-card slot, reaching 112.2 per person in 2018, and industry has moved forward from the dividend period.
During the stock game, policies such as speeding down fees, routing, etc., have been introduced, while the National Accounting Commission has continued to use household size and market share as indicators. Operators have taken measures such as overpriced meals, the free delivery of additional products, the establishment of a large number of channels, the acquisition of people under the line, etc. The cost of sales has remained high.
Turning to Quality First and Benefits First, correspondingly, since 2019, operators have been cut off from full-scale packages, social channels, business offices, and end-of-end subsidies have been completely eliminated by 2020. We judge that, as industry competition slows down in the future, operators are expected to develop more in tandem through digital transformation and off-line channels in a broader context focused on reducing efficiency gains.
Three major operators sales cost scenarios split into operations1 and, as noted above, mobile user markets enter the stock game phase in late 4g, in combination with our number of mobile users of the company.
According to the monthly follow-up (14.86 million new users in January-November 21 and 209 million new users in 5g), we expect that the overall number of users will remain stable in the future, with the ratio of 5g users with a high in-house arpu value to be the main factor in the growth of the mobile market, and that the collection of wireless access (flow operations) will depend mainly on Dou (monthly use of traffic per household) and flow unit prices.
They observed a growth rate of around 30 per cent for the 21q1-q3 company Dou, taking into account the marked downward trend in the volume unit price since the 4g era. (We calculate that the volume unit price of the company in 19 years was approximately $5.8/gb, and the volume unit price in 20 years was approximately $4.3/gb, down to 3 for voice operations, and that the mobile Internet age was mou (monthly calls per household) owing to the impact of voice apps, such as micro-letters.
The speed of the downside is clear, but we have observed that 21H1 company mou is 264 minutes, 267 minutes in 2020, that the slide under mou has been somewhat mitigated, and that according to our calculations, the cost of the company's voice calls per minute is between 19 and 21h1, and similarly, with respect to short-letter operations, during the 18-21h1 period, we calculated the monthly use of text messages per household and each of them.
5. For cable broadband operations (net-fixing operations), we have observed a net increase of 30.24 million broadband users since this year, with 241 million broadband users in November, 29 per cent more than at the end of the 20th century, while broadband arpu continues to rise from 20h1-21h1, we, the application and information services, we believe, include the dict and smart family value-added operations and other operations, dict operations 20
The annual revenues were $43.5 billion, an increase of 66.5 per cent, the 21h1 battalion of $33.4 billion, an increase of 59.8 per cent, and the smart family value-added business.20 The main assumptions for Māori and cost rates were that, given the peak period of 21-23 years of network construction, the depreciation of capital expenditure, on the one hand, was amortized, and the three major operators are now listed in a stock, but since China ' s Connecta shares are held in Hong Kong only through China Connect (bvi)
With 53.52% of the equity, there is a lack of comparability, and China’s mobile and Chinese telecommunications is the same, so we choose China’s telecommunications as a comparable company. China’s 21-23-year level of movement is significantly lower than that of China’s telecommunications, and pb, although slightly higher than that of China’s telecommunications, should have enjoyed a certain premium on valuation, considering that the public department, as the leader of the domestic operator, is undervalued.
The company’s traditional operations, such as moving and sequestering, are growing robustly, and the industry’s digital operations are expected to open up long-term growth space, while the profits are expected to improve when capital and cost costs are more rigid. We expect the company’s net return profits to be good in 2021-2023, and the dividends are expected to increase further, with a configuration value in the long term. For the first time, the coverage is recommended.
(1) More competition in the market and downfalls. The current playing field in the operator's industry has eased and prices have returned to a reasonable level, which could lead to further downswings in the future for competing 5g users. (2) 5g penetration is less than expected. If 5g users replace 4g with slower than expected penetration rates, or delay.
(c) The industry’s digitalization has not improved as expected. b. Innovation at the end of the line is the most resilient and sustainable future for the operator, and if the industry’s digitization is not developed as expected, it will raise market concerns about its long-term growth.The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, an independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.