The company published the 2022 and the 2023 one-quarter reports, achieving business income of $129.0 billion in 2022, an increase of 60 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $14.8 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase in the same year.
In 2022, \triangleright, the power plant and the new energy industry are in a position of solid silicon and component taps, and battery capacity is expected to increase significantly in 2023.
At the end of the year, the company produced 133/50/85gw silicon tablets/cells/assemblies.
From 50gw to 110gw, to further fill the capacity gap between components, to boost technology research and development and build differentiated products. The company continues to build high-intensity research and development \triangleright
Inputs, as of 31 December 2022, the company invested $7,141 million in research and development throughout the year, accounting for 5.54 per cent of operating income. In 2022, the company updated the World Chronicle on solar cell conversion efficiency seven times, resulting in an autonomous production of 26.81 per cent of silicon helium cell conversion efficiency, creating the current global environment.
The highest record of solar cell efficiency in silicon-based cells: an autonomous Hpbc new battery technology guide for large-scale commercialization, with a volume conversion efficiency of more than 25 per cent, has released the Hi-Mo6 product series applicable to global fractal applications.
To accelerate the expansion of new operations such as hydrogen energy. The company insists on promoting business innovation and increasing the capacity of the Green Energy Resolution Programme, successfully winning the country's first ton-grade photovoltaic hydrogen demonstration project, the Green Hydrogen Demonstration Project of the Xinjiang Bank of China.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company to collect \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc. in 2023-2025, respectively
Risk factors: less than expected risk of photovoltaics, increased risk of industry competition, price waves for raw materials \triangleright cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing City City, Motion risk, industry policy risk, popular name: New Vision.
Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry, which was responsible for research in the photovoltaic industry, a former assistant in research in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Finance, University of Nakayama, 2022
Sun Sun, a team member and Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 to study the new energy vehicle industry. Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 to study the lithium electric materials industry.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.