The trend of the National Golden Vegetables and the Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services will come, and the opportunity will come: why do we look at the wave letters?
The cloud's capital expenditure is back to high-growth time window approaching. In the second half of 18 years, the Internet giant entered the server inventory digestion period, and overseas capital expenditure for famga has risen from -7% in the previous quarter to 6%, a sharp rebound; the domestic growth rate for the second quarter of Ali's operation capex was similar.
Nearly 20%, and there are signs of warmth. We believe that famga and bat capital spending are expected to return to a high growth trajectory from the third and fourth quarters of this year, respectively, and to maintain high growth growth for a long time, supported by a boom in cloud computing demand. Because first-line Internet companies like Bat are the core customers of the wave in the country.
The North American Internet giants, such as the famga, are the engine of corporate overseas operations, and therefore, with the capital spending of the giants, it is expected that a new wave of expansion will take place in the server business of the Heating Corporation.
5g is expected to lead to a high growth in server output. During the construction period, server purchases will increase as the operator ' s capital expenditure increases; during the application period, applications such as the 5g network, margin calculations, etc. will result in flash computing requests, and demand for servers will increase dramatically.
We believe that the tide is expected to rise both in volume and in share in the operator’s market. China’s short-term benefits from the dawn embargo are expected to increase its market share.
After the dawn embargo, some of our customers have changed the list, and we judge that China’s operation of the Dawn server will be affected to a certain extent, without the embargo being completely lifted in the short term, thus benefiting competitors such as wave tides, h3c and others from a greater share of the market.
Taking into account both the embargo and capital spending, we measure a neutral situation in which wave servers grew by 23.3 per cent, 40.7 per cent, in 19-20, and cloud computing and operator capital expenditures fell short of expectations: Central American trade friction affected the company's operations: Hua
The & dawn embargo incident is uncertain; lower-than-expected accounts payable have led to pressure on cash flow.
1.1.1 How does a cloud company affect the server industry? First, in the age of cloud computing, large Internet servers are sufficiently procured. Large Internet companies have a very strong demand for servers, and single companies usually buy several or even dozens of times.
For example, the data show that after 11 years of listing, the company had to process at least hundreds of tb data per day, when the market estimated the number of servers purchased for 12 years or 180,000. What is the concept of this data?
This is also possible by analysing the customer structure of the white-plate vendor. The rise of the white-plate server is entirely due to large purchases by the head cloud company.
Weakening, cloud vendors tend to bypass brand manufacturers directly to dodm/ems to reduce costs, perform in-depth customized production, improve delivery efficiency and shorten innovation cycles, thereby rapidly rising white-card vendors (such as Guangta, Latsaka, EDP, etc.). According to idc, sales and market coverage by white-plate manufacturers have been growing rapidly since 16 years.
The analysis of single white manufacturers may be more illustrative. In the case of latitude, companies provide custom production services for servers mainly for the North American cloud giants, which have grown rapidly in the last five years, with sales of about $36.6 billion in 18 years.
Two of these companies, Microsoft and Facebook, accounted for more than 90 per cent of their purchases, which is reflected in the high demand for servers on the part of head Internet manufacturers. Second, cloud giants have introduced new demands on the server industry.
Cloud giants pursue costs and efficiency by redefining the hardware base of the data centre by leading the open computing project. High server procurement costs and maintenance costs associated with the explosive growth in data volumes drive the network giants to redefine the hardware infrastructure standards of the data centre.
12 years, Facebook, Intel and Goldman Sachs launched the ocp project (open hardware project) with the aim of re-engineering the server by redefining and opening the hardware design criteria.
Open19. Whether ocp, odcc or open19, the aim is to design servers that are more responsive to cloud computing business needs on the basis of maximum cost containment. Cloud servers are significantly faster to deliver than traditional servers, and Internet vendors are having an impact on the server industry.
idc. According to product patterns, in 2018, the global volume of blades and towers from x86 servers contracted to varying degrees, while the volume of large systems and racked servers continued to grow robustly, while the number of multi-node servers increased by nearly 80 per cent, from 12.8 per cent last year.
Finally, data show that cloud giant capital spending has become an important driving force in the development of the server industry. From 11 to 16 years of global server sales, the server industry has been slowly declining for most of the time.
Or the growth phase. 1017 is the turning point for the server industry, which, from the second quarter of the year, started to climb rapidly. We compare the server industry's output, sales, and five Internet giants abroad since 1q11.
The combined capital expenditure of famga (facebook/amazon/microsoft/google/apple) and three Internet giants in the country found the volume and sales of 1q17 servers and the financing of the Internet giants
The overall high correlation of this expenditure suggests that the Internet giant has become the dominant force in the server industry. Conclusion: the cloud giant has become the dominant force in the server industry, with capital spending affecting the speed of the server industry.
Hardware has opened up, giving rise to so-called cloud servers. As cloud computing develops, small and medium-sized enterprises migrate to clouds, the number of servers purchased by cloud producers will increase further, and the dominance of the server industry will increase.
1.1.2 How does the movement in capital spending on cloud giants affect the tide? First-line Internet companies like bat are core customers of companies, and the change in capital spending has a greater impact on the company’s domestic server operations.
Business purchases account for more than half of the company’s server output. Bat’s capital spending is increasing at a rate similar to that of famga, which began to decline at 3q18 times after the peak of 2q18 in recent years, resulting in large overseas cosp capital expenditure changes such as public famga, which will determine the company’s overseas business expansion.
It is committed to replicating successful domestic models, focusing on key industries, core clients, and Europe and the United States, especially North America’s large csp, which will be the focus of the start-up business. According to gartner, the North American region was the largest global server in 2018, with a global market share of 45.3%; specifically, cloud servers, the North American region is excellent.
This is even more evident, with q2 U.S. cloud servers accounting for 73% of the global market in 18 years, so North America is the most important source of power for corporate overseas business. According to official company tweets, by the end of 18, there were six global top10 csp companies that had continued to buy.
Servers, but based on the company’s overseas business collection (with overseas receipts of $7.3 billion in 18 years, of which overseas customers buy about half), it is assumed that the company is not the main server provider for the large csp. Considering that stock server replacement requires a certain period of time, csp will not easily replace the server.
Dealers, therefore, the procurement of the csp incremental server is the key opportunity for the company to develop its overseas business. So, the capital expenditure changes for the large North American cosp, led by famga, are for the company's overseas expansion. Figure 11: q2 global cloud server distribution in 2018
Conclusion: The change in capital spending of the big cloud is decisive for corporate business development. The change in capital spending of the large domestic Internet company, represented by bat, will determine to a large extent the growth rate of the company’s domestic operations, while the change in capital spending of the big North American cloud, represented by famga, will determine the company’s overseas operations.
1.2 An analysis of the trend in capital spending by cloud giants: When did the 1.2.1 giant return to high growth? First, the decline in capital spending in the last few quarters was mainly affected by stocks.
The Internet giants, famga,bat and others, have maintained a six-to-seven-quarter high growth in capital spending, with significant investment in resources in the data, but since demand has not been symmetrically associated with the consumption of idc resources and has fallen short of expectations, inventory digestion has been in progress since the second half of 18 years (this has been the case from white manufacturers, for example).
According to our industry-chain research, a domestic Internet giant has been entering the internal server stock digesting period since the second half of 18 years, partially validating our view. Second, according to the data, the capital expenditure of the second quarter of the famga has recovered.
Cash capital expenditure amounted to $20.67 billion, up from -7% in the quarter to -6% in the same period, and rebounded significantly. Only Ali and Teng published the 2q19 quarterly report for the time being, with Ali reaching $5.9 billion in the first quarter, an increase of nearly 20% compared to the previous survey of our industrial chain.
The changes in company server requirements are largely consistent and optimistic compared with the forecast at the beginning of the year; the opening capex is only $3.76 billion, a 43 per cent drop from the previous quarter. Overall, the changes in capital expenditure in Bat and Famga are one to two quarters behind, so we judge the base capital.
This is going to hit the bottom in three or four quarters. Conclusion: As giant data centre stocks are depleted, the window of time for capital spending to return to high-growth trajectory is approaching.
For famga’s capital expenditure to return to high growth in the year, Bat’s capital expenditure is expected to return to high growth by q1 tomorrow at the latest. Of course, the data centre’s resource stock is consumed on the premise that there is sufficient robust business demand, which leads to the following problems.
1.2.2 Why do we judge that big capital spending is going back to high growth? From the upturn in North American capital spending, cloud service demand continues to be the most important factor driving the growth of capital spending.
Quarterly notes indicate that capital expenditure is mainly to meet the growth demand for cloud services, most of which is invested in server equipment, and that it is expected that additional capital expenditure will continue to support the expansion of cloud computing operations: Facebook indicates that capital expenditure in the second quarter will be dominated by data centres, servers, network infrastructure
Google indicates that capital spending in the second quarter is mainly on office facilities, data centres, and servers to support the fast-growing Google Clouds business. The Yaas market is still high, and the giant cloud business is still growing fast.
Google Clouds and Ali Clouds registered 37-64/40-66% growth compared to the previous seasons, but the absolute rate of growth remained high, with a 52% average growth in the four largest cloud operations. We believe that the publicly owned Yunias sector will be able to sustain high growth in the future, most importantly on the basis that:
1) Cloud computing penetration is still very low and there is much room for future development (see below); 2) cloud service demand is still the highest, with a 20.2% capr, and, according to idc ' s projections, cloud computing penetration is still very low in China in 19/20, and high growth trends in industry will continue. Income growth for major cloud giants is increasing at a rate of 20.2%.
There has been a decline in both quarters, and we think that this phenomenon is more of a supply-side problem (higher competition, lower prices for products, etc.) than a demand-side problem. The most important basis for this finding is that the overall penetration rate is still low in the current cloud count, but the trend in direction has not changed.
gartner’s data, estimated at less than 5% of total global IT spending in 18 years, means that there is still much room for growth in the future. In conclusion, the cloud computing industry will continue to grow at a high rate, and giants will be able to sustain the rapid expansion of cloud operations in anticipation of rapid expansion.
High inputs. The most important factor in determining capital spending for giants is the development of cloud computing, which is still growing at a high rate, and the overall upturn in the cloud industry and its potential to grow in the future, so that the slowdown in capital spending is a short-term exercise, and investment on a scale that is expected to return on scale is bound to resume.
2. Next year ' s 5g build-up will drive an increase in server output, with the advent of the 2.15g era having a geometric impact on the server industry. The forward impact is expected to increase server procurement during the 5g construction period as the operator ' s capital expenditure increases.
In 2018, the three major operators purchased a total of 20 billion yuan left, with China moving the largest amount of the purchase, China Connect and China's telecommunications servers.
The size of the 5g construction will start next year with a significant increase in the operator’s capital expenditure compared with the relatively low pattern of previous years, and, assuming that the cost of server procurement as a proportion of total expenditure will not change significantly, the servers purchased by the operator will increase significantly over the next 20 years.
Post-event impact: From the Internet to the Internet, from cloud computing to peripheral computing, the 5g application is either widespread or will result in outbreak computing requests. We believe that the Internet rose before the 2g, mobile Internet rose during the 3g and 4g eras, and material networking rose into the 5g era.
The development of the machinery industry has been a major boost: in the 5g era, the physical network, the margin calculation, will help the service industry to develop again. ihsmarkit projects that the number of global devices will reach 75.4 billion by 2025, equivalent to eight per capita.
Requests are bound to grow rapidly. According to expert interviews and industry research, the number of remote data centres will be dozens or even hundreds of times as large as the number of cloud data centres, even though the former may not be as large as one percent of the latter, but it will be important because of the huge amount of loads that drive servers.
Conclusion: 5g will have a significant and full impact on the server industry. In the pre-construction period, the operator's capital expenditure on the upgrade will be the most direct driver of the increase in the volume of server output: when the 5g application appears, the volume of computing and storage requests will follow, the margin calculation will become widely available, and the server's output is expected to be new.
2.2 What is the status of the wave in the operator's server procurement market? 18 years of wave after the operator's server collection?
There is still a significant number of foreign brand apparel appliancers in the operator market, but based on last year’s bidding, there are no more dells and other overseas brands.
The replacement of overseas servers by domestic servers on the operator’s market is under way. For example, dell is ranked third in the public domain, based on stock server data published by the Department up to 18 years, but that year’s server collection, where the tides and Chinas account for the vast majority, dell is not directly surrounded.
The wave is expected to raise the market share in the operator’s market. Research has shown that China has been part of the current operator’s list since the embargo. If the embargo is not properly resolved, its share in the operator’s server market may continue to shrink, while other server producers benefit from it.
We believe that the wave has a pre-eminence in mega-data-centre servers and a product-priced lead, and that the future wave is expected to result in a larger share of server procurement in the operator ' s super-large data centre.
While the overall share of the boom in the market is second only to that of China, the short-term exposure of China to the embargo may result in a part of the market, and the replacement of overseas brand servers by foreign producers is continuing, so the wave is expected to increase both its share in the merchant market and its absolute volume of deliveries.
3. Quantitative analysis of the impact of cloud giants and operators ' capital expenditures on the tide 3.1 Key assumptions regarding cloud giants ' capital expenditures 3.2 Key assumptions regarding operators ' capital expenditures
The share of expenditure does not change significantly. 3.3 Capital expenditure is the key assumption in measuring the impact of the wave.
We believe that the company will benefit mainly from the increase in capital spending of the top five North American countries bat capital expenditure changes will affect primarily the company's domestic business revenues, and we assume that the wave of capital expenditure changes in the three operators mainly affects the company's revenue in the operating market, without considering the Chinese.
With the effect of the dawn embargo, we assume that the overall share of the wave will remain stable. Without considering the dawn embargo, cloud giants and operators’ capital spending will be quantified in terms of the wave’s impact.
China’s share of the dawn market: according to idc, 1q19 Chinese x 86 server markets, 662,504, of which China has a market share of about 15.3 per cent and a market share of about 11.0 per cent.
The breakdown of customers has already taken place, and we judge that, if the embargo is not lifted, it may become even more obvious. For China, we believe that even if the embargo were lifted, there would be a degree of contraction in the company’s server operations, especially in industries other than its core clients (operators).
For dawn, there are no clear signs of lifting the embargo, and we judge that sealight's autonomous cpu levels still take some time. Under these assumptions, we quantify China's dawn embargo and the warming of capital spending by cloud giants and operators.
(a) The impact on the tide, such as figure 28. Cloud computing firms and operators spend less on capital than expected;
There is uncertainty about the impact of the dawn embargo on the server industry: accounts payable have increased too fast, and lower than expected may result in negative net operating cash flows.