Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre, Wave Information (000977.sz) buy-in (first rating)
In the wind, the world’s first cloud, ai and a 5g-driven data centre was launched, and short-term growth in the server industry slowed without changing the long-term high trend. The 1q19 Internet giant’s capital spending slowed down, leading to the world’s server output for the first time in many years.
After negative growth, the market is worried that the industry will return to a slow growth path. We believe that at this point in time, the cloud count is on the rise, adding the important increases of the ai and 5g, the server market (especially the domestic) is still in the middle of a new high-growth cycle, and the short-term slowdown will not change the long-term high growth trend: first, the cloud calculates the industrial dividend.
Far from disappearing, the absolute growth in mega-cloud operations has been maintained at a high level (e.g., azure, Aliun 70 per cent +), and high inputs will be restored at a sustained high output; secondly, the industrialization of the ai process is accelerating, with idc predicting a 32 per cent capr; and finally, 5g commercial, with gmi predicting a 2024 surplus in the marginal data centre market
The wave has built core barriers to deep customization, rapid delivery, and cost control, leading the competitive industry. The company has significantly improved its ability to customize in the Jdm model, and the server's new product has been developed.
Shortened to 3-7 days, productivity increased by 30%, capacity increased by four times, capacity to deliver the entire industry. In previous cases, eight-hour deployments of more than 10,000 nodes were recorded. At the same time, the scale of benefits was positive, with company-time costs falling from 20.08% in 12 years to 8.47% at the end of 18 years, far below the domestic level.
We believe that deep customization, rapid delivery, and cost control are the core capabilities of server manufacturers, leading the wave as a whole, and benefiting the industry most in the future. The multi-point wave has a second-strike basis, with servers in the first phase of the world in 2022.
The four layouts for the wave will be the key to its flagship industry: 1) The internationalization of the company is perfect and does not promise to make a breakthrough abroad through such advantages as product quality, depth customization and large-scale supply: 2) The company is one of the first producers of the regional servers, with a clear pre-emptive advantage, 18 years of the domestic market.
Over 50 per cent (idc) and over 60 per cent of the Internet industry; 3) companies pre-empted server standard-setting through Otii, which is now available and will benefit fully in the future
ai server operations are not as fast as expected: overseas markets are not expanding as expected: channel sales are not as expected: marginal calculations are not growing as expected; trade friction between Central America and the United States is increasing; accounts payable are growing too fast.
1.1 With the cloud, the world's top server, Tier 1, is a well-known national IT manufacturer, founded in 1998 and listed in 2000. The company is one of the listed subsidiaries of Wave Group, the Chinese leading cloud computing and big data service provider, with more than 100 people worldwide.
A country or region provides good services for its products. Companies cover servers, storage, and terminals, and a small number of components come from the end and bulk. National servers lead, global servers lead. Companies own the best server product system in the country.
With the ability to design and produce low-, medium- and high-end servers on a large scale, the server is in the lead, both inside and outside the country. According to idc, in the first quarter of 2019, the wave was ranked first in China at 27.3% of the city ' s x86 servers, and third in the world at 7.90% of the city ' s servers; since 2017, it has been ranked third in the world.
Since q3, the tide has grown at a much faster rate than the industry average, both in terms of volume and sales, and since 12 years into a high-speed development trajectory, with a net gain of more than 20 times the revenue of seven years. For the benefit of the Internet, a subsidiary, vit, is prepared for $274 million in bad debts)
The impact of 1.2 on scale shows that profitability is expected to improve and, over a long period of time, the cost rate of the company has declined significantly. In recent years, companies have gradually shown some size; input output ratios have increased; and management costs (including R & D) have declined from 11.46 per cent to 4.95 per cent.
Overall, the cost-sharing effect of the expansion of beneficiary operations; the overall slight increase in financial cost rates, linked to the financial intensity of server operations. The increase in cost over the 18-year period was mainly due to an increase in management costs, while the increase in management costs was due to a significant reduction in the ratio of capitalization of R & D inputs by companies.
For example (23.2% in 17 years and only 2.1% in 18 years), this led to a significant increase in R & D costs in the same year, while at the end of the year there was a downward trend in the rates of pay for companies, the average salary per person for the end of 18 years was $320,000.
The company’s remuneration situation helps to retain and attract talent and provides some security for long-term development.In terms of operational capacity, there have also been positive changes in the company’s inventory and accounts receivable indicators in recent years, which are estimated to be related to changes in the public sector’s business model and industry status.
Three years in a row from 16 years, showing good inventory and supply chain management and improved operational efficiency in the course of business expansion. We believe that improvements in corporate inventories are associated with more client-friendly and intelligent design, automation, digital design, production models (such as the Jdm model and smart factories) introduced in recent years.
In terms of profitability, the company’s 18-year Māori rate is stable, with net interest rates excluding the costing of R&D expenditures.
In 11 years, the decline began with the intensive development of Internet clients over the past 12 years, mainly because Internet users were relatively more focused on cost control and bargaining power, and the rise of white server vendors was forced by the low-priced competitive path of brand server manufacturers, especially low- and middle-end server producers.
But when a leading company, like a wave, reaches a certain level of business size, it can increase interest rates by scaling up some of the compressed profit space pressure through a negotiated procurement process. And as the scale scale increases, the marginal costs fall, and the net interest rates rise.
1.3 Core competitiveness analysis: in-depth customization, rapid delivery, cost control Beneficiary jdm innovative business model, leading in-depth customization capability.
The jdm model is characterized not by simply selling the product to the customer, but by working with the client, involving the client throughout the design, R & D and delivery process, achieving coordinated design, agile R & D, and rapid delivery. The advantage of jdm is that the downstream client is directly involved in the product from the programme to the down.
The entire process, which allows the best possible realization and satisfaction of one’s own ideas and needs, thus increasing the efficiency of the entire industry chain. According to the company’s network of officials, the current wave server’s research and development cycle has been reduced from 1.5 years to 9 new items.
Each month, the client offers the fastest three months to deliver the prototype. Through the Jdm model, the company can be more deeply involved in the user’s business, thus better grasping the user’s needs, for example, by establishing a rolling forecasting mechanism for the company’s combined 100-degree supply response chain in 2018, achieving balanced supply and demand operating management, and significantly shortening the overall arrival cycle.
For example, in January of this year, based on information from the Web, the company delivered the entire machine to the 100-degree company, which has been building a leading industrial smart server plant for 17 years, with the main aim of achieving efficient customized production and solving the problem of large-scale customized production of high-end information-based equipment.
In this production environment, the overall delivery cycle of the entire container cloud server has been reduced from 15 days to 15 days.
Within 3-7 days, production efficiency increased by 30 per cent, capacity increased fourfold, and client tco decreased by 31 per cent. This fully automated production process ensured that more cloud computing and big data customization products were met with less time. Since the annual revenue release, corporate per capita income generation and per capita Māori increased rapidly, with per capita income generation from 152.26 million yuan.
The company benefits from economies of scale. Compared with the country’s typical competitors (Middle Science Dawn, Shinji shares, and Five Boat Science and Technology), it can be observed that since 16, the company’s per capita income generation and per capita Māori started to run away from each other, with lower cost rates during the period, meaning a strategy of greater product pricing space and low Māori grab of market space.
It is easier to succeed. Compared to wave information, China Science and Light, Shinji shares, and four server companies in canoe technology, it can be found that the company ' s time rate has been below the average of four companies since 13 and has been the lowest since 16. The lower time rate has made the company more competitive in the pricing of its products.
And it is more comfortable to face large Internet customers with more stringent cost controls. In a market-intensive industry like a server, it is easier to capture the market at low cost through a low-morigin rate strategy, which explains in part why companies have been able to increase their rates rapidly in recent years.
Figure 18: Comparison of time-time cost rates between companies and some domestic competitors 2. Clouds, ai and 5g-driven data centre construction, with server industry maintaining a high profile 2.1 data centre construction being the most direct driver of rapid growth in the server industry
Global data centre ip traffic continues to grow rapidly, with cloud data centre traffic increasing faster than conventional data, and Asia-Pacific cloud data centre traffic increasing faster than the global average. According to Cisco's latest Global Cloud Index report, global data centre traffic is projected to increase by 2021
According to data centres, including data centres and users, data centres and all traffic within data centres, the growth rate of central traffic is much faster than that of traditional data centres, with cagr reaching 26.6 per cent, and central traffic will account for more than 95 per cent of all data centre traffic by 2021. On a global scale, Asia and the Pacific, Middle East, etc.
The region is growing slightly faster than other regions, such as North America and Western Europe, where the Asia-Pacific region has reached 29 per cent cagr, Western Europe 26 per cent cagr and North America 24 per cent. With rapid growth in traffic, the construction of domestic data centres will continue, and the idc market will maintain rapid growth.
Data centre construction is 5 to 10 years behind the developed countries of Europe and the United States, and the current global data centre market has slipped to about 10%, while our country expects to continue to grow at a high rate in the future. According to the Information and Communications Technology Institute, global revenue for 2017 was $46.55 billion from the central industry; total revenue for the Chinese data centre industry was $65.04 billion, forecast
By 2020, it had risen to $14.42 billion. In 2017, the number of the country’s hangars had reached 1.66 million, an increase of 33.8 per cent in the same year, and the number of large data centres and more, 828,000 in the same year, an increase of 68.0 per cent. Thus, the domestic data centre market is undergoing a dynamic period of rapid growth.
Servers are the largest part of data centre costs. Data centre equipment acquisition costs represent 69%, 11%, 6%, 9%, and 5% of servers, network equipment, storage equipment, security equipment and optical modules/optics, respectively.
From the point of view of the distribution of mega-data centres, China’s idc market still has several times the scope for upgrading, meaning that there is still a large demand for servers in China over a long period of time. The data centre has a clear scale effect, i.e., the unit operating cost in the data is inversely proportional to its size. That is why the data centre’s main demand side is large.
Internet manufacturers tend to build and use over 10,000 mega-data centres. According to Cisco's latest Global Cloud Index report, the number of mega-data centres worldwide was 386 in 2017, accounting for approximately 32 per cent of the total global data centre servers in terms of the number of servers in service, and by 2021, the global mega-standard.
The number of modular data centres will reach 628 and the number of servers will increase to 53%. According to the latest synergy research, the number of megadata centres in 2018 reached 430, of which the United States accounted for about 40%, while China accounted for only about 8%.
(2017) The number of super-large data centres in the standard racks being built in the country as of the end of 2016 is nearly 40 per cent, which in part indicates that the super-large data centres are also the mainstream of the construction of future data centres in the country.
Figure 26: Standard rack distribution in China (by size of data centre) 2.2 Three of the most important drivers of data centre construction in the next 3-5 years: cloud computing, ai and 5.2.1 cloud giants are emerging as a dominant force, and short-term capital spending slows down and does not change the high trend in the server industry
Globally, cloud computing reverses the decline in the server industry, and Internet mega-capital spending has become an important driver of industry development. From 11 to 16 years of global server sales, except for a few time periods, there has been high growth (e.g., more than 17% growth in 1015 degrees, driven mainly by demand from large North American hosts)
In addition, the server industry is in a slow recession or growth phase for most of the time. 1q17 is the turning point for the server industry’s output and sales, and since the second quarter, the number of servers’ output and sales have risen rapidly.
The combined capital expenditure of the famga (facebook/amazon/microsoft/google/apple) and the three major Internet players in the country found that: 1) the volume and sales of the 1q17 servers were highly correlated with the overall capital expenditure of the big Internet users, suggesting that the Internet giants were becoming the masters of the server industry.
Power: 2) Server sales are increasing at a much faster rate than delivery, presumably in the context of emerging operations such as cloud computing, big data, ai, etc., where business users pursue higher application deployment density, load density, which leads to higher average sales prices for high distribution servers.
In the age of cloud computing, the Internet giants dominated the open computing project to redefine data centres. The rise in cloud computing has greatly contributed to the development of data centre technology, and the high cost of server procurement and transportation costs associated with the explosive growth in data volumes have prompted the Internet giants to redefine data centre hardware infrastructure standards.
Facebook, the first time ever to change a server in the world, shows that the company had to process at least hundreds of tb data every day after 11 years of listing, and the market predicted 12 years of facebook's purchase of 180,000 servers, but the traditional server industry, which was dominated by brand servers, did not meet the cost of Internet vendors.
Deployment speed and requirements for hardware development and upgrade cycles. In the above context, Facebook, Inc. Intel and Goldman Sachs launched the ocp project (opencompute project), which aims to reduce the number by redefining and publicizing hardware design standards to reconfigure servers
Based on the cost of the centre, the efficiency of its operation and the reduction of its upgrading cycle. Under the influence of ocp, the scorpion project was led by the same year ' s Bat Joint Wave; in 14 years, the scorpion project was upgraded to an odcc, with the aim of developing design standards that are more responsive to China ' s large data centres; and in 16 years, Linkedin led the establishment of another opening.
Calculating OPEN19. Either ocp, odcc or open19 is essentially designed on the basis of maximum cost control to design servers that are more responsive to cloud computing business needs, while improving server delivery efficiency and shortening hardware innovation cycles.
Modularization, resourceization is the most important difference between an open computing server and a traditional server. Open computing service is also known as a multi-node server, an entire cabinet server, or a cloud server, and the most important feature of a traditional server is highly modularization and resources of components (computing, storing, network, powering, radiating, etc.)
According to the application practice published in March 18 of China's move, cloud servers have the advantages of energy saving, high density, rapid deployment, simplified engineering design, etc.
The average capacity of single servers was reduced by 15 per cent, room occupancy was reduced by 11 per cent, delivery time was reduced by 50 per cent, and the number of cross-aircase network cabling was reduced by 25 per cent.
According to idc, global volume of x86 servers in 2018 was 11.751 million, with varying degrees of contraction in the volume of blades and towers in product form, while the volume of large systems, racks and multiple node servers continued to grow, with multiple node servers accounting for more than last year.
12.8 per cent to 20.0 per cent. The rapid growth of multi-node servers has largely benefited from the increased demand from Internet producers, and there has been a short-term slowdown in capital spending by major Internet producers as large telecommunications operators and government clients begin to adopt and deploy multi-node servers, with a similar increase in the delivery and sales of servers.
In the long run, however, cloud computing is on the rise, adding up the ai, 5g, and so on, and we judge that the apparel industry will continue to return to the fast track after a short period of steady growth. In the first quarter of 19 years, many Internet producers have slowed capital spending. In this context, the arrival and sales of the server industry have also increased.
For the first time since the year, negative growth: sales grew positive as a result of higher server prices, but only 13.5 per cent more than the same year, falling twice a quarter in a row in terms of volume and sales (see figure 5 and figure 5 and we believe that 19 years have passed since the Internet giant ' s capital expenditure grew by 17-18 years)
Consistent with business logic, the return to a high growth trajectory in the future depends on high returns from prior investment. In terms of cloud business development for the giants, while more than a dozen companies have slowed their growth rate, there has not been as much volatility as capital spending has, and the acceleration is at a higher level, saying,
In conclusion, we conclude that this year the server industry as a whole will be affected by the slowdown in capital spending by Internet producers, but taking into account the development of the cloud computing industry and other factors such as landfall, 5g commerce, etc.
Capital spending by giants is expected to return to high growth track in 20 years. Chart 32: Internet giant cloud computing operations are growing at a slower pace but are still at 33: 2017a-2021e Global and Chinese public cloud computing market size
2.2.2ai application accelerates landing, i server needs are high in the ai era, and the computing structure will be based on isomeric forms. Arithmetic is one of the three main elements of ai development. The traditional core unit for providing arithmetic in a server is cpu, but cpu is a universal computing category, using a string.
Structures, which are good at logical processing rather than intensive computing, the increase in arithmetic is mainly achieved by stacking cores. Under Moore's law, cpu's physical processes, core numbers, are nearing the limit, and the reactor cores are therefore bottled up. Therefore, when cpu provides computing alone in the ai era, it does not satisfy data processing needs and introduces other excellence.
, for example, unlike cpu, gpu uses a parallel calculation model, with a single card core of thousands, a higher card to compute peaks and computational efficiency, good at handling intensive calculations, and large-scale application in sub-line model training for deep learning.
The units use different types of command sets and different architectures, so the computing system is transformed from homogeneity to isomerism as a hybrid system. Currently, the most common isomer computing platforms are the "cpu+gpu" and "cpu+fpga" structures, which used to be the dominant ones.
According to idc, in 2018, the Chinese line reasoning accelerated the growth of the card at a high rate, while at the same time it accelerated the penetration of the ai in industries other than the Internet, signalling an acceleration in the process of industrialization of the ai. In-depth learning consisted of subline model training and on-line reasoning, both of which were calculated.
I/o is much more demanding and requires lower delays. Traditional gpu can only meet the requirements of high-computing tasks, and it is weaker than other chips like fpga to reduce delays.
t4 sales amounted to $360 million, an increase of nearly 650 per cent over the same period, with the share rising from 8.5 per cent to 27.6 per cent; 71.6 per cent fell to 63.2 per cent in the year, while traditional end-users started adopting artificial intelligence solutions and deploying gpu servers, with government industries doubling their share, with a smaller base of traffic and access in the previous period.
In 2017, the wave created the Department of Artificial Intelligent and High Performance Products, followed by a model-oriented, online-based, arithmetic schemes.
The scene-based abc-one machine and the A.I. superserver agx series, among others, also launched the first one for artificial intelligence loads in the same year as the dellemc, Cisco, China Sunlight: 2018, the first A.I.S. service to publish the askymind application in China.
This is exactly the point of time for arithmetic investment. Whether it's off-line training or on-line reasoning, the ii investment begins with a calculation platform. From an industrial point of view and the growth of the gpu server over the last three years, it's arithmetic.
According to idc, the sales of gpu servers in 2018 amounted to about $1.3 billion, an increase of 131 per cent over the same period: in 2022, China's market for arithmetic-centred artificial intelligence infrastructure would exceed $5 billion, or over 30 per cent of 18-22cagr.
2.2.35 g Commercially, marginal calculation creates the need for a peripheral server as an operating structure that addresses the two bottlenecks of a centralized operating shelf in the context of interconnectivity, bandwidth and delay, and idc anticipates that more than 50% of the data will need to be online by 2020.
Marginal analysis and treatment. Cloud computing is representative of a centralized operating structure, and the traditional cloud computing model is a three-tier cloud-net-end architecture. In this model, the cloud pools almost all the computing resources and storage resources, while the net, as the middle layer that only transmits data, actually becomes a constraint network in many ways.
The bottleneck in the scene is that network bandwidth is growing at a much slower rate than network equipment and user data in the trend of connectivity. Ihs predicts that the number of global access devices will reach 30.7 billion by 2020, equivalent to four per capita connectivity devices; by 2025, the number of global access devices will be higher.
To reach 75.4 billion. According to idc, the global total of networked data is projected to increase from 33 zb (zettabytes) in 2018 to 175 zb in 2025, with an average annual composite growth rate of 61%.
For the central cloud, the peripheral network and the terminal equipment level, where the central cloud consists of a centralized data centre and a core network, providing the most intensive of the IT resources, while at the same time being the overall focal point for the entire computing network; the peripheral network means all the IT resources, including computing and storage resources, on the central cloud to the terminal device path.
And network resources: the terminal is not running in isolation, but may be deployed as part of the margin calculation to provide the corresponding int resource. As can be seen, the core logic of the margin computing structure is the sinking of central resources compared to cloud computing.
The server technology programme will change significantly in telecommunications applications in the context of 5g and margin calculations, and the Otii project will be launched. In November 2017, the odcc launch of the otii (openelecomit infrastructure) project, with the primary objective of creating deep customization and opening up for telecommunications applications in the operator industry.
The standard, standardized server technology programme and prototype products are scheduled to be formally designed in 2019 and commercially available in 2020. Under the otii specifications, the margin computing server is very different from the traditional server. The otii edge server has a smaller depth, wider temperature adaptability, and pre-maintenance.
For example, the Otii server, which is 19 inches wide, is less than half the depth of the normal airlock, in exchange for the usual communications industry.
Equipment, such as machines, has the same specifications, so that the server of this specification will be easily deployed on the equipment rack near the base station, allowing for better compatibility. In the larger context of the upcoming 5g commercial event, the edge computing industry is fast-changing and meets the Otii criteria.
On the tip of the chip, the traditional chip tap accelerates the roll-out of the edge chip. For example, Intel has launched fpga programming acceleration card n. 3000, which is used to speed up virtual networks such as the 5g wireless access network and the 5g core network.
At the end of the network, the telecommunications operator is actively configured and is expected to deploy on a marginal scale in the course of the year. China's mobile public is setting up a margin calculation “pioneer 300” scheme, which plans to assess 100 test nodes for deploying margin computing devices during the year, open up 100 margin computing capabilities api and introduce 100 margin computing partners.
China Associated released the marginal business platform Cube-edge 2.0 and the China Connect Cube-edge 2.0 and Industry Practice White Paper, which revealed that in 2019 it would “disburse billions of dollars, build thousands of marginal nodes, recruit hundreds of ecological partners, and dozens of industries”
At the end of the application, the giant explores the edges of the sensitive landscape.
At the server level, at mwc2019, the first peripherals, based on the Otii criteria, were introduced by wave and China, respectively, and were posted on China's mobile Intel, etc.
At present, the Otii server has already carried out practical tests in Chinese mobile, Chinese telecommunications, cdn, vbras, and other business systems. The margin calculation is expected to focus on small-scale deployment and piloting of the Otii server in conjunction with actual operations.
In 2020, there will be a larger server deployment. According to Globalarketinsights, the market for data centres on the margin of the globe will grow from the current $4 billion to more than $13 billion in 2024, and in this context we believe that the server manufacturers who have been deployed earlier will benefit fully from industry development.
2.3 The rise of white brands and white brands in the era of open-calculation is blurring in the context of the growing ownership of the server industry by cloud computing firms, the trend towards open-calculation and the rapid increase in the volume of goods delivered by cloud servers.
As mentioned earlier, the Internet giants are the main buyers of servers, and their capital spending significantly influences the growth trend in the server industry as a whole. Meanwhile, the demand for servers has changed in the cloud computing era, and the traditional standard server product is designed by brand server manufacturers, produced by surrogates and then transferred back to brander tag sales.
The chain does not meet the requirements of cloud computing firms for cost and efficiency (delivery, deployment and updating, etc.), so the three major open organizations led by the Internet giants, ocp, odcc, and open19, have been set up successively to reconfigure servers to better match their business needs by customizing and publicizing server standards.
At the same time, technological developments in key technologies such as virtualization and open-source software have allowed the Internet giants to easily break through the area of server management software, which was originally considered one of the core strengths of brand server manufacturers, further reducing the barriers to competition in the server industry.
In the above context, the role of brand server manufacturers has been significantly weakened, with cloud producers tending to bypass brand manufacturers directly to connect odm/ems manufacturers in order to reduce costs, undertake in-depth customizing production, improve delivery efficiency, and shorten the innovation cycle, which has led to the rapid rise of white vendors (e.g., Hiroshima, Altitude, British das, etc.).
idc, the sales and market share of white vendors have risen rapidly since 16 years, reaching $21.1 billion in late 18 years, or 24% of the entire industry. At this stage, the line between brand and white manufacturers is blurring.
The core barrier for white manufacturers is the ability to build and build on the scale accumulated by workers over the years, and in the open-calculation era, due to the effectiveness of the Internet industry, which is the right owner of the industry chain, in the open-calculation era.
Like other substitute industries, when experience is gained to a certain extent, white manufacturers are interested in creating their own brands, so they can see a variety of branded-in servers like Hiroshima and Latitude. On the other hand, branders are starting to converge towards white-card models, which are now the main ones.
This is evident from the fact that brand manufacturers have joined the Open Calculator and launched the Open Calculator. The core of the service provider’s competition is to meet customers’ needs with maximum cost control.
We believe that the future server industry does not have a single brand or white brand vendor, and that it will be a mainstream development for large customers, and for small and medium-sized customers. Pure branding lines do not meet the needs of large customers.
For the future, as large technology companies grow in strength and bargaining power will only grow, they will increasingly prefer to buy white-plate servers; small and medium-sized enterprises will purchase cloud services, which will also accelerate this trend, but the need to build their own data centres will also persist.
In short, the king of the industry must be a combination of brands and white cards. 3. Multi-point layouts, two-time headlines, 3.1 internationalization, taking over overseas markets, goal number one in 2022.
Open computing offers a unique opportunity for server manufacturers to expand their operations globally. In the age of brand server owners, the tide has become a second-tier server vendor, with neither product quality, brand, nor access to the global server market, and it is difficult to get higher than the big ones, such as hpe and dell.
As described, open counting has led to significant changes in industry patterns, the inclusion of cloud computing firms has led to a gradual shift in industry ownership, changes in industry supply chain patterns, production patterns, and a shift in the core competencies of server providers from standard server design capabilities and after-sales services to in-depth customized design capabilities.
And scale production, supply capacity. In this broader context, manufacturers that are keen to detect changes in client demand and adjust strategic directions in a timely manner can break through the old pattern, and the tide has seized the opportunity to achieve a rapid expansion of the business, thereby consolidating domestic server leadership.
According to gartner, North America was the region with the largest global service delivery in 2018, with a global market share of 45.3% and a large Chinese server delivery of only 28.0%. With cloud servers, North America’s advantage is even more pronounced. q2, US cloud service, 2018.
By calculating the capital spending of giants from the cloud point of view, the huge difference in the volume of goods from the central cloud servers can be explained. For example, eliminating large acquisitions, the combined capital expenditure of the five companies in the United States is about the combined capital expenditure of the three companies in China.
Replication of “key industries, core customers” strategies, wave of overseas business growth. In recent years, companies have tried to replicate the domestic focus on core clients in key sectors, such as the Internet, politics, and successful design production models to international markets, and have already achieved initial results, typically in the case of companies working with Apple to help the latter.
Since 17 years, the company's overseas operations have increased by the same amount, with 17-18 overseas receipts joining three open organizations to complete the initial layout of its internationalization strategy. As one of the most beneficial service providers in the cloud computing era, the company understands the trend opportunities offered by open computing and joins odcc, odcc, odcc, etc.
Ocp and Open19. become server providers in three open-calculation organizations, and many research and development results have been adopted as international standards. For example, many of the technologies such as management structures, power sources, etc., of the company’s first generation cloud server, sr.1.0, designed and produced in the country, have been written into the odcc standards.
In April 2018, the company announced its development goals for the next five years, which are planned to be built by 2022.
At present, corporate products are fully integrated into developed-country markets, such as US-European and Korean Days, and reach more than 100 countries and regions. According to official corporate communications, by the end of 18, global top10 cloud service providers (csp) are now in the range of 100 countries.
In terms of the overseas layout, the company said at the 15-year global super-counting conference (sc15) that the United States would be the most important overseas market. In the United States, the company guaranteed efficient delivery to local markets through the establishment of local R & D centres and server production bases, as well as channels and services.
We believe that expanding the market in Europe and the United States (especially in the United States) will be the key to the strategic configuration of corporate internationalization in the coming period, where the quality of the company's products, its deep customization, its design capacity and its localized capacity to deliver at zero distances and on a large scale will help it to enter the csp supply system.
3.2 In the area of the beach-a-server robbery, the pre-emptive advantage is to establish that the wave has a clear pre-emptive advantage in the area of i-services, with the largest share of domestic cities. Companies are the country’s oldest.
According to the 21st century economic report, the company has been helping users with a need to do the gpu/mic migration optimization of the ai application from around 14 years ago. In April 17, the company formally established the Department of Artificial Intelligence and High Performance Server Products, which was launched in September in a joint 100-degree campaign for industry.
According to idc, the market for all year-round wave-ai servers in 2018 was over 50%, ranked first in two consecutive years with the absolute advantage of half the market share, and over 60% in the Internet sector.
According to the company network, the company ' s share of the major Internet enterprise i-server in Tier 1 exceeds 90 per cent and is the main supplier of bat. Figure 47: Market share of Chineseai servers in 2018 (by sales)
Figure 48: Share of the market in China ' s i-server Internet industry in 2018 (by company ' s rich and well-structured product line, with end-to-end service capability). Waves are the most fully integrated producers of the current i-server product line, including computing platforms, management packages, framework optimization, end-to-end solutions
Four tiers of architecture: at the computing platform level, companies cover different artificial intelligence schemes from single-machine 4 to 64-card clusters; at the computing platform, they meet the training needs of mega-scale models ranging from small-scale sample training to hundreds of millions of samples and trillion-dollar parameter levels; at the management package level, they have developed platform software such as anaization; at the framework level, they have
Self-researched Caffe-mpi In-depth Learning Calculating Framework, a parallel version of Caffe In-depth Learning Framework for the first global cluster; solution level, a strategic cooperation agreement with 100-degree, web-friendly, integrating the ai platform with the ai application to bring the end-to-end one solution model to finance, telecommunications, government, etc.
The company’s experience of in-depth customized production for key industries and core clients in the cloud era will facilitate expansion in the area of ai servers. According to the company’s leadership at the Partners Conference at Wave 2018, the company’s important energy point for innovation in the future and the ai Eco-T.
One of the keys is to customize the co-innovation development software and hardware for large clients and key scenes, to provide end-to-end-ai systems programs and tool smart industry applications. Under Plan t, the company hopes to work with partners to deliver the co-development and co-production model jointly to industry and business users.
In our view, because of the obvious landscape features of the landing of artificial intelligence, there will also be a marked difference in the server for artificial intelligence in different scenarios, so that the custom features of the server will become more obvious. The company’s accumulation in the cloud computing era will target key industries, core clients.
Household custom design production experience provides a solid basis for the depth of customization of future ai servers. With the rapid release of ai server operations, it is expected that the corporate product structure will be further optimized, with an overall Māori ratio likely to increase.
660 million dollars. Based on this, i server receipts account for about 10% of the company ' s total revenue. According to corporate disclosures, the overall rate of Maori on the i server is now high, with 20-25% in some industries. We believe that i server industry has just started and can be maintained at a higher rate than the average server in the short term.
The overall Māori rate is likely to increase in the future as the company ' s business on the ‘i’ server industry expands at a faster rate than that of the general server industry. 3.3 On the edges of the layout, 5g commercial is expected to rise in the future.
Companies are ahead of the edge computing server layout. As early as June 2017, the company, together with three major operators, published the Otii Customised Server Reference Design and Action Plan Server Open Project, which pre-empts standard-setting.
On mwc2019, the company released the first remote calculation server, which is based on the otii standard, ne5260m5. The server is suitable for the deployment of the marginal data centre and can accommodate various types of network edge applications, such as nfvi, video, ai, cdn. ne5260m5 can be deployed directly with telecommunications equipment on the racks of the communications hub, and
Adaptive design of the peripheral data centre deployment environment has been extensive, such as the harsh physical environment that can withstand the edge data, with 40 degrees of ambient temperature and 85% relative humidity for long periods of time, without the need for a hanger to hang directly on walls and fit for a less environmentally friendly peripheral data centre.
Ne5260m5 is also designed for different business applications. For example, ne5260m5 not only supports two next-generation Intel's latest scalable processors, but also supports two gpu acceleration cards that provide a strong neurological network training and reasoning capability for remote data centres.
3.4 Improve the management of channels, small and medium-sized clients, based on company disclosure on ipf2018, the management of the channels of the company has been taking place since 2018.
A number of changes are reflected in: (a) the release of more than half of Na clients to partners; and (b) the opening of whole-line products to channel partners:
3) Pre-sale technology systems are open to channel partners; 4) all channel partners are listed directly through the business system; under the new channel management model (internally referred to as “product-wide readiness”), past distribution channels and industry channels
In addition, the company removed the pre-sale resource “inter-routine” model of the relevant industry sales manager, upgraded the customer experience, and reformed the company’s two parallel distribution systems.
This includes both pre-sale technology engineers at the Wave End plant and the certification of technology engineers by channel partners. At the same time, all channel partners can place a direct order on the Wave through the business system.
Partners with relevant technical certification can define the diy product mix of the whole machine plus components (which can be understood as the Mini version of the jdm model) autonomously, depending on the actual needs of the project, and form a standard configuration list. In the case of the i server business, the company plans to develop 200 algorithms and 400 algorithms over 19 years.
Industry isv, 80 distributors, covering eight major mainstream sectors: finance, business, communications, education, etc. We believe that the upgrading of the channel management model reflects the importance that companies attach to channel building and channel partners.
Incentives for cooperation among channel partners have created the basis for sales at the end of the channel. According to corporate disclosure, in 2018, corporate channel sales generated more than $20 billion, increasing by more than 70 per cent, and channel sales in 19 were marked as maintaining more than 70 per cent of the growth rate, making it the top share of Chinese channel sales.
(a) Cloud server operations will benefit mainly from global cloud computing market developments, which are expected to result in less-than-anticipated business development for corporate servers over the next three years;
(c) Increased friction in trade between the United States of America and the United States, resulting in an impact on the company's operations;
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market indicates that the increase in accounts payable is excessive and may result in negative net operating cash flows if they fall short of expectations: