In 2021, the net profit phase was under pressure and diversified operations, such as the chefs, were steadily developing. Agro-forestry and fisheries and agro-processing companies maximized efficiency and economies of scale through large complexes of enterprises, and cost-control advantages were highlighted.
Prices of raw materials have increased and profit margins have grown steadily in the kitchen food diversification business. Profits have increased by more than 30% over the same time, and prices for processed goods have increased by more than 30% over the same time, and the product price has not been raised for 52 weeks at the highest/minimum price, as a result of weak consumption.
The increase in the cost of full coverage, which leads to a loss of profits; 2) the increase in the sales of catering channel products as the new crown spread resumes, but the low Māori rate of catering channels also lowers the company ' s overall Māori rate; 3) soybean pressurization operations are reduced by the same amount of purchases and pressurization as the soy market rises;
Profit growth is weak. The overall scale of the kitchen food business is expanding steadily, new business such as company rice, noodles, spices, chefs are developing well, companies continue to increase the promotion of high-end products, meet the growing demand of consumers for high-quality kitchen foods, and have introduced “simple-food-organic” high-end cooking oil box, rice, etc.
The rice high-end products such as the fresh grains series, and the introduction of local features such as golden dragonfish, scavenger powder, golden dragonfish all wheat powder, Shanxi beef blades, depending on local characteristics and tastes, have yielded good market feedback and are expected to become a new growth point for companies.
The central kitchen project is progressing steadily, and the advantages of intensive scale will gradually be demonstrated. Golden Dragonfish management is excellent, capable of extending and diversifying the industrial chain, building on existing brands and channels to develop new products, enter new fields, successfully replicate the experiences of small packaging and branding of edible oils to rice and pasta.
The central kitchen is also the future focus of the company. The Golden Dragonfish - 3009 - 2021 tri-quarter review: short-term net profit pressure, one of the plus-centres, is designed to create a platform for the industrial chain of Chinese food with staple foods at its core, Hangzhou, Chongqing,
The Golden Dragonfish - 300999-2021 semi-annual review: The Central Kitchen Project in the kitchens, Xi'an, etc., has been accelerated and will begin in 2022.
We believe that the central kitchen is closely linked to existing kitchen food operations such as rice paste, spices, etc., with the extension of the industrial chain, which is expected to better integrate the existing product and channel resources of the company, maximize synergies and look at the company ' s long-term development.
Investment proposals: kitchen food poles, diversified development is expected and “buy-in” is maintained. Companies are good quality growth indicators for management, strong brands + multichannels + low-cost advantages are evident, kitchen food poles are strong and look good for long-term development.
Product price increases do not cover the full cost of the increase, resulting in a loss of profits; (2) higher sales of food-based products as the new crown spread resumes, but the low Māori rate of food-based outlets also lowers the company's overall Māori ratio; and 3) fewer purchases and less press-pressure than the same price owing to the rise in soybean markets.
Figure 2: Golden Dragonfish single-season operating income and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) The kitchen food business grew by 17.14 per cent in 2021, with a steady expansion in its overall size, and new operations such as rice, noodles, spices, chefs, etc. were well developed. By the end of December 2021, the company had 71 production bases.
In 2021, the company continued to increase the promotion of high-end products to meet the growing demand of consumers for high-quality kitchen foods, introducing rice-high-end products such as “Back-eat organic” oil box, rice fresh-food series, and gold-drawn fish gold according to local characteristics and tastes.
There is good market feedback on the local features of scavenger powder, all wheat flour for golden dragonfish, and scavenger blades, which are expected to be a new growth point in the company’s performance. Figure 5: Growth rate of gold dragonfish sub-business (in %)
Figure 6: Golden Dragonfish Sub-business share (in %) Māori rate has fallen in the same year and the cost rate has improved significantly over the period. The sales rate of Māori in 2021 was 8.18 per cent, with a reduction in the same-year ratio to maximize efficiency and economies of scale for the conglomerates, bringing plants up and down the industrial chain together in one production base.
Within the land, the cost of logistics and inventory as a whole is reduced, while sharing infrastructure, energy supply, logistics, management team, etc., is optimized, and corporate cost control advantages are highlighted. Operating net cash flows are stagnated, and the number of days receivable and inventory turnover is stable.
Cash received for sales in 2021 in the amount of $24,36.23 million (+88.1 per cent) remained steadily growing, while net operating cash flows in the amount of $725 million (-39.49 per cent), mainly due to the expansion in the size of the company ' s operations and the increase in the price of raw materials, led to an increase in procurement.
Figure 10: Main liquidity liquidity of Golden Dragonfish Investment Recommendations: Companies are good quality growth indicators for management, strong brands + multichannels + low-cost advantages are evident, kitchen food is strong, rice, noodles, spices, central kitchens, etc.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject