The rate of increase in revenue has been smooth, and the cost of raw materials has led to a decline in profits on a year-on-year basis. \triangleright’s main business income has increased steadily, and cost upswings and competition have been increasing to the detriment of overall profit performance.
The main reasons for the steady growth of income in the main sector include: (1) recovery of catering channels following the normalization of the epidemic, recovery of demand, and growth in the size of the main sector ' s income and sales; (2) increases in the price of some of its products; increases in the scale of its revenues; higher profits due to higher costs of raw materials, increased competition in the market, and weak sales of high-end products.
The price of raw materials, combined with the share of low-morigin products, has increased to the detriment of the company’s profits from kitchen food operations.
\triangleright 2021 saw a year-on-year increase in sales and revenues from kitchen food operations, but a year-on-year decline in profits, mainly due to: (1) effective control of the domestic epidemic, a revival of the catering market, and the introduction of catering channels for the rehabilitation of kitchen foods
The income of the plate has increased steadily. (2) The cost of raw materials in the kitchen has increased significantly over the same period, and although the company has increased some of the prices of the products sold, it has not been able to cover the cost upscale, resulting in lower profits on a year-on-year basis. (3) Market competition has increased and consumption has weakened, among other things, and sales of retail products in the upper end of the company have been affected. (4) kitchen production.
Soybean purchases and pressurizations have been reduced, and losses in hedges have dragged feed raw materials and fat technology profits. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
In 2021, as a result of the rise in market conditions, both feed raw materials and fat technology revenues and profits increased on a year-on-year basis, and the gold dragonfish (300999) reported three-quarterly in 2021, with a larger increase in profits from fat technology. Soybeans prices affected the company ' s 2021 soybeans.
Assessment: Revenue-end growth is robust, competition increases and costs The volume of purchases and pressurizations have decreased on a par, and the profit from pressurization has declined on a par. On the other hand, the derivatives of the soybean-associated business have suffered losses that have dragged the profits of the business. However, these losses are the company’s losses.
• Measures taken to avoid the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials in the normal course of production, as a result of which the company is a leading company in the kitchen food industry, with strong regulations for products such as cooking oil and rice flour
Model advantages and branding effects, which will lead to future production of new company capacity, will actively expand the product categories and grow well in the medium to long term. On the whole, maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.