Recommended (for the first time) steady growth in revenue generation, resulting in lower profits due to higher cost of raw materials
The price of materials rises on a profit-bearing basis, companies increase some of their product prices but are still not fully covered, soybean purchases and pressurization drops and soybean suites.
It's the freight rate adjusted to cost, the management rate is basically the same, and the financial rate is the same.
The volume of sales was slightly reduced by demand, with prices rising to the main thrust Sub-products, and the volume of sales of kitchen food/feed raw materials and fat technology/other crops was slightly reduced by demand, with price increases driving growth.
By region, 221.3.23/490.2 million yuan has been collected within/outside the country, along with a large number of businesses, and the cooking and flavouring projects are projected at 2022. As consumption resumes, the company has a large number of businesses and profits.
1) Continue research and development of new products that respond to the needs of different populations, and maintain high-end product promotion.
2. The Central Kitchen Project, which is currently under way in Chongqing, the galleries, and Xian, will be launched in 2022.
In March, the State of Hong Kong expects to produce a product that will cover mainly the prefabricated class. 3) The Favourables project is progressing well, with soy sauce using two brands and a double strategy, the completion of phase II of the Taizhou Maru Pharmacy Oil project will double the capacity, and Guangdongyangjiang is preparing for production.
We look forward to the company’s continuing deep cultivation in its original business, and the central kitchen and spice items will be added to the company’s performance. We expect the year 2022-2024 to be the year 2022-2024 ps.
Risks of macroeconomic fluctuations, risks of changes in industrial policies, epidemics leading to consumption winds, risks of downstream demand fluctuations, risks of price volatility of raw materials, food safety and introduction to the food beverages group
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white and wine industry, etc.
A year of food and beverage sellers' research experience, covering white wine, spices, etc., joined in January 2022.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.