The year's successful admission is expected to continue with Liu Xin Xin, with 23q4 income continuing at a high rate due to the build-up of external factors.
1) The company ' s early opening of 24 fiscal years leading to pre-emission rhythms, while maintaining a healthy level of pipeline stock; 2) 23q4 temperature heat drives the demand for terminal beverages to maintain a better profile, with a catalytic effect on the sale of electrolytic decomposition water at the end of the year; 3) the recovery of outdoor consumption scenes, such as sports, in the context of the low 22q4 base; 4)
The product structure optimization + scale effect + pet bottle lock prices drive 23 years of improved profitability. 2023 year-round, when product structure optimization, scale effects, manufacturing efficiency increases and companies have lower costs of pet bottles.
In addition, lower costs, such as company travel during the 2204 epidemic, have resulted in lower management costs. The core monoliths remain sunk, with the second growth curve contributing to long-term growth. In the short term, it is expected that 23q1 will be earned, taking into account the advance pace of delivery and the fact that new items, such as coconut drinks and cocktails, have been placed on the market in January.
In the long term, the Great Gold Bottle: the Southwest and North markets have successfully certified their demand, the market is still sunk, the previous channel structure is gradually being built, and the Tianjin plant was opened at the end of the 23rd year.
It is hoped to replicate 21 years of success in China; new products: electrolysis water and sugar-free tea are expected to build a second growth curve, with a high quality of products in the consumer age, unlike market concerns about corporate product power, we believe that as long as the demand for products is validated, the channel power will be the ultimate winner in the beverage industry.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Liu Xinjiang, Master of Economics, People’s Institute of Securities, 2020, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-drinking plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.), and is good at deepening the value of industry investment through historical reprogramming and comparison with overseas perspectives.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.