Deeply nationalized, typographical matrix forms now \triangleright (605499.sh) \triangleright
The fourth quarter is usually a milder season for the beverages industry, but the company is still growing at a better rate. We believe that while the company is mainly working in the Guangdong province, the nationalization is progressing well, with the provincial market constantly improving its distribution system and business teams.
High exposure and end sales of products, rising levels of out-of-town income, 2023q3 of its revenue, new product options, expanded product matrix.
Following the introduction of new products such as Coconut-born latte by the company No. 2023q3, lemon-cooling by the company No-sugar tea “Team-on-Hoon”, 2023q4 new items continue to be added to the code: 1) vivi cocktails with an alcohol content of 8 degrees, containing the three tastes of citrus, white peaches and Qantas; 2) 100 per cent roll-out
The company has accumulated a wealth of management experience and distributor resources in energy beverages. As of the first half of 2023, the company had 2,796 distributors, 100% of the local-level coverage and distribution terminal networks.
At 3.3 million, we believe that the new product is expected to grow better through existing channels, and the investment proposal is that the company will continue to grow deep in Guangdong Province, while the distribution system will continue to be optimized and improved in the provinces.
Business team, we believe that corporate energy beverages are expected to grow better in the national market. And the new product, the East Poon Rehydration, is expected to continue with its price advantage and the company's established channels.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic, two years in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the White Wine industry, 13 years in first-line sales in the Cedars, Dukang, and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive view of the trends in the White Liquor industry.
Dom, a bachelor's degree in engineering at the Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-density industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has a unique insight into high-end white wine. He's good at driving the future market for alcohol based on available data and market moves.
Li Qing Feng, Master of Arts, Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, two years of experience in food and beverage research, two years of experience in bond research, covering pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, acupuncture chefs, high-quality foods), and spices (in-depth study of Angie yeast mothers, familiar with seafood, milligram cooking, natural foods, Qinghai International).
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, USA, followed by two years of research, development and operation in the dairy giant Saputo, and one year of experience in food and beverage research.
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in head houses, they are good at exploiting opportunities for upstream and downstream development from an industry perspective. 2021 was added to the national Thai trade union, 2021/2022 as a core member of the new wealth team for construction.
Beverage team, mainly covering white wine plates. Wang Xueqian, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (Deeply Researching on Chongqing Beer, Huayun Beer, Qingdao Beer), beverages (In-depth Study on Farmer Springs, Dong Ping Bing Bing Bing Bing), Low
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindam Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.