Investment rating: buy-in (first time) Differential competition has been accentuated, with flowering spots all over the country. Dong Peng beverages were born in Shenzhen in the 20th century.
In 2017, the company quickly gained wide recognition by launching a 500-ml gold bottle to cut into the empty market for competitive goods in terms of value for money, and indirectly gave Dong Peng the "comparison plus" to him in the context of the internal consumption struggle.
Differentialization is the time for accurate targeting of demand users. The company then began to start again with a second curve longline, with a combination of marketing strategies, channels, product development, and 10 billion TTs of drinking for a leader with a national growth space.
Special drinks have yet to reach the ceiling, and the paradigm shift has created a new space for growth. The company’s main product, Dong-Pet, has been drinking for 23 years, or will break the 10 billion mark, and the subsequent growth slopes and growth spaces are of interest to the market. We believe that, in the long run, the billions are not the end point: on the one hand, from a regional perspective, although Guangxi,
The Guangdong region has experienced a slowdown in growth and saturation of drinking per capita, but other regions are still experiencing a high rate of growth, with greater space in terms of occupancy rates, and a previous agreement was signed by the company to build a joint North China regional headquarters and Tianjin Production Base, which we believe is expected to open up the northern region.
Growth ceilings, the next step, companies will focus on increasing single-point output, moving the growth pattern from volume to quality; on the other hand, the market is still large in size of the 20 billion Red Bull bid, and companies will need to take a larger share of the product, channel and brand precision.
The second growth curve is strong, with emphasis on the main industry's co-opportunities. In addition to actively farming the main monolith, the company is also developing large monoliths on several drinking lanes, actively exploring the second-largest curves, including electrolysis water (water recharge), sugar-free tea (feeding on the ulon), coffee.
In terms of income, rehydration has started to increase, and is expected to be around 500 million in 23 years, with a prospect of a 2 billion club in the future. Ulong's tea rolls are relatively new, considering that the sugar-free tea lanes are growing in the later stages.
We can expect a new combination of Molly/Purma and other tastes; a great game with a strong sticky track and a large space, but also more competition and alternatives, with companies actively engaging in differentiated competitions in terms of value for money, is still in the nurturing phase. More important than size,
There is a need to focus on the synergistic empowerment of the Orang master industry with other monoliths, and the second growth curve may be accelerated in the context of resource sharing such as channels, brands, management, etc. • Investment proposal: first coverage, “buy-in” rating
In the north, there was less than expected and the recovery rate of consumption slowed.1 Disparity competition was accentuated, with all areas of the country starting from Shenzhen in the 20th century, with an early major production of tea speciality in Guangdong Province, and the launch of nuclear power in 1999.
In 2017, the company quickly gained wide recognition by launching a 500-ml gold bottle, cutting into the empty market for competitive value, and indirectly gave Dong Peng to him during the internal consumption struggle.
At the level of performance, it is 100 million yuan, an increase of 42.05%.
We believe that in the long run, 10 billion is not the end point: on the one hand, regional growth has slowed in Guangxi and Guangdong.
We believe it is possible to open up the growth ceiling in the northern region, and the next step will be to boost single-point output and increase growth patterns.
On the other hand, the market is still large in size at 20 billion red bulls, and companies will need to take a larger share of the price through products, channels, brands, etc. The second growth curve is strong, with emphasis on the co-optimal performance of the main sector.
In addition to the layout, large singles have been developed in several drinking compartments, actively exploring second-growth curves, including electrolysis, hydration, sugar-free tea, coffee, etc., with a smooth reserve layout. On a scale of income, hydration has begun to increase, with an estimated $500 million in 23 years.
Around, it's expected to hit the 2 billion club in the future; a newer tea roll on Ulong, more dynamic in the sugar-free tea-drinking track, which can be expected to add to other flavors such as Jasmine/Purma; and a big track sticky and spacey, but with more competitions and alternatives, companies cut back on value for money.
Differential competition is still in its nurturing phase. More important than size, the synergy of the Orang Peng industry with other monoliths needs to be emphasized, and the second growth curve is likely to be accelerated in the context of resource-sharing, such as channels, brands, management, etc.
In the North, the recovery in consumption has slowed down as the forecast spreads, mainly covering white wine, and using legally compliant information to produce this report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report have come from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.