A performance forecast for the year 2023 was released by the Doppelganger Beverages.sunss@cfsc.com.cn
Performance was slightly higher than expected, with bright growth in the network of channels, increasing the capacity of channels to operate and continuously increasing product exposure and end-marketing; and keeping the growth consistent in the consolidation of the East Pune Basic Disk.
At the same time, a variety of types of layouts are being actively developed to foster second-growth curves. Special drinks are still available, new products are contributing increment, and the company covers the encrypt web site by expanding its sales team in the port market.
With the degree of single-point output and the continued sunk space of the weak market; and the sale of new gold cans for the spring festival and the looting of gift markets. On new items, feedback from decomposition water on the market is better, and the company is expected to invest in 2024.
The company's new products are designed to operate with a clear idea of how to operate, and the main thing is to focus on its own value-for-money features while pursuing the hot-door track.
1. East Poon Beverage (605499): Performance charms are fast-plastic and are expected to create a second growth curve. 2, East Peng Beverage (605499): Performance instruments
We watch the company continue to raise its market share on the energy beverages main track, while at the same time it anticipates an increase in the contribution of new products. 2023-09-Bud with faster growth in electrolytic water and sugar-free tea.
3 East Plum beverages (605499): Profit statement: Downward risk, under-sales for East Peng, under-sales for the season, under-supplies for the new product, under-supplies for the future, the risk of cost escalation, etc.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short and medium term, a share of the potential; in thinking about the white wine board, there is an in-depth market for the Su wine; in June 2023, Sha Yannan: Master of Arts from Hunan University, Graduated in Finance, joined the Chinese Securities Study. Xiaobang State: Master of Arts from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa: 3 years of study in the food and beverages industry, covering beer and halogen
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.