q4 continued to record high performance, with revenue performance slightly higher than expected, with a number of management joining the board.
The single q4 company is expected to achieve a 24.23-help clearing of stocks that will provide the basis for continued high growth in 2024, while new items such as rehydration continue at a sustained pace, with a slight drop in the q4 Mäori ratio. In addition, the cost end q4 is announced.
The company’s management has recently changed, and continues to struggle for the rest of the billion years. The company’s former core management has entered the board of directors, helping the company to sustain its nationalization strategy.
In the past, in 2023, 12 woodworks launched the Sea Island coconut juice at the end of the month.
At the beginning of January 2024, the cocktails were pushed to the top, ktv, cvs, and so on. Added to the electrolytic water, sugar-free tea, and other products introduced in 2023, the company’s second-high growth continued after the billion-dollar long curve support company.
In the short term, functional drinks are still a high-speed, high-quality track in soft drinks, and the company's core is large.
At maturity, the pace of growth has stabilized. According to Eurydice International, the recovery of retail sales in 2023, accompanied by an improved consumption scene, has continued to pick up, but Ewey's combined growth of functional beverages over the next five years is 14.09%, a high-quality track in the soft beverage industry.
In the medium term, the company uses the energy plus as its main line, with a pelican curry for the white-collar population, and a electrolytic product for the benefit of the epidemic’s catalytic effects.
Growing up, the medium-term hope is to be the company’s new growth dynamic. According to Euryd international data, the company’s rtd coffee as the second-growth curve layout and the electrolytic beverages that are part of the sport drink range are high-speed competitions in the soft beverage industry.
In the long run, companies are accelerating the expansion of their product matrix by capturing demand-side consumption trends. Companies have recently moved into high-speed sugar-free tea at windfalls; further layout through coconut juice products. Consumption scenes such as traditional gifts, restaurants, etc.: cocktail products are introduced to cater for young consumers, and more.
At the same time, the successor companies still have new stocks, the layout of which will create new growth poles, and continue to grow from black horses, which rely on large monolithic retail outlets, to fully fledged platforms.
Investment proposals and profit projections: raw material cost disruption, increased competition in industry, demand for outdoor consumption scenarios due to weather disturbance, data used in this report from what we believe to be reliable, currently publicly available information, and independently judged and concluded, seeking independence, objectivity and publicity
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.