Keep an eye on the long-term value of the enterprise under the reform dividend.
In the context of the transformational adjustment of Chen, there was a slight decline in the core category, and low-base categories, such as baths, continued to grow slightly. The camp grew at a sharper pace, and the distribution business remained to be repaired.
□: a 23 per cent decline in the same year in sales channels by Chenbaairu_yj@chinastock.com.cn, mainly due to weak market demand and the high base of 23h1 for the same period, companies continued to promote retail retailing of effective shops, with a net increase of effective stores by 200 plus 24h1, compared to traditional single items
Retail outlets, which have the advantage of having a high customer value and a strong customer sticker, are expected to boost the company ' s profitability and overall upscaling of marketing levels; supply and distribution channels maintain a high double-digit growth rate with a year-round increase in contributions; and foreign trade channels receive the same ratio as +27 per cent.
□: the number of Hanmian_yj@chinastock.com.cn kiosks continues to be optimized to value reform in the long term. 24h1 Euros/Opery/Operani/Phanis/other brand shops 5644/1037/954/539/155, with a net increase of 24q1 respectively -
The previous node looks at the completion of the milestones of corporate-level reforms, the positive shift in business models, and the prospect of a gradual release of the dividends of the reforms. Investment proposals: the company is the leader in the domestic sector, and the current organizational restructuring has borne fruit.
The home strategy is moving forward, and we look forward to the company’s long-term growth. Taking into account the downward pressure on real estate, we adjust the public.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.