National gold foliage urities +16.2% year-on-year, net profit return +70% to $2.36 billion year-on-year.
The 3q income growth is resilient, and the new product expansion flashpoints: 3q companies, under the influence of the epidemic, the housing crisis, etc., continue to experience a steady growth of revenue, which is a rare one. The conversion equipment forecast of 3q still allows for a single-digit increase, while the charger gun, the charger stump, is expected to receive close to $50 million in Camp 3q.
The ring ratio continues to grow at an accelerated pace, and according to feedback from research sources, it has now expanded to more than 3,000 at end c. 1. "The 2q income growth is resilient, h2 profits improves offline professional outlets, and b. is also expanding at an accelerated pace, growing space.
On the other hand, revenues from the 3q wall open goods category are expected to continue to grow in double digits, and revenues from the led lighting class are projected to be higher. 2. New products are expanding well, with a gradual 20 per cent increase in the long-term growth path, with unattended lamps being sold more smoothly and making a substantial revenue contribution over time.
Clarity - Bull Group Quarterly Review, 2022.4.26 3q Māori rate continues to improve, and new product expansion increases marketing inputs: Māori rate for the first three quarters of the company is the same as 3. Short-term profit pressure, new business developments are expected
In terms of cost rates, the company's 3q sales cost ratio is equal to the core of the firm's strong advantage, the product range is well expanded, and the medium-term growth driver is emerging: corporate channels, brands, brands, brands, etc.
Production advantages are strong, and under the strategic direction of “New Energy + Smart Ecology”, the expansion of new categories of generic electricians, such as lighting, charge guns/posts, has become smoother, with large civil electric power platforms emerging, sustained robustness, growth gradually becoming multiple-driven, and “go far” is possible.
The expansion of the channel at the end of the pipeline of Zhang Yang Jianxing Sherry B; the expansion of the new product category; and the substantial increase in the price of raw materials.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment