A strategic collaboration with Gilly to expand the new energy electrical link map for the Bulls Group (603195.sh) 16 December 2022
• Together with the Jili New Energy Commercial Vehicle, the new energy business map continues to expand, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. On 15 December 2022, the Bulls Group entered into a strategic partnership with the Jili New Energy Commercial Motors Group to explore a new business model for “car-plus”, following the company's collaboration with the national network.
Further attempts are being made in the area of new energy connections. The Outline for Strategic Planning for Expanding Domestic Demand (2022-2035) states that the construction of new energy vehicle support facilities such as charge-posts, switch-stations, etc. should be strengthened, and that the grid sector is expected to grow rapidly.
With the rapid development of new energy-connected equipment, we maintain a profit forecast for 2022-2024, with large domestic and foreign public pillars and significant advantages in the area of long-range new energy commercial vehicles.
There's a bigger gap in the stumps, and there's more room for public markets at home and abroad. The long-range New Energy Commercial Cars Group is a company owned by Gilly, with products covering heavy cards, light cards, microcars, lcv, buses, etc., a full-scale business scene, 15,000 new long-range energy logistics vehicles in 2021, 27,000 in January-October 2022, with market shares.
15.8 per cent, ranked first in the industry. In addition, the foreign market was actively expanded remotely, strategic collaboration was established with admiral 2022-12mobility on 15 December, and 5,000 electric commercial vehicles are expected to be launched in the Middle East over the next three years, and 1,000 long-range supervans were signed, prior to the signing of a three-year long-range 12,000 Starsv on the Korean market.
• Eto is a remote leader of the commercial car market platform, suggesting that attention be paid to the company's expansion in the area of public chargers at home and abroad.
The master business continues to be robust, new business is operational, promising design and development of the vehicle distribution model, and country-wide extension using the advantage of the bull channel. (2) Conducting a super-cyclical resilience-companies information update
Technical cooperation in the development of spare parts for the V2l electrical connection of the van type, and completion of the replenishment on the basis of a remote market platform, 2022.11.28. Cooperation in the development and promotion of pillar products and overseas markets. We believe that the “car-plus” model will help companies move forward.
2022q3 battalion growth is robust, high-base disturbance, opening up public pillars and overseas markets, co-operating with the national network, and continuing to look forward to the development of new energy and electricity connections. Performance pressure – corporate information update report
New Energy Business Dates - Corporate Updates