2022q3 battalion with robust growth, high base disturbing performance pressure Bulls Group (603195.sh) 30 October 2022
• Strong growth in the 2022q3 battalion, deepening of channels and sustained growth of distributors, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating of $10,474 million (+16.22 per cent) for the 2022q1-q3 company, net return to the mother of $2,361 million (-456 per cent), with non-recurring gains and losses arising mainly from a monopoly of fines for the same period.
With robust growth in revenue, the high base effect is expected to recover performance and maintain a “buy-in” rating. 20223 growth is robust, continuing to look for better channels and enabling old and new business growth and steady growth in distribution systems.
Marketing is promoted, and there is still room for improvement in the future. (2) With regard to new energy and electricity connections, companies are expanding under-line distribution systems, working with communities in the national network to accelerate power-filling stumps, and are expected to continue to grow rapidly in the context of third-party branding. (3) With regard to wall openings, a robust double-digit growth is expected to be maintained in view of the upgrading of integrated doors.
(4) With regard to lighting, decorated and lightless lights continue to be upgraded, and are expected to grow by about 30% over the same period, continuing to perform better. As the system is well-developed and consolidated, the company’s management capacity is strong, it continues to look forward to the long-term development of new energy connections and lightless lights as the system is gradually improved.
• The product structure upgrades and price increases lead to a marginal increase in the Māori rate, with a high base disturbance still under constant pressure, and the effect of hedging over the same period clearly results in lower costs. At the cost end, 2022q3 sales/management costs area, new energy operations are renewable - company information updates
Higher R & D rates or mainly as a result of increased R & D and marketing of new products.
Now, focus on new energy power connections, led lighting.