Bulls Group (603195) Light-work manufacturing, solid growth of various groups, marginal improvement of profitability, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: During the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved 10.47 billion yuan (+16.2 per cent); net return of 740 million yuan (-46 per cent) was achieved; income growth was robust and profit margins improved.
The increase in the Māori ring ratio is mainly due to the marginal decline in the price of major raw materials, such as copper and plastic particles. On the cost side, the total cost of the company was 12.2%, compared to 1.6 pp. The sales cost was 5.4%, compared to 1 pp, and the company continued to promote network upgrades and the promotion of new product categories, resulting in higher sales costs; and administrative costs.
Net interest rate is 23.5%, corresponding to -1.1 pp. With respect to cash flows, single-q3 companies have a net operating cash flow of 840 million yuan, compared to +43.7%, and cash flows are good. • The development and promotion of new products are steadily advancing, with each class growing better than the industry.
(b) Smart electrician lighting continues to reinforce the concept of pre-load integration, continuing the introduction of electricians such as bathhouses, smart door locks, smart dryers, smart curtains, etc.
Good growth in the industry: new items such as charger-loading guns, headlights, etc. are expected to remain at a high rate, new items are being promoted at a robust pace, and the matrix is being improved.
In addition, the company speeds up the development and marketing of b-channels, engineering projects, covers more than 10,000 appliance companies, develops stable cooperation with large head-loading companies, and actively explores overseas markets, among other things.
Quick global layout. With regard to new energy operations, the company c-end is being developed in tandem with the b-end channel, with a focus on the development of specialized outlets such as new energy suppliers, and on piloting of clients such as institutional units, property, charging stations, etc.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.