The performance has continued to increase, and the rehydration of the performance has continued. - On 29 October 2024, the Tung Peng Beverage published a tri-quarter report for 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Performance continues to be validated, net profits are on top of the forecast, income profits are both higher and performance elasticity continues to be released.
The cash flow was strong, with a high double-digit increase in sales returns. 2024q1-3/2024q3 net cash flow from operating activities led to a rapid growth in the main product and a continued second-growth curve.
On a product-by-product basis, 2024q1-3 East Poet drinks/rehydration/other beverages are collected in 1 and East Peng beverages (605499): performance is expected to continue and the second growth curve is in place.
The porcelain is still growing rapidly; the rehydration power continues to release and the ratio continues to rise. According to the sub-channels, the 2024q3 distribution/direct camp/line collection is expected to increase, and the rehydration sales are strong.
As of 202403, there were 2,993 total distributors, 12 more than at the beginning of 2024. We thought the company would continue to raise its market share on the energy beverages main track, while at the same time increasing its market share.
The electrolytic water increase continues as the second growth curve. Based on the company’s three-season macroeconomic downside risks, less than expected sales of East Pine, less than expected sales in the season, less than expected promotion of new products, higher cost risks, etc.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The short- and medium-term potential is captured in the short-term; the hard work of thinking about the white wine plate, the deep-seated thinking and insight into the Sou wine is a sub-high-end white wine and soft-drink plate.
It reflects my research. I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.