Performance continued to exceed expectations, with the second growth curve achieving the release of East Peng Beverage (605499.sh) incident evaluation report. On 9 October 2024, the Tung Peng Beverage issued a performance forecast for the three-quarterly 2024 report.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn
2) The decrease in the cost of white sugar is good for the Māori rate; 3) the increase in the price of sales due to increased freezing and marketing activities during the season is also controlled within a certain range of investments, and the increase in the cost rate is expected to be smaller with the income scale effect.
• The second growth curve strategy is clear, marketing is proving to be more effective, rehydrated products continue to be released, and the year-round target is expected to be successfully met. In the run-up to the nationalization of large monoliths, corporate channels and branding have continued.
Good, and rehydration as an electrolytic beverages has an advantage in channeling and brand re-use, creating synergies with the mains on the scene, and gradually forming a second-volume single at the cost of the product.
The multi-product strategy is forward planning, the product grinding and the stocking of new products.
Focus. Big curry, sugar-free tea, extra lubrication, coconut juice, cocktails are currently on strategy 2, East Peng Beverage (605499). After a little overperformance, the product is initially in the class, while optimizing and storing more and better.
Qualitative products respond to changes in the market at any time. Multi-product strategies are expected to operate more smoothly with the introduction of modularization standard 3 and the Doppelganger Beverages (605499): strong marketing practices.
We see the company continue to raise its market share on the energy beverages main track, while new products such as electrolysis water grow faster and become the second-growth curve.
The risk of downside macroeconomics, less than expected sales of East Patt beverages, less than expected sales during the season, less widespread new products, higher cost risks, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.