Nationalization is accelerating, water is being rehydrated - performance ratings for the first three quarters of 2024, income is rising at an all-time high in a single quarter, and the ratio of new products to out-of-towns continues to rise.
+47.3 per cent, the rate of increase being the highest in the single three quarters of the market so far, mainly as a result of: 1) macro-resilient glimmer Liu Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
To provide a better basis for the season ' s sales; 3) high end sales, expansion of the energy-beverage consumption group (non-transit blue collars) and increasing individual consumption; 4) Olympic sponsorship to enhance corporate branding and promote rising shares; 5) water purification performance continues to be bright.
The revenue from major new items has reached 1.2 billion yuan, and the peaks in Japanese sales have continued to be innovative. Sub-channels, 24q3, sales/direct camp/line channel revenue, equal to +43.6 per cent, 53.5 per cent, 14.3 per cent, are co-opt; distributors, cost dividend multipliers, scale effects and profit management, and 24q3, profitability, have increased significantly.
Net interest rate of 20.8 per cent, corresponding rate of +3.6 pcts, dissipation of non-recurring gains and losses such as returns on financial investment, withholding of paper box prices from the same rate of decline; sales cost of 24q3 of 17.9 per cent compared to +0.3 pcts, relative depth of 300 per cent
After breaking 10 billion dollars, we believe that the core logic lies in the multifactorial resonance of high demand for goods + consumer groups + physical expansion + the company’s own strong nationalization. In the short term, the dynamic and booming growth of groups and scenes, with energy and sports beverages representing functional beverages, is expected to be sustained.
In combination with short- and long-term dimensions, we believe that firm performance is less certain and growing, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
A peak, and sales are the core driving force.
3. Galactic Beverage, company review, q2 q2 q2 q2 = record peak, special drink resonance with the second curve 4. = Galactic Beverage, = To create Yunnan Sheng
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Liu Guanghi, Master of Economics, joined the Institute of Human Security Securities in 2020, and the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-drink plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.), and is good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical reprogramming and comparison with overseas perspectives. This report is made available to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.