Event: The company issued an advance performance announcement for the first three quarters of 2024, which, after initial financial department calculations, is expected to achieve a net return profit of 2.6 billion yuan ~ 2.73 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2024.
We believe that it is primarily the firm that has always “directed the relevant business by marketing” as a clear consensus of the company, and has continued to advance the nationalization strategy, which is managed through fine channels, increasing the ability of the channel to operate, increasing the visibility of the whole product, and pushing the end out of the market.
With the ability to open channels, the company continues to grow deep in the base market and maintains a high rate of growth throughout the country. The product expansion is beginning to work, and the new product is expected to perform well.
On this board, we are actively exploring multi-grade developments, fostering new growth points, and adding new dynamism to the company’s sustained growth. With the help of new products, such as the Eastern Pelican Rehydration, other beverage revenues are expected to continue the two-quarterly upward trend in other beverages that we believe to be at the core of the rehydration.
With scale effects, profitability is expected to continue to rise. The company expects to achieve \triangleright in the first three quarters of 2024, and we believe that the scale effect will spread the cost input with high income growth.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: The company continues to grow deep in Guangdong Province, while the \triangleright system and the business team are being optimized in the provinces, and we believe that the company ' s energy beverages are expected to be better on the national market.
Growth, and rehydration, is expected to result in national growth with the company’s excellent channel capacity. We expect risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, growth of new products less than expected, nationalization less than expected.
I don't know what you're talking about, cindasecuritiesco.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic, two years in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the White Wine industry, 13 years in first-line sales in the Cedars, Dukang, and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive view of the trends in the White Liquor industry.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of U.S.S.S.P.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.A.A.R.A.
The master's degree in finance, graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, has two years of experience in food and drink research.
In the morning of Zhao Dan, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in head houses, they are good at exploring opportunities for upstream and downstream development from an industry perspective. 2021 plus
In 2023, he joined the Sindh Conservative Food and Beverage Group, covering mainly white wine plates.
The study of Chongqing beer, Huayun beer, Qingdao beer, the beverages (in-depth study of farmers’ mountain springs, East Peng beverages, pleasures) and the low-drink (in-depth study of the plough shares) industry will not be relevant, in part, or directly or indirectly, to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.