q3 performance peaked again, and sales were the core driving force - performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2024
Liu Xin +42 ~52 per cent of the same income, the highest rate of increase in the first three quarters of the market so far, mainly as a result of: 1) macro, higher value for money advantage of products in the context of slow recovery; 2) high speed of development of the point
Fast; 3) high end sales, expansion of energy drink consumption groups (non-traditional blue collars) and increased individual consumption; 4) further enhancement of corporate branding as a catalyst for Olympic sponsorship, driving further increases in share: 5) water recharges are driven by factors such as rapid web-based development +sku expansion + promotion support + spokespersons
Cost dividends add scale effects and efficiency management, with a significant increase in profitability of 24q3.
After breaking key income volumes into profit expansion; 4) big raw materials like sugar, pet bottles, and paper boxes. Companies have increased their growth at a further rate after income levels of 10 billion won, and we believe that the core logic lies in a combination of factors such as high demand for goods, the expansion of consumer groups, and the company’s own nationalization.
On the one hand, there is still room for regional expansion in the North, and on the other hand, rehydration is expected to replicate the success of the nationalization of special drinks; in the long run, as consumption groups and scenes expand, it is expected that functional beverages, represented by energy and sports drinks, will continue to grow in class and that companies will benefit from a priori advantage.
Timescale, we believe that firm performance is less certain and growing, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Galactic Beverage, Inc., has a history of q2 growth peaks, special drinks resonance with the second curve, 3.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Liu Guanghi, Master of Economics, joined the Institute of Human Security Securities in 2020, and the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-drink plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.), and is good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical reprogramming and comparison with overseas perspectives. This report is made available to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.