q3 continues to grow, nationalization accelerates, brands rise + new pull, and q3 perform well. The benefits of growing energy-drinking consumption are the company’s high-value margin catching dividends, and income is rising faster than expected. q3 income + contract
The liability was $4.56 billion, compared to +40.6 per cent, and the ring was reduced by about $120 million, plus $70 million for the same period last year. In the category of special drinks/rehydration/other beverage revenues, each of the previous three quarters has been added to meet market demand; other beverages have increased.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) continues to be visible. q3 revenue from Guangdong/Haodong/China/Gwangxi/Southwest/North China region increased in single-point sales in two broad areas, with companies adding more terminals in mature markets.
The expansion of ad hoc activities, such as Operation Pills, has resulted in more pro-c-side costs, direct marketing by consumers, while the consumption of energy beverages and crowd expansion has led to a further increase in out-of-the-way penetration rates. Cost dividends are released, costs are controlled more steadily, and profit levels are rising steadily.
< < Dong Poon Beverages: 10 billion after a push, platform ratio +4.3 pct to 45.8%, fast-growing sales lead to an upscaling effect, plus a pet lock at lower prices and lower white sugar prices, with a marked increase in the Māori rate. q3 sales/management/research and development cost ratio
< < Dong Poon beverages: Nationalization is positive, q2 cabinets are expensive, further enhances the effect of freezing displays and obtains the Olympics visualization enhancement brand < < Dong Poon beverages: smooth opening red > > .
Shows a slight increase in the cost of sales and a more stable overall cost. q3 net interest rate is the same as the ratio.
Beverage: q3 continues to grow, nationalization accelerates, q3 continues to grow, and nationalization accelerates.
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report