Deep nationalization, water-rehydration performance event: q1-q3 received $12,558 million, compared to \triangleright, in the third quarter of 2024.
According to the structure of the product, which benefited from the rapid growth of the national market, the income from the consumption of East Peng was between 27.7 and 36.52 billion yuan per annum; the income from the rehydration of East Peng was between +299.6 and 735 million yuan per annum per annum; other beverage products were added to the refrigerator before the season, with a slight increase in the cost of sales.
In summary, the ratio of management costs under the scale effect increased rapidly, with a ratio of -0.6 pct to 2.4 per cent, with 2024q3 net return profit of +78.42 per cent to 977 million yuan, with the same net return ratio as \triangleright
Profit predictions and investment proposals: The company continues to grow deep in Guangdong Province, while the distribution system and the business team are improving in the provinces, and we believe that the company's energy beverages are expected to grow better in the national market. Looking ahead, in 2024, we think that we have a better price advantage and a better channel in East Peng.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, growth of new products less than expected, nationalization less than expected
Wei-Jin Zhang, Wuhan University of Technology, double degree in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, then entering the white wine.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, USA, followed by two years of research, development and operation in the dairy giant Saputo, and one year of experience in food and beverage research.
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (Deep Study Chongqing Beer, Huayun Beer, Qingdao Beer), beverages (Deep Study Farmer Springs, Dong Ping Bing Bing, Happy Homes), low-drink (In-depth Study of Peon shares).
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.