In the first three quarters of 2024, the pre-performance announcement was rated: "Back-to-go" and "Back-to-cost" and "q3" was more than expected.
▪ Events: The company issued an advance notice on its performance for the first three quarters of 2024. 3 3 3
The company has always “directed related business activities by marketing” as a clear consensus of the company, and continues to push forward into the nationalization strategy, promoting the sustainability of end-covering targets; and (2) continued strengthening of the frozen construction, increasing the exposure of the whole product and boosting the sale of the end-points, which we measured for the first half of the year.
Growth contributions exceed 10 pct. and are expected to continue to be enhanced during the 24o3 season; 3) quality of products has worked, sub-news have contributed significantly, and in recent years the company has been actively exploring multi-producer development on a sustained and long basis, fostering new growth points, sugar-free tea, and agglomerations.
Curry and rehydration have shown their potential, and this year 's high-speed use of the water has led to a much more catalytic response from the people and the marketing of ad hoc projects.
The net interest rate of 24q3 is 19.94 per cent:) plus 2.72 pct., mainly due to the higher sales of major products, the effect of scale, and the lower cost of major raw materials, the fall in embryonic costs in the pet bottle.
With the increase, the q2 freeze was shown as more input in front of q1, while the q3 was shown with an additional enhanced freeze, followed by an increase in marketing costs for the Olympic Games, and not only did the Dong Peng beverages become a partner in the transmission of gold to the Paris Olympics in 2024 by the central television station, but also by the East Peng.
The theme is "The Power of Dong Peng", which promotes global marketing. East Peng beverages (605499): Three-quarterly reports, 2021,
Question: A steady rise in sales, new products with new beverage taps, already in the first series of beverages: 1) in the mainstream category of the weather track, big monolithics, good growth and long life cycle; 2) innovation and gradual enrichment of the product matrix and
New products perform well; 3) market inputs and channels sink in a multi-dimensional way. Terminal size and fine management are important for beverage businesses, with company terminal size first entering the first camp pk traditional old class leader, with digital operations leading, size growing and investment values.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's business acquisition in 2024, with costs, new products, competition, etc. Maintains the “buy-in” rating in the light of macro-diversion and changing consumer valuation directions.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.