Second curve acceleration, nationalization progressing steadily on October 31, 2024 \triangleright
\triangleright \tangleright \tung Poon rehydrated \ \ Other beverages received 10507/1211/812 million, equal to Wang Sheihai \
Full-source precision farming strategy in which the core product, the East Ponto, maintains a steady growth in drinking, while the second-growth curve speeds up the rate of distribution of the terminal points.
The Department ' s nationalization profile is deepening, the core market in the Guangdong region is growing at a steady pace, and the share rate is falling. 1. Dopium beverages (605499.sh) were reported in mid-2024: high growth performance is sustained, medium-term dividends are raised to improve shareholder returns - 20
Review: The high performance of a quarterly report can continue to strengthen the ice freeze for the war season. The cost dividend multiplier effect drives a significant improvement in the Māori rate and a sustained increase in profitability. Company - 2024/04/24
The price of materials has fallen and the scale effect has contributed. At the cost end, the nationalization strategy of 24q3 sales/management/research and development/fiscal q4 has continued.
Overall control was good, with a slight increase in sales rates mainly due to the company ' s increased advertising and freezer drops during the season, as well as an increase in sales personnel ' s remuneration.
Investment proposals: The company will continue to advance the process of nationalization, fully implement the multi-goods strategy, improve its ability to build brand assets, optimize internal management, and strengthen the talent ladder.
National layout of product production and distribution networks, increased down-swing of channels, increased single-point output, and continuous upgrading of companies ' effects to increase profit quality - 2023/04/25 Share of the energy beverages market and active research and development, and storage of other healthy and efficient drinking products to meet consumer consumption needs
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.