The second curve is in shape, and the nationalization is continuing.
The core is growing steadily, and the second curve is strong. The company's core is continuing its monolithic pontoon, with a robust growth rate of $10.507 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 31.34 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Of this amount, the single q3 battalion received 3,652 million yuan, an increase of 27.73 per cent. The steady growth of core monoliths provides a solid basis for the release of new products.
At the present time, it has been successfully constructed with energy beverages at its core, covering coffee beverages, electrolytic drinks, tea beverages, pre-arranged cocktails, vegetable protein beverages, and more plentiful packaging series.
A comprehensive and balanced product matrix has been developed, and we believe that the company is moving steadily from a single to a multi-grade comprehensive drink group. The nationalization is continuing, with strong direct and online channels.
732.9 million yuan, an increase of 55.10 per cent over the same period; the Guangdong market in the main camp performed well, with a growth channel of 327.1447 million yuan on the first three quarters, corresponding to 2024h1, with 2,982 company distributor partners and a distribution network covering the entire country.
The Department has continued to promote a national development strategy, enabling network penetration and extension, and will continue to improve the national layout of the distribution network and enhance the downside.
The quality of the statements is excellent, and the production performance profile is perfect. In the last three quarters, the company increased its Māori ratio by 2.53 times the same time.
"Continuing the growth of all-line products, accelerating the pace of nationalization." The layout is constantly improving. In March, the foundation of the Tianjin Production Base and the official Changsha Production Base.
In April, the production base in Mid-Mountain was contracted through nine production bases established in key areas - 16/04/2024 - to enhance the coverage of the domestic market, reduce the cost of logistics transport and make it a multi-goods category
The strategy’s deepening provides a solid basis for implementation. The company has continued to grow in the last three quarters, while continuing to refine the market in the Greater East, actively opening the country’s markets, actively nurturing and developing a diversified product matrix on the basis of solid energy beverages, and
The company is steadily moving from a single to a multi-species comprehensive drink group, and with the rapid growth of new products and the expansion of nationalization, we expect the company to earn 24-26 years of business income.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has worked diligently and professionally to produce this report independently and objectively and to ensure that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, that the author’s research views are clearly and accurately reflected, and that any conclusions are not in any third position.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.