A significant improvement in the 2023q3 performance ring, with the capping of the base plate contributing to the growth of performance A significant improvement in the 2023q3 performance ring on the deep south circuit (002916.sz), a smooth advance in fc-bga operations and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company realized $9,461 million in revenue, i.e., 9.77 per cent of the year; the mother's net profit was $908 million, and the head of the sealing board was expected to grow rapidly as capacity was released, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
In the area of communications, the company has achieved a steady increase in its share of the existing client base and has stepped up its efforts to develop new clients. In the area of data centres, some of the downstream client stocks have been replenished, and the company will continue to focus on outreach and actively seize opportunities for subsequent egs platforms.
In the area of auto-electronics, the need for new customers’ targeted projects that companies imported in the previous period has gradually been released, while existing customer projects have been developed in depth. The successful uphilling of the three-phased plant in South Tong also provides production support for the import of orders.
● The high-level products of the envelope board are well developed, the stagnating capacity is released and the demand is warmer, the demand in the semiconductor sector is low, the company's operations in the envelopes have fallen to varying degrees, but the company continues to build up and the production capacity is moving well. At the end of the product: fc-bga is already in the middle of the package.
The first half of the year, short-term performance pressure, the ic board gave certification to the client, and the technological development of high-level products is well in the middle and advanced stages, which will be the driving force for public, long-term development - corporate information update report.
The future growth of the Division’s performance continues to give rise to a growth momentum. Energy: the Guangzhou sealing board project is progressing well, and is expected to be operational on the 2023q4 link.
The company’s performance is expected to grow rapidly.