Helium petrochemicals (600346).
The company is committed to the development of a world-class whole-of-industry chain “refining - to dimbenzene, ethylene-pta, ethylene-civil silk, industrial silk, engineering plastics, polyester film”, owning
The basic ps is 0.98 yuan, with an average of 22.77 per cent Roe. Of these, a net return of 20 million tons of petroleum refining projects was achieved in the third quarter and the largest single-body installation in the world, at $2.796 billion.
The firm’s cash flow has improved significantly as a result of the complete overhaul of the refining project. 20 million tons/year refining integration.
The project has been completely consolidated in two stages, of which 26.2 billion have been converted to fixed assets in construction work in the third quarter. The refining item 2019-3-13 issued no more than $5 billion in corporate debt, producing 1,266.7 million tons of finished oil and 25.13 million tons of chemical products in the third quarter, fully benefiting from this year.
Lower crude oil prices make a better profit. According to our calculations, the stabilization period after full investment in the refining project will bring about a net cash flow of close to $13 billion per year to companies, with a single quarterly net cash flow of $3.25 billion to support the repayment of bank loans and post-project construction.
The strong profitability of refining projects stems from the advantages of integration and the lower cost of financing. The net return to the mother for the third quarter is 2,787 million yuan, a decline in the ring ratio. This is due to the consumption tax paid by the company for the third quarter, $540 million, the additional financial cost of repaying interest on bank loans, $510 million, and solidity.
The amount of depreciation of fixed assets is higher than in the second quarter. Given that the overall load of the company is still increasing in the third quarter, there is still room for improving profits from the refining project, and our dynamic tracking project achieves an average annual net profit of $9.4 billion. The firm’s strong profitability stems from logistics, electricity, and the integration of parks.
Strength cost advantages, and lower bank loan financing costs. The syndicate gave the company a medium- and long-term loan for the vinyl ethylene project to speed up the sprint, and the company's jet fuel was evaluated by sea.
The company has the capacity to produce 3.7 million tons of aviation kerosene per year. In addition, the ethylene project was finally hit by the target of production. The company’s pta4 and pta5 production lines are also being built in a very intensive manner, and will continue to boost the company’s performance in the future.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Oil prices are eight times higher than we are at the lower inter-segregated business refining project. We look forward to the company’s future development and maintain a “very recommended” rating.
Helium petrochemicals (600346).
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Helium petrochemicals (600346): the refining project was launched to improve cash flow ethylene.
Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Cinghua, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, cfa holder, three years of experience in chemical engineering. Many international leading academic journals, with 5 national and international patents, and more than 10 papers from leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, cfa.
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Reaction Engineering, University of Qinghua, 3 years of experience in chemical engineering and research in the chemical industry, starting in 2015, research assistant brief, Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Tarsa, United States of America, 4 years of experience in overseas chemical engineering, joined Dong Shing in May 2018
Xu Kunlen Benko and M.A. both attended the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua and worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development, and click here to enter text.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.