The Center for Resource and Environmental Research predicts the best level of neutral q3 performance for the same period of time.
Three quarters of helium petrochemical oil refinery profits have increased significantly. Three quarters of helium petrochemical oil – the original oil price gap has recovered markedly.
The ability of petrochemicals to make excess profits has not changed. In comparison with two months of refinery profits in the second quarter, we expect that the overall load ring of the constant petrochemical device in the third quarter will be about 10% higher than in the second quarter, and that it will be able to contribute around 2.2 months of profit. In terms of price differentials, the base price difference for the refinery has increased.
Crude oil purchases loss on exchange: three quarters of a significant one-way change in the United States dollar/PRC exchange rate, from 6.8444 on 30 June to 7.1480 on 30 September, and the devaluation of the renminbi, pta less profitable: three quarters of the px-pta chain profit after two quarters of high profits
Narrowing. On the one hand, the recurrent influence of the US-China trade war on polyester end demand has resulted in a contraction of profits for each link in the industrial chain, and on the other hand, the deterioration of supply and demand patterns caused by the future launch of the Pta phase of the New Phoenix Episcopian Energy Project and the constant pta-4/5.
We predict that the neutral performance of the Helium petrochemical q3 is expected to be the best level of chemistry for the same period! We expect that the three-quarterly net profit on the helium will be around $3.1 billion (as a result of a 2.2-month profit scenario).
In the third quarter of 2017 (contribution of full three months of profits), the maximum profit was $3.48 billion, and we increased the company ' s net profit from 2019 from $9 billion to $10.2 billion, due to the increase in the price of finished goods in the country and a slightly lower than expected cost of helium petrochemicals.
1. Crude oil single-way large-scale decline risk 2. Serious deterioration in demand for textile clothing 3. Policy and external export Risk for the sale of finished oils due to quota restrictions 4. Geopolitic risk 5. Project schedule/load is not as fast as anticipated.
Theatre 9. Downward risk in the global economic cycle 10. Other force majeure impacts. I. Three-quarter price differentials in the refinery have expanded over the second quarter, and profits are expected to rise to a new high. 1. Three-quarter differentials in the refinery has expanded over the second quarter.
The price spread of the Helium Refinery Ring has increased significantly over the second quarter. Based on the researchable data of the Helium Refinery Initial Refinery, we can see the finished product structure of 4.61 million tons of gasoline, 1.61 million tons of diesel fuel, 3.71 million tons of kerosene, and 540,000 tons of base oil (currently Category II, we should be able to produce three types of base oil in the future).
The difference in the price of the finished product of the Helium Refinery is determined in two parts, on the one hand by the base price differential of the refinery, and, on the other, by defining the base price differential of the refinery on a researchable basis. On the other hand, in a highly profitable environment, by adjusting the process to reduce the output of the finished oil and increasing the capacity of the chemical product.
Our approach is to use the base price differential as the basis for judging the changes in the performance of the finished oil. Since the price difference is greater than zero, it is based on the base price difference.
If the arbitrage is less than zero, the firm lacks arbitrage. Based on the research of the Helium Refinery, we define the base price differential of the Helium Refinery as (0.461* difference in gasoline +0.161* diesel + 0.371* difference in coal oil prices + 0.054* difference in base oil prices) /1.05.
The price difference determines the refinery’s profitability of oil (oils include gasoline, diesel, kerosene, base oil). The base price difference has been calculated to increase from $849 to $1061 per ton in the second quarter, with a profit increase of $210 per ton.
The capacity load of the refinery will determine the size of the profitability, as the Helium refinery became fully operational on 17 May, and the whole body load of the Helium refinery was lower in the second quarter due to load lifting; based on the reported operating data, the total output of the Helium 2 quarter chemical and oil products was
Two hundred and seventy-one thousand tons of oil and total chemical output, about 1.97 months of output at the refinery; according to the reported progress of production, the constant refining unit has not yet been fully stabilized.
The load should be stabilized at more than 80%. We assume that the third quarter of the first line is a negative 90% of the unresolidated part (the second line) and we think it is time-weighted average of 40% of the load before it is stabilized, and then 80% of the load after it is fixed. The fixed point is assumed to be mid-August. Then the second line is able to pay in the third quarter.
A 60% load (calculated by (1.5*40% + 1.5*90%)/3. We assume that the second line is solidified one month after disclosure. The second line is stable at about 80% after consolidation. The first line is stable at around 90%.
It should be stable at about 75% overall. Compared to the 65.7% of the production load in the second quarter, the second line in mid-August is being re-established on the assumption that, theoretically, the whole of the Helium refinery should be increased by about 10% – a marked depreciation of the RMB against the dollar in the third quarter. This phenomenon is stylized.
Oil is purchased in United States dollars. Foreign-exchange losses are significant in the form of foreign exchange flows of finished oil sold in renminbi.
On 30 June, the yuan was 6.8444 to the dollar, while on 30 September it was 5 million tons to the dollar, amounting to approximately 35.5 million barrels, at an average cost of $61.92 per barrel.
A gain or loss on exchange of 1.5 per cent could affect the company’s refining industry’s performance of about $250 million. If crude oil were to be replenished during the period, the loss on exchange would increase; and if crude oil were to go to stock, the loss on exchange would be reduced accordingly.
4. Analysis of the performance of the refineries, in terms of price differentials and time cycles, there is a significant expansion in the theory of profitability of the single-ton product of the long-range refineries, which makes the theoretical three-quarter ring to two-quarter profit response.
In mid-August, under the assumption that the second line would be re-established, the refinery’s main product production would increase by about 10%, and the profits of one ton of finished oil would increase by $210. But, from the point of view of exchange, there would be about $250 million in exchange rates for the purchase of raw materials for the refineries.
Loss on exchange, thus lowering the performance of the refinery. Under the assumption of the overall consolidation of the refinery in mid-August, the three-quarter longitudinal refinery performance is expected to be divided into two.px-pta-polyester differences
The px price gap has been largely maintained. The px price gap continues to narrow, as more px products in Asia are earning less than $300/tonne. While the future pattern of px supply is nationalized, the domestic import of px is still part of the country’s import base, and it is difficult to lower import profits to Japan and Korea’s cost.
There is little room for the domestic px-oil chain to continue to compress profits in the short term. The pta-px price gap for the third quarter has been remarkably narrow. The pta profit for the second quarter of 2019 created the highest price margin for the same period. The Chinese-American trade battles continued in July-August, with no end-tailoring component for polyesters.
Breaks impact. When the demand side is affected, no segment of the industry is able to maintain high profits. According to the middle-fibre network, the constant pta is delayed for three quarters and loads are high. 2.2 million tons/year pta-1 on 8 October, and the pta-1 will be 22.2 million when the pta-1 is completed.
The profit on the polyester portion of hemolysified petrochemicals is relatively robust in the second and third quarters. Due to the strong variation in the polyesters of the hemolysified polyesters, the performance of single-ton polyesters is relatively low compared to that of several other polyester taps, and industry figure 7: Fdy-pta price differentials (excluding taxes, in dollars/tons)
Figure 8: px - Previous oil price differential (in yuan/tons) Overall, the pta industrial chain has a narrow physical price difference of approximately $380 per ton compared to the second quarter, of which the px-former oil price gap has narrowed by $231 and the px-pta price difference by $235.
PX-pta-polyester production, based on a single-season output of 4.08 million tonnes (4.34 million tonnes divided by four quarters) and pta 1.75 million tonnes (7 million tonnes divided by four quarters), is calculated to be a three-quarter profit for hemospheric petrochemicals: assuming that the Hemospheric Refinery was re-established in mid-August
Billion dollars (considering load-lifting process, approximately 2.2 months of profit contribution) and px-pta industry, about 660 million dollars of decline and 250 million dollars of loss on exchange, so we think it's a three-quarter, four-month period (the refining is expected to make a full three-month profit, taking into account that pta's profits are being invested by the new Phoenix).
Production expectations are suppressed, and the company’s overall profits are projected to be the same as in three quarters) $3.1 billion. This would also mean that the constant fossilization rate would have been around $10 billion in 2019, when the refinery was driving.
At the conference, Chairman Chen Jianhua of the Helium Group requested that the construction be completed on October 30th, 2019. According to the normal driving schedule of the chemical unit, the helium unit is expected to be partially equipped by the end of the year. (Chemical units usually drive backwards, start with public works, and then profit downstream.)
We're thinking that there's a certain increase in the oil-refining load in four quarters, and once the synergies between the ethylene-led chemical device and the oil-refining device are demonstrated, it's good to note that the most profitable chemical company in the country today, apart from three barrels of oil.
Industry. Compared with the performance of the same time period, the constant petrochemical rate is likely to be close to the high performance of the same time period (the highest performance in the same period was recorded in the third quarter of 2017, with a net gain of $3.453 billion in the same period).
Figure 9: Million Quarter Net Profit (in billions of yuan) 1. Risk of a large-scale one-way drop in crude oil.
Saudi crude oil production has returned to normal, while Iran’s crude oil exports have been difficult to return to zero at the outset, putting some pressure on oil prices. Although Opec’s production is declining, there is still a risk that oil prices will continue to fall sharply on a one-way basis, with a risk of loss of stocks of crude oil and products for the refinery.
Project progress/load is not as high as expected 2.1 device load fluctuations  The project may have experienced fluctuations in the installation of new equipment/processes during the trial production period due to initial commissioning
3. Serious demand for textile clothing has deteriorated.
The Chinese-American trade war has continued with repeated shocks to the garment chain downstream of polyesters. Under the conditions of force majeure, there is a risk of serious deterioration in demand for textile clothing.
For chemicals, however, controls are relatively loose and free trade is possible. Helium petrochemicals pose a risk of sales of finished oils because they do not have a zero-line supply of finished oils and export quotas.
10. Impact of other force majeure Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as average market investment