Material material  New materials in the north: exchange gains and losses affect current performance, waterproofing shifts to construction materials integrated service providers Events: 9817 million yuan (+3.2 per cent) in corporate revenues in the first three quarters of 2019, net parentage
The growth rate slowed, but the company’s capacity continued to expand in a reverse manner, with a steady increase in the city’s occupancy rate and a combination of stability and growth in terms of the size, channels and branding of the company. Given that exchange q3 was affected by exchange gains and losses in 19 years, performance was lower than anticipated.
Total market value/flow (million dollars) resulted in a certain exchange loss on settlement costs in United States litigation, resulting in a slightly lower performance in the three quarters than the highest/minimum 12 months
Prior performance forecast. If the impact of settlement costs in United States litigation is excluded, the first three quarters of the company has been reduced by 0.56 per cent in terms of the company's operations by the amount of $744 million in net profit on the return of the mother.
In the future, we'll be able to measure q3 sales of about 560 million square metres, an increase of about 4 per cent over the same year, the increase in sales from the year before, and the overall increase in production and sales: at the price end, we'll be measuring 1903.
The overall average price of the gypsum sheet is about 5.8 yuan per square metre, the same average, the ring is about 2 per cent higher, thanks to percentage points and the ring is about 1.2 percentage points higher, and we judge that the company's Māori rate has risen, on the one hand, as a result of the restructuring of the company's internal product, and on the other hand because of the mask.
The cost of paper continues to fall, the company Thailand and the paper industry have their own production and waste quotas, and their bargaining power is prominent; Second, as the capacity of the company expands, the scale effect becomes more visible and production costs decline; and, in our view, 19 years of supply and demand patterns have led to a certain decline in prices on a par with public prices.
The high-presence rate supports the strong pricing power, 17 years of price increases have fully validated the firm’s super-negotiating capacity, and companies will in the future look for price balances under the combination of a market share and a profit level. Building a highly cash-flowing enterprise with a higher cost during the q3 period. 19q3 is operating net cash.
Flows of 698 million yuan, about 10 per cent lower than the previous year, of which the three-quarter collection ratio was about 1.11 x, cash, still low indebtedness rates in manufacturing enterprises, strong balance sheets of companies and sufficient cash flows, guaranteed steady operations while paying off interest-bearing liabilities, optimizing debt structures, short-term companies
The impact resulted in a small increase in the financial cost of q3; the cost for the period of q3 was 13.1 per cent, up from about 3 pccs in Piti, with sales costs raised by 3.5 pcs on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of increased transportation costs, advertising and exhibition costs for the company and its affiliates.
In the area of water protection, construction of integrated building blocks: During the reporting period, companies acquired Sichuan sheep protection materials. Sichuan sheep protection materials were the largest water protection company in the southwest region, with four industrial bases: Chengdu, Yingshan, Xianyang, and Kyujiang, with net profits of 6911 in 18 years.
Ten thousand yuan, with a net interest rate of more than 10 per cent, and an overall asset of better quality; with the introduction of new materials in the North, it is hoped that the future will be quick and strong, depending on its financial and industrial advantages; and that the sub-water sector will continue to develop in a mixed manner, and that the entry of the new North as an investor in this area will accelerate market integration, increase industrial concentration, and
It marks the transformation of the company into an integrated construction material service provider.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.