Qingdao beer demand recovered rapidly in three quarters, resulting in a slight increase in the cost rate of Maori: Qingdao beer revealed a three-monthly report in 2022. 3q22 achieved a revenue of $9.84 billion, i.e. +16.0 per cent;
The net profit/deduction from the mother is $141.1.12.7 billion, compared with +18.4 per cent/+20.1 per cent. The three-quarterly report of Qingjia Beers was evaluated thousands of litres, with an average ton price of $3999.1 per thousand litres, compared with +2.8 per cent/+5.8 per cent in the third quarter.
Adding the low base of the same period last year, the company’s sales in the third quarter grew by double digits, exceeding the industry’s average water ratio (+9.4%).
In terms of prices, the impact of macro-related factors, such as lower consumer confidence and lower consumer willingness, on the beer-upgrading process is beginning to be felt. The structural upgrading of the product of 3q22 has slowed down, with a ton price increase (+4.9 per cent) being lower than that of the first half of the year (+6.5 per cent) compared with that of the same period last year (+6.3 per cent).
The cost upswing has resulted in a slight decrease in the Māori rate and steady optimization of the cost of spending. 1) Māori ratio: influenced by the large increase in barley prices, the company ' s Māori rate for the third quarter has not benefited from the increase in tonnage resulting from structural upgrades, down to 38%, corresponding to -0.2pt (after removing the impact of accounting standard adjustments), ring ratio-0.3pt. Due to Māori ratio
The increase in profits in three quarters was not as high as we expected. 2) Costs were invested: the outbreak that occurred in the second quarter delayed the process of advertising in some of the regions, the company increased its sales costs in the third quarter (the company ' s 3q22 sales cost ratio ring + 3.0 pct, same year + 1.3 pct), but it was placed in full.
Overall spending has maintained a steady downward trend over the years. Corporate sales/management/finance outlook for the future in 1-3 quarters: there is still much room for product structural upgrading, with significant long-term competitive advantages. (1) In the short term: with the arrival of the World Cup in November, the digestion of mid-autumn preparations and the early demand for supplies due to spring,
The rise in the price of the company’s products in tons will continue, but the pace of growth may be influenced by macro-factors. At the same time, with the fall in raw material prices (especially the repair of barley prices), the company will be profitable.
Capacity is expected to increase further. (2) In the long term: we believe that there is still much room for structural upgrading in the beer industry. In a competitive strategy, companies play a matrix of “1+1+n” products, driving the sale of other ultra-new products through the development of two classic, pure core product series; focus on the “two-way” zone.
The size of the base market, which is based on the market price of 31 October 2022, and excellent branding, constitute the company’s core competitive advantage.
Changes in consumer willingness affect demand, the cost of raw materials fluctuates, and the impact of the epidemic is more than expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations