Investment rating: double-digit growth in total purchases (maintenance) .q3 and slightly slower growth in sales of Qingjia's brand than in other brands
In terms of sales, in the first three quarters of 2022, companies accumulated 727.9 thousand litres of beer sales, with prices increasing by 2.8 per cent compared to the trend in the depth of Qin 300, and a total of 255.9 thousand litres of beer in the q3 quarter, representing an increase of 10.6 per cent.
The sales performance was remarkable, mainly due to the recovery of the consumer scenes below July and August, and the increase in the consumption of beer due to high temperatures. By product, the q3 quarter master/other brand sales were estimated at 135.3/120.6 million litres, an increase of 7.7 per cent to 14.1 per cent, on the one hand because of the outbreak in some parts of the region in September.
Medium- and high-end beer consumption scenes are missing, hampering the process of structural upgrading, and, on the other hand, as a result of heat, the weather has stimulated more rapid incremental growth in the demand for beer consumption among the general population. The structural upgrading, together with direct price increases, has led to an increase in average prices, with a slight slowdown in the q3-quarterly average price increase.
In terms of average prices, in the previous three quarters, the company collected 3999.2 per thousand litres of wine, or 5.8 per cent of the year; of these, 3844.2 per thousand litres of alcohol, or +4.85 per cent of the year, mainly driven by product structural upgrading and direct price increases; but the q3 ring price was equal to q2 ($388.4 per thousand)
A slight decline, mainly due to the faster release of other brand products and the slower pace of product structural upgrading. The Maori rate is largely affected by the rise in the price of raw materials, which rose by a thousand litres in the previous three quarters, with a 5.69 per cent increase in the cost of alcohol compared to the previous three quarters, the structural upgrading of the product and the direct price increase being a complete hedging cost pressure.
The Māori rate rose from 0.06 pct to 38.06% over the same period.
• Increased investment in sales costs, higher efficiency in administrative costs, net interest rates remain at the same rate, with firm sales/management/R & D/financial costs rising rapidly in the first three quarters of 2022 and significant changes in profitability, respectively
Increased drop-in costs and sales staff incentive costs; reduced management costs by 1.07 pct to 3.90 per cent on a year-on-year basis, further demonstrating the efficiency gains of the company; R & D/financial cost rate 2. Qingdao beer depth report: high-end strategy rejuvenation
The company’s profitability continues to increase. Q2 is starting to show a strong recovery in terms of price increases, and q3 is back on top of the drinking scene.
Driven by hot weather, the company’s total sales and structure continue to be visible, laying a good foundation for year-round performance. At the cost end, the price of packages such as aluminium, glass, tiles, etc. has been falling since q2, the cost of q3 tons has begun to shrink, q4 has entered the light season of beer consumption, and the cost of packages is expected to fall.
The profit promotion effect will be more evident next year. In the medium- and long-term, the pins have a competitive mix of classic, pure and white products in the upper middle and middle levels, and the brands and channels are thick and the channel structures are more diverse, contributing to the implementation of high-quality development strategies.
Internationally well-known beer brands, companies still have much scope for greater profitability in the future, driven mainly by product structural upgrading and the continuous build-up of mass efficiency gains. The epidemic is expected to develop beyond expectations; prices of raw materials continue to rise; macroeconomic downward pressure increases; and food products.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.