Q3 sales have increased and high-end growth has steadily advanced: Qingdao's three-quarterly reports, 2022q1-3 yielding $29.110 billion, or +8.73 per cent of the year; Q3's return net profit of $4.267 billion, or +18.17 per cent of the year.
The q3 sales have increased as a result of the high season of beer consumption and the heat of the weather. 2022q3 has earned $9,837 million, or +16 per cent, from the \triangleright industry; and it has benefited better from the heat of the summer this year, from natural marketing.
The sales volume was 256,000 litres, equal to +10.7 per cent, with a sharp increase in speed; a thousand litres of alcohol earned $3844, equal to +4.8 per cent, with a slowdown in the q1 and q2 thousand litres of alcohol, mainly q3 beers, consumption of sub-brands such as Wang Yushan, which grew faster, and companies raised prices for some of the region's products in the first half of the year.
As a result, major brands have achieved 1.35 million litres of sales, compared to +7.7 per cent, or 53 per cent, deputy brands, or 1.12 million litres, or 47 per cent, respectively, and fast-growing brands. Q3 sales in middle and above have grown better than in the first half of the year.
84,000 litres were achieved, +11.7 per cent, or 33 per cent, and 1.72 million litres, or +10.2 per cent, or 67 per cent, were achieved from mid-year \triangleright.
-0.2 pct, under the high prices of barley at the beginning of the year and oil prices, the cost of 1,000 litres of wine was +5.2 per cent per annum, faster than the rate of increase in the income of 1,000 litres per annum + 4.8 per cent, and the cost of q3 sales was 11.2 per cent per annum, +1.3 pct per annum; the management cost was 3.9 per cent per annum-0.5 pt; and the net profit of the mother was 1,415 million yuan.
The profit forecast and investment rating: the beer industry has a clear pattern and the high-end logic has fulfilled its performance, but there is some disagreement in the market about the elasticity of Aoshima's beer.
An accelerated upgrade of the structure of the field products + cost-effectiveness relative to improved release of profit elasticities will exceed market expectations, risk factors: repeated outbreaks, increased competition for high-end beer, rising prices of raw materials, faster release of profits
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The study focused on breaking down the industry and the shares, focusing on valuations and safety margins. Personality: walking-out food drinks research.
A solid industry study of temperature, combined with a stock understanding effort to create prices for investors, masters, graduate from the Central University of Finance, two years of food and beverage research and two years of bond research.
The master's degree in financial science, graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics of Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Jo Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhang Wai-hyun, Wuhan Polytechnic, two degrees in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the wine industry, first-line sales in the cellars, Dukang, Shelde wine industry.
At mid- and low-end prices, there is practical exercise experience, strong industrial thinking, rich wine circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially in analysing the patterns of sub-high-end competition. Choray, a Master of Food Science research, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and left beauty in milk for the next two years.
It is now mainly in dairy products (in-depth research on the shares of Elie, Montagnarous milk industry, excellent bluedo, Carbo-Yo, etc.). Tang Jing, Bachelor of Arts, Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in fast-drinking industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, etc.
There's an idea for high-end white wine. It's good at marketing the future of alcohol based on available data and market moves. Wang Xueqian, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer, water, beverage, deep research on Chinese beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.