Qingdao beer (60000.sh) has increased its performance during the 22q3 season and the high-end process is still ongoing.
On October 26, 2022, operating income was 9.837 billion yuan, an increase of 16.00 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of 1,415 million yuan to the mother, a decrease in sales recovery and a boost to the growth of the 22q3 epidemic.
Market data: 26 October 2022, 1,000 litres, + 2.78% year-on-year; ton alcohol price: $3999 per kilolitre, +5.79% year-on-year.
The price of alcohol is $3844 per kilolitre, compared to +4.85 per cent in the first half of the year. After the repeated effects of the epidemic, sales were put under pressure by the company q3 to launch a summer storm during the season, while sales increased considerably in July-August, supported by a reduction in the epidemic and a high incidence of heat in the ground, although local outbreaks have spread since September.
Basic data: September 30, 2022, but with a low-consumption season, the company will have less impact. Meanwhile, three quarters of the current drinking channels are warming up every month, demand for high- and middle-grade products is back up, and tonnage levels are still on the upward trend; and the volume is rising.
The \triangleright price has stabilized the Māori contribution rate. The cost pressure on raw materials has slowed since 22q3 and is due to the middle stage.
Brand sales have grown faster, with the combined Māori rate for the third quarter of the company largely flat, the first three quarters profitable, Chen Zhenzhi, the twin challenges of epidemic and cost pressures, and companies improving operational efficiency through continuous optimization of their management systems.
Since q3 last year, costs have begun to rise significantly, future costs will gradually enter the downward route, the 23-year cost fall dividend will be fully released, and corporate profitability will stabilize. In the medium to long term, companies will continue to upgrade their product portfolios, while improving their terminal layouts.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not, for no reason, nor will I be guided by the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The person undertakes not to use information held in his or her identity, position or practice for his or her own personal gain or for the personal gain of another person.