q3 performance growth robustly, with high-end processes continuing, Qingdao beer (600,600) 3rd quarter 2022 performance rating event: company issued performance bulletins for 3rd quarter 2022.
Corporate q3 performance increased robustly. The company achieved business income of $29.110 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 8.73 per cent in the same year, and a net return of $4.267 billion, an increase of 18.17 per cent in the same year.
Consumption scenes, such as catering channels, are recovering in three quarters, while benefiting from the catalytic s0340121020013 high-temperature weather during this year ' s season of beer consumption, adding to the low base for the same period last year, with firm growth in corporate q3 performance on a year-on-year basis
Long. 2022q3, the company achieved a business income of $9,837 million, an increase of 16.00 per cent over the same period; the process of high-end integration of the company huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn is advancing steadily. In the course of its development, the company actively opens markets and continues to do so.
Promoting brand optimization and product structural upgrading, accelerating the integration and optimization of the “1 (Qingdao Classic)+1 (Qingdao Pure)+n” product mix, innovative marketing models, high-end processes, and steady progress. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved cumulative sales of 7.279 million products.
In the first three quarters of the Qingjia brand, 395.3 thousand litres of products were sold, a 4.5 per cent increase over the previous quarter, 24.98 million litres of high- and higher-end products, an 8.2 per cent increase over the same period, and 4.06 percentage points of operating income, mainly due to the re-entry of part of the freight costs from sales costs by the company ' s statistically adjusted caliber
As a leader in the beer industry, the strategy for optimizing the structure of the company’s products is clear. If the disease is returned to normality, demand or gradual recovery, and the company is added up.
The high-end strategy continues, and performance is expected to improve steadily. The “recommend” rating of companies is maintained.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.