Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) incident assessment report Qingdao Beers published three-quarterly reports in 2022.
Performance met expectations, with cash flows sufficient to reach $1 billion (an increase of 18 per cent). Of this amount, 2,022q3 received $9,837 million (and, by the same brand, the company speeded up “1 (Aoshima Classic) + 1 (Aoshima Pure) +n
(New Special Products) “Combined product combinations, with medium- and high-end products continuously growing in size. Quantities split, 2022q1-q3 sold 7.279,000 tons (2.8 per cent increase), corresponding to Qingjia beer sales of 3,953,000 tons (4.5 per cent increase), of which 2022q3 were sold
135.03 million tons (an increase of 7.7 per cent). Other brand sales of 3.3226 million tons, equivalent to 37/30/26 per cent, maintain a “buy-in” investment rating. (600600) Incident evaluation report: performance was overperformed
3 A report by the Chinese Stock Exchange *The Aoshima Beers, the macroeconomic downside risk, the epidemic's consumption, the failure of the season to sell as expected, and a report on the evaluation of the event (600,600): performance.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.