First coverage: good quality of assets, head of the city ' s comptoir - in-depth report of the Beijing Bank (601169.sh)
Good asset quality, the city's comptoir's leader, Beijing Bank covers Beijing Bank for the first time (601169.sh)
The Bank of Beijing is the leader of the city’s comptoirs. The company operates well in Kyoto with local advantages, with significant penetration in Shanghai, Xian, etc., and gradually expands to the region via integration with Kyoto.
The share of non-interestable income is expected to rise further. The company’s income structure is relatively low, with a low share of non-interest income, a relatively deep 300 performance by the Bank of Beijing, a relatively high share of money and bank cards, and a relatively large growth space for investment and financial management, with no-interest income for the next three years.
In addition to regional advantages, companies also have a client advantage: the clients of the Bank of Beijing’s loans are concentrated in education, health, and higher.
In industries such as science and technology, which are dominated by large and medium-sized enterprises, the overall advantage of the quality of the loans is evident. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we predict that the Bank of Beijing will achieve operating income of 46,389 million yuan in 2016-2018 and share gains of $1.16, 1.25 and 1.35, respectively.
At a medium level, but taking into account the Beijing average of other listed comptoirs at a slightly higher rate of expansion of the bank’s assets, combined with a lower estimated value than that of other listed comptoirs, coverage for the first time gives a “growth” rating. Risk factors: 1; less than expected macro-economic growth; affecting asset quality; and 2 excessive cost increases affecting profit levels.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The Bank of Beijing was established in January 1996 by six entities, namely, the former owners of 90 urban credit unions in Beijing and the Beijing Financial and Financial Management Sub-Directorate, in the form of an initial establishment with a registered capital of RMB 1 billion, one of the first urban commercial banks to be established in China. In 2005, the company brought in a company as an offshore strategic investor. On 19 September 2007, the company was placed on the market and raised its capital several times for business development. The company ' s total stock currently stands at RMB 15,386 million.