Net interest rate innovation and high-profile structural optimization are expected to benefit from capital construction in China, iron construction in China, iron construction in China (601186) in 2018.
▪ A minority shareholder gain/loss as a share of net profits has increased significantly, resulting in a lower than expected performance rate. The company’s annual harvest and return rate have fallen by 1 pp/3 pp, respectively, and the minority shareholder gain/loss as a share of net profits has been considered to be at 5.6 pct:
There has been a steady increase in profitability and a record increase in net interest rates. Investment returns have significantly increased profits, financial fees and taxes. The company ' s Māori ratio of 9.78 per cent increased by 0.54 pp and sales/management/finance fees, with a significant increase of 93 per cent over the same period of 5.5 billion, representing an increase in external borrowing required to expand its operations.
The company is expected to benefit fully from capital investment for railways and subways. In particular, the company’s railway construction is a global leader in construction technology in extreme circumstances, with a high share in the railway and subway markets.
About 597.5 billion, 7 of the subway projects, totaling about 773.6 billion, or a strong boost in corporate orders. Capital investments are expected to rebound significantly in 2019, maintain medium- and high-speed growth, and corporate revenues as capital dragons have declined, but sales have increased significantly, and performance in 2019 and are expected to benefit from the warmth of the market.
The company’s real estate operations focus on the three major urban clusters in the east, with the city predominantly on line one and two, earning 36.9 billion in 2018 with a 13% reduction, but contract sales of 93.5 billion are close to the 100 billion mark, a significant 37% increase in comparison, which will have a positive impact on the performance of the coming year, and it is expected to benefit from future property regulation.
1. China Iron Construction Research Report: Railway orders are expected to be pre-arranged.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. Information year 2014: "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting Accurately in Real Estate"
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Tian Jian, China (601186): Net interest rate innovation is highly visible in terms of structural optimization and is expected to benefit from capital warming. My company has no assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor about any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the content of the report in an objective and fair manner, but the points and conclusions in the text are not.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.