The performance of 2024h1 has continued to grow, and profitability has continued to increase
The increase of 22.01 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother is 3,499 million yuan in the same year as the increase is due to lower prices of raw materials upstream, a recovery in downstream car sales, increased demand for products and a sustained increase in the share of single-car-high value-added products.
Increased profitability and optimal sales and management costs. 2024h1 Māori ratio is 0.22 ptt. Mainly, the price of raw materials has declined on a year-on-year basis and the share of high-value-added products in bicycles has continued to rise.
The global layout consolidates the vanguard. Due to the high barriers to entry in the automotive glass industry, the global car glass industry has a higher concentration, with the top four car glass firms in the world together accounting for over 80% of the market share, of which the glass is ranked first, and the global market is over-represented.
More than 30%. The glass invests in production lines overseas to reduce losses and ensure the ability to deliver from globalization. Globalization is robust, with its subsidiary, the glass from the U.S. Ltd., achieving a turnover of RMB 3,211 million in business income in the first half of 2024.
RMB 387 million for net profit, maintaining growth in the same year; net interest rate of 12.05 per cent, an increase of 458 pct over the same year.
It can be expected to increase continuously in recent years. With the trend towards motor cars, “electricization, networking, intellectualization, co-enjoyment”, the proportion of high-value-added products, such as smart panorama glass, head-up displays of glass, modifiable glass, has been increasing, up from the same period in the previous year.
4.82 pct. Continuously optimized product structure, leading to continued upgrading of productasp. Investment proposal: Companies are expected to raise global city coverage through quality, delivery capacity and cost control of good products, adding productasp to the “new quadrupling” trend of automobiles.
Risks; increased risks associated with market competition; alternative risks of technological upgrading; less advanced production capacity-building; risks of policy change in overseas areas; risks of geopolitical events, etc. Research reports, “positive” investors are suitable only for research with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” levels, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of our Division's categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.