The semi-annual performance review for 2024: 2024q2 performance, higher expectations, continued upwards of the BP: the company issued its semi-annual performance report for 2024. The company became operational in the first half of 2024.
Business income of $9.504 billion was realized, a 19.11 per cent increase in the same year and a 7.56 per cent increase in the ring. At the profit end, the company achieved a net return profit of $2,111 million in the 2024q2 quarter, a 9.83 per cent increase in the same year.
The transfer of rights reduces investment earnings by 212 million yuan. If the exchange gains and losses are reversed and the impact of the return on investment returns are reversed, the public increase is mainly due to the company’s continued upgrading of global market shares and bicycles.
▪ The world's leading car glass industry, with its rising share + the growth of its bikesasp driving companies up. 1) In terms of shares, the global industry is concentrated, with three major competitors at lower levels of profitability, lower capital spending, and lower willingness to expand their operations.
With the subsequent release of productive capacities such as the United States-based expansion project, Fuku Qing Export Base and Fukuyo Fertiliser Base, the company's global "Footing Glass" (600660): A quarterly report 2024.
The share is expected to rise further. 2) On the bikeasp, as car intelligence continues, q1 will be evaluated: q1 will perform well, the carbone will grow globally, the car glass will continue to be upgraded, the Hud front, the whole skyscreen will be plated.
Increased penetration of high-value-added products, such as membrane, radiating, etc., double-story edge windows, continues to contribute to the growth in the value of the industry and company bicycles.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: given the company ' s over-expected increase in profitability of 2024q2, we continue to record a high performance of q4 with double-litre catalysts for strong exchange and three financial projections for the Glossy Glass.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.