High-value-added products continue to raise the second-largest growth of the B2C \triangleright net profit is also historically high. 2024h1 Chinese automobile production is +4.9% of the year.
Higher than industry growth, mainly by: 1) companies increase their marketing efforts to promote higher incomes; 2) intelligent skyglasses, radiable glass, glass upsight, ultra-separated glass, light-quantifiable ultra thin glass, plating membrane-heat glass, steel-coated glass, etc., continue to increase, up from the same period in the previous year.
4.82 pct; 3) As a head business in the automotive glass industry, the volume price has risen and the sorption effect has continued to increase, leading to a further increase in profitability: pure alkaline, lower natural gas costs; in cost, R & D costs amounted to $410 million in 2024q2, compared to the same amount
+24.7 +24.7 +0.2 pct to 4.3 % of the corresponding R & D cost, with sustained investment in R & D mainly as a result of sustained R & D efforts to create an engine of car glass globalization into the harvest period. As a driver of car glass, companies account for more than 70% of the domestic market, about 30% of the global market in the car glass industry, and the world is now number one.
In China, the United States, Russia, Europe, etc., there are a lot of layouts and industrial chains such as floating glass, silicon sands, which have a very strong vertical control capacity, and very high barriers to the company’s superior profitability. The combined investment of the Public Administration in December 2023 to date will result in the production of approximately 46.6 million m2 of car safety glass per year, with the prospect of exposure.
Smart electrodynamics drive a continuous upturn in the car industry. Thanks to the development of smart electrodynamics in the automobile industry, Bo \triangleright
(a) Tesla leads the trend of skyglasses, the penetration rate accelerates, the skyscreen glass significantly raises the size of the bicycle glass and thus raises the value of the bicycle attachments; the current average use of bicycle glass has risen to about 3.9-4.5m2, one-fold higher than the use of car glass in the 1950s
The company's strategic collaboration with Kyodong and Beidou intelligence in smart windows to strengthen the layout, the Hud glass, light glass, ultra-segregated glass, etc., has benefited from the industry's penetration rate, and the horizontal expansion of the sam operation continues to increase.
The sam main aluminium arithmetic products, which create synergies with the company’s car glass business, are now steadily moving forward in the process of sam integration, and we expect a gradual improvement in profitability. The aluminum arithmetic can be integrated with the carbs, in line with the client’s modularization and integrated purchasing trends, and the medium- and long-term integration sam is expected to contribute to a sustained increase.
Investment proposals: Corporate globalization is in its harvest stage, global city occupancy is expected to rise, value-added products from the \triangleright products are phased in, and Sam’s profitability will improve. Companies perform well in their 2024q2 performance.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.