The q2 performance was a second-largest growth in the gas industry, and on 30th of July, 2024, \triangleright
In addition, the company lost RMB 1,422 million on 2024h1 and RMB 59,920.89 million on exchange last year, while 2024h1 was terminated in the former Jinno business, and the agreement on the transfer of the remaining 24% in Fukutong, Beijing, reduced the return on investment by $21,2128.8 million, with deductions.
With the exception of gains and losses on exchange and the impact of equity transfers, the company ' s total profits increased by 59.95 per cent in the first half of the year over the same period, with higher performance compared to the ring, and we analysed the reasons for this as: 1) the share of higher value added products continues to rise; 2) as a car glass industry head, the volume is up, and the soaking effect continues to increase, leading to a further increase in profitability.
As a car glass leader, companies account for more than 70% of the country’s capital, and for about 30% of the global market in the car glass industry, the world’s largest. Currently, they are laid out in many parts of China, the United States, Russia, Europe, etc., and in industrial chains like floating glass, silicon sand, etc.
With a very strong vertical control capability and a very high barrier to the company’s ability to make a profit. The combined investment by the Public Administration in December 2023 to date will result in the production of approximately 46.6 million m2 of car safety glass per year, which is expected to hit the country’s skyglasses, export growth and some of its overseas market transport needs.
As a result of the growth in the motor sector, the demand for \triangleright  and functionality has been rising: 1) Tesla leads the skyglass trend and the penetration rate has accelerated.
The skyscreen glass has significantly increased the size of the bicycle glass, thereby increasing the value of the bicycle attachment; the current average use of the bicycle glass has risen to about 3.9-4.5m2, about one-fold higher than the use of the car glass in the 1950s; and 2) the company has worked strategically with the Kyodong and Beidou intelligence in the smart window to strengthen the layout, hud
In February 2019, the company started and started with table sam, \triangleright.
Sam's main aluminium arithmetic products, which create synergies with the company's car glass business, are now steadily moving forward, and we expect a gradual improvement in profitability. Aluminium arithmetic can be integrated with the carbide, in line with the trend in client modelling and integrated procurement, and the medium- and long-term integration of Sam is expected to continue to increase.
Investment proposals: Corporate globalization is in its harvest stage, global city occupancy is expected to rise, value-added products from the \triangleright products are phased in, and Sam’s profitability will improve. Companies perform well in their 2024q2 performance.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.