Glossy glass (600660.0.sh): 24h1 performance over-predicted, leading position highlighted, quantum up for continuous cashing of glossy glass (600660.0.sh)
A fast-track performance report, with 24h1 achieving operating income of $18.34 billion, an increase of 22.0 per cent over the same period; and a real contribution of $600 million over the same period last year, resulting in a reduction in investment returns of $210 million over the same period due to the termination of equity transfers, with the company's total profit of 2024h1 expected to increase in the same year, net of both impacts
The firm’s leading position is solid, and the level of profitability is expected to rise further as market shares continue to rise. In the first quarter, 2024q2 companies achieved operating income of $9.5 billion, an increase of 19.1%.
The ring increased by 7.6 per cent; the net return to the mother increased by 9.8 per cent and the ring increased by 100 per cent over the same period. Compared to the industry, 2024q2 domestic car sales increased by 6,153 million, with more output invested in the same area, higher value-added products increased, and the logic of supporting higher prices continued to materialize.
According to company announcements, the company plans to invest $3.25 billion in a car safety glass project in Fujian Fujian, $5.75 billion in a car safety glass (oem-back market), car parts glass project (arg post-sale maintenance market) and a quality floating glass project totalling $9 billion.
In terms of products, the Department has continued to strengthen technological innovation, increase research and development inputs, promote product upgrading, and increase value-added products such as light-quantifiable ultra thin glass, thermal insulation glass, ar-hud glass, web-linking.
The acce/rfid/5g glass from the antenna, super-large viewing intelligent panorama glass, etc., is gradually yielding, and the share of high-value-added products is better than the continued upscaling of the company’s car glassasp and profit margins. Profit predictions: the glass is the backbone of the domestic car glass, and we look forward to the company’s upgrading through the product.
\triangleright Classes Expansion and the process of globalization continue to expand market shares, raise matching values and acquire super-Suda Securities Inc.
Itd pe is 17, 14 and 11 times the size of the city.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, increased competition in industry, under-capacity building, etc. Gold Cow Award 2018 number 1, new wealth number 2 in 2020, and Xinbo 2020 number 4 core team member. Four years of experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Automobile chain coverage, with emphasis on the Tesla chain, smart cars, autonomous brands.
Xu Guofang, the Master of Applied Economics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as intelligence, new power, and so forth. Part of this is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.