The first three quarters saw steady growth in the performance of the arcium (00201.sz), the release of new production, the maintenance of purchases, the issuance of performance reports for the first three quarters of 18 years, and the first three quarters of operating income of the company of $8.02 billion.
The titanium powder, a highly polluting, energy-intensive industry, has been under environmental stress, some of its backward production capacity has been withdrawn, and in 19 years there has been no additional capacity in the country, except for the company's 200,000 tonnes of chlorination, which is expected to grow steadily with the release of new capacity, coupled with the company's recent high-scoring style, which maintains the “buy-in” rating.
The price of titanium powder fell slightly, and the three-quarter report was slightly lower than expected: the average price of titanium powder in the first three quarters of 18 years (93 per cent of the gold red stone, factory prices, the same) was $16,191 per ton, a decrease of 5.54 per cent in the same year, with three seasons benefiting from a small increase in sales of titanium powder and a slight increase in the company ' s performance in the previous three quarters.
The three quarterly cost rates (including R & D costs) decreased by 0.1 percentage points to 14.03 per cent over the same period, contributing positively to the performance of the product portfolio.
titanium powder with a complete industrial chain, sulphate, chlorination, and all-rounding: after the company acquired the dragon platinum industry, the products of the platinum were produced.
The titanium concentrates account for 40% of titanium powder production costs and about 60% of the raw material self-sufficiency costs, resulting in the cost of titanium powder production by companies.
It's better than the average in the same industry and more competitive in the market. It's currently produced mainly by sulphate, accounting for 95% of total production capacity. Chloride manufacturers can count, and corporate sulphate and chlorination are domestic leaders. Compared to sulphate, chlorination is environmentally friendly, process, and product.
With better quality than sulphuric acid, chlorination is more promising in the context of environmental tightening. The company’s new 200,000-tonne/year chlorinated titanium powder production is expected to achieve a single-ship test at the end of the year, with a smooth postnatal delivery, and the company expects an increase of 10-15 million tons of titanium chloride and titanium powder production in 19 years.
The upscaling will be accompanied by the enrichment of product types and quality, laying the foundation for companies to increase their market share and drive performance growth. Domestic demand is slowing, and export demand is strong: real estate accounts for the share of downstream consumption of titanium powder.
At 60 per cent, in the first three quarters of 18 years, sales of domestic merchandise houses grew by 2.39 per cent, and growth slowed, with the supply of titanium powder expected to contract in the future, taking into account the capacity of titanium powder, which was withdrawn under environmental pressure, and the limited additional capacity, which slowed down downstream demand, while the supply of titanium powder shrunk accordingly.
In terms of exports, cumulative exports of 560,000 tons of titanium powder were recorded for the first seven months of 18 years, an increase of 21 per cent compared to the previous month, significant demand for real estate re-dosing in Europe and the United States, and property in South-East Asia, where demand for titanium powder exports is expected to remain strong.
While titanium powder is included in the list of US$ 200 billion in September and is currently subject to a tariff of 10 per cent, the company ' s share of exports to the United States is small, and therefore, in the short term, the trading war initiated by the United States has a limited impact on the company.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.