The dragon arcade (002601, sz) buys buff, makes a lot of money, and the high score is expected to continue.
In recent days, the company announced that it had signed a framework agreement with the People's Government of Nanjing County to continue to invest in the construction of a titanium powder production chain in Nanjing County. The company plans to invest 2 billion yuan, focusing on the “sulphur-iron- titanium” revolving economic chain, the continued expansion of the titanium-platinum industry chain project, and the expansion of titanium white.
Powder production devices, accompanied by investment in a reductive titanium and synthetic gold mold production device, based on factor matching conditions, currently at a lower price than 17 years, but still operating in higher positions, titanium powder and red stone production devices.
The price difference for the raw material remains around $115,000 per ton, with significant profitability. Over the longer term, the price of titanium powder is expected to rise steadily, coupled with the company ' s new production capacity and profitability, due to a combination of a higher market share for repainting, strong export demand and a tight supply of titanium raw materials, and an exit from production capacity.
At a low industry level, companies have a high probability of continuing their high grades at a later stage, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. titanium supply has contracted, and titanium powder production has slowed: titanium production costs are dominated by titanium powder, with chlorination being more pronounced.
The fall, the re-entry of prices into the rise route for the last two years, the impact of the fall in titanium prices, and the sharp reduction in the mining capital by the suppliers of titanium raw materials, has led to no new titanium in recent years, and some of the former titanium products are a combination of products.
As the main producer of titanium powder, the tight supply of titanium is undoubtedly pushing up the price of titanium powder and powder. In terms of titanium powder production, the majority of the country’s titanium powder production is based on sulphuric acid.
As a highly energy-intensive and polluting industry, some of the low production capacity will be phased out for future titanium powder prices against the background of the harshest environmental policy days.
The role of institutional investors in the share of liquidity a is increasing, and export booms guarantee a steady increase in downstream demand: from the demand of titanium powder terminals, the market share of firms is expected to rise.
Real estate is a determining industry for downstream demand, accounting for 60% of the consumption structure. In the first 18 months, domestic sales of merchandise houses increased by 1.4% over the same period, and growth slowed, but it is worth noting that the first 11 months saw a 16.8% increase in the same amount of new domestic construction, which will contribute to future demand for titanium powder.
In addition, after more than a decade of rapid growth in real estate, the rebranding market has surfaced, and the demand for titanium powder in real estate will continue to grow steadily as the rebranding market rises. On the export side, 846,000 tons of titanium powder have been accumulated over the first 11 months, according to statistics.
The same 13.9% increase in the same rate of real estate in the emerging regions and the demand for repos in Europe and the United States have led to a rapid increase in demand for titanium powder exports. The industrial chain is well developed, the technology is new, and new plans are ensuring future growth space: companies are buying dragons.
In addition to sulphuric acid production, the company has 60,000 tonnes/year chlorination capacity, and 200,000 tonnes/year chlorination capacity in the second phase.
After 19 years of successful delivery, the company expects to increase the production of titanium powder by 10-15 million tons in 19 years, which is more environmentally friendly and of better quality than sulphuric acid. Once again, the company has announced an investment of 2 billion yuan to continue to expand investment in titanium chain projects and improve the whole industry chain layout.
Opening up growth space for future performance. Expected remuneration (expected return; er) is based on the following: Figure: Plant price for titanium powder gold-plated (93% titanium 2)
Source: Bloomberg Information, Group Benefit Stock Packing, Report prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified for audit.