Performance is on track, the chlorination project is progressing well - 3-quarterly review of the halon americium (002601) q3 performance is on track and the price of titanium powder is supported by rising raw material prices
The company collected 2.76 billion yuan, compared to 6.62 per cent, and achieved a net return to the mother of 630 million yuan, which is almost the same amount as the same period. Currently, the country’s main offer for three products, namely, titanium, gold-carbide and chlorinated titanium powder, is maintained at $14,000, $17,000 and 2000 tons. In January-September 2018, the country produced 220.0 million tons of titanium powder.
The company announcement of 8 September raised the price of titanium powder, after which more than 20 firms in the industry issued successive price increases, the third collective increase in the industry in the current year, ranging from $300 to $500 per to around $50 per ton of export prices, mainly due to the recent supply of raw materials such as sulphuric acid, sulphur, natural gas and titanium concentrate.
Since the third quarter, the price of sulphuric acid has risen by more than 50%, the price of titanium concentrate has increased by 100 yuan per ton, and the price of natural gas has been rising at a peak in gas use. The supply of titanium powder will be limited in combination with the effects of the northern heating season production restrictions, effectively supporting the price of titanium powder.
The company has expanded 200,000 tonnes/year chlorination capacity and the project is progressing well \triangleright tonnes/year chlorinated titanium powder project is in its construction cycle and is expected to achieve a single machine test vehicle by the end of 2018.
In the first half of 2019, the company was expected to produce 800,000 tons in 2019, with the same level of capacity being raised, and the chlorination product being refined and upgraded by the second phase of the chlorination post-partum company, which will effectively increase the company ' s market share and sales performance as the product product types are enriched and of high quality.
The price of titanium powder has fallen sharply, the price of titanium concentrate has risen significantly, and the production of titanium powder with chlorination has not been as fast as expected.
The company's assessment is that titanium powder exports are strong and the industry continues to raise prices.
Tao Maw, graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing), undergraduate in chemical engineering and crafts, postgraduate in mineral processing (coalization). July 2011 added Cao Lili, Bachelor of Science in Applied Chemistry, Nakayama University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, joined the civil securitization industry team in September 2017. Xue Chung, Master of Chemistry, Qinghua University, joined the civil securitization industry team in May 2018.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.