Internationalization is further advanced in the setting up of Europe.
On December 18, the company issued an announcement on the company’s establishment of a subsidiary in Switzerland, recently established in Switzerland by Tigerswissag.
PBI, which expands the global business network layout of companies; at the same time, affiliates actively seek opportunities to collaborate with European research institutions and service providers to provide more options for domestic clients to conduct international multi-centre clinical trials.
In August this year, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Japanese Ps Conservancy and the ps Intel Corporation, which marked the initial completion of the company’s Asia-Pacific regional layout. This time, Europe has set up a subsidiary in Switzerland, Tigermedswissag, a successor to the United States and Asia-Pacific, among others.
The International Multi-Centre Clinical Project compares it to other major clinical operations.
With a high Māori ratio, the international cro flagship, often based on an internationalized node layout, has obtained the vast majority of international multi-centre clinical orders, and with this, the company is expected to increase the capacity of the international multi-centre clinical project to deliver more international multi-centre clinical projects in the future.
New options are available for domestic clients to conduct international multi-centre clinical trials in Europe. The company’s network layout will be expanded to Europe, which will provide domestic clients with more options for international multi-centre clinical trials or facilitate domestic innovation of new drugs to be listed simultaneously in Europe.
The high annual performance rate is expected to continue to generate a certain valuation premium and maintain an “upgrade” rating.
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.