Tiger Medicine (300347.sz) Wang Wing Chul showed an increase of 101% in the previous three quarters of 2017, and performance continues to recover.
The company’s performance: the company collected $1.17 billion, yoy + 38.3% and recorded net profits at the midpoint of the forecasted range. The company’s q3 revenue of $430 million in the first quarter and its high growth in q3 performance during the low base period and in-house recovery: the company’s performance in the third quarter grew at a high rate.
Long, on the one hand, due to last year ' s performance of q3 as the lowest point since the introduction of the cfda policy of clinical self-verification, the base period was lower: also, there was a list of Jérétien in terms of outreach, but most notably due to the growth of the company ' s in-house business recovery: 1. The impact of clinical verification was gradually reduced and the company ' s clinical projects were on the right track.
The company's Be project has also started to grow as generic evaluations have progressed and corporate cooperation hospitals have increased. The Maori rate has recovered and the cost rate has fallen: progress in clinical operations has resumed and new price increases have been signed.
Driven by a gradual start to settle, the corporate q3 quarter combined Māori rate was raised by 3.6 percent to 43.1 percent over the same period, reference to the company’s level of Māori prior to clinical verification, and we believe there is room for further improvement. Company q3 quarter sales cost was 1.7 percent, the same ratio; management costs were equal;
The rate decreased by 5.4 percentage points to 17.0 per cent over the same period in the context of the increase in the size of the collection, and by 4.7 to 20.4 per cent over the first quarter of divisional q3, owing to the impact of the increase in losses and interest rates on the exchange rate, which increased by 1.2 to 1.6 per cent over the same period.
Institutional investors as a share of liquidity a Short-term performance recovery and elasticity of the Be project; long-term benefits from the rise in demand for the innovative medicine cro: in the short term, the company is now moving away from clinical verification and its performance is accelerating on a quarterly basis
We believe that the company's benefit in 2018 in this round of pharmaceutical consistency evaluation will be derived from the proposed conversion of bea into a base filing and the company's investment in Compa Hospital to break the capacity bottlenecks of the company's Be project.
In the long run, in the context of the upgrading of the country’s pharmaceutical industry, the capacity of domestic enterprises to develop and develop innovative medicines and the corresponding increase in demand for high-end coro services will benefit from the company’s excellent clinical laboratory management capacity as a leading domestic coro enterprise.
Profit forecast: We expect the company to realize net profits of $294 million and $382 million by 2018, whichever is the expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows: This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.