The three-quarters performance has increased significantly, and the Māori rate has increased significantly, with a strong year-round increase confirmed.
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Company announcement for the third quarter of 2017, which achieved operating income of $1,175 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 38.32 per cent in the same year; net profit of shareholders of listed companies of $200 million, an increase of 101.03 per cent in the same year;
□ The growth rate continued to accelerate in the single quarter, with a significant recovery in the Māori rate.
(ii) The impact of the clinical test self-censorship is being phased out, historical contracts are being phased out (generally three-year contracts), new offers for clinical trial contracts are being increased, and revenues of around 120 million yuan are expected in the first three quarters, contributing more than $30 million.
The cost adjustment increases were lower than the income increases, and the financial costs increased as a result of exchange gains and losses due to the decline in the exchange rate of the United States dollar (+285.89 per cent). □ The pre-positioning of clinical trial institutions, where clinical trial institutions will be located
The company announced on September 26 that it had entered into an agreement with Shanghai Tae Yong (a limited partnership) and Humboldt State Health Management Limited Transfer and Replenishment Agreement, with a cumulative sum of $47 million to gain 49.47% of the shares in Hangzhou. Hangzhou has the Hangzhou Campbell Hospital. The company will take over be and i.
On October 8, the Central Office of the Communist Party of China and the Office of the State Council issued an announcement on the reform drums for the deepening of the review and approval system: confirming a return to high growth and a better look at the Bea industry.
The Clinical Laboratory will announce a return to high-performance growth, with slightly higher expectations.
A record-keeping system was introduced, and the approval of clinical trials was changed from an express and past licence to an implicit one.
Q1 Reverse confirmed, 17 years of high growth In-depth report: Consistency Evaluation Helper back to high growth The company ' s performance in 2016 is low as a result of clinical self-censorship verification, and is now self-checking the verification policy
The negative effects are being phased out and the operation of the clinical trial technical services has been restored; and the positive effects of the policy are gradually emerging: the continued advancement of the consistency evaluation will result in Be becoming a bright spot for the company's performance over the next two years, approval of accelerated clinical batches and future international multi-centres.
An increase in clinical pilot projects will lead to market expansion and high corporate growth that is expected to continue. We maintain double and maintain corporate “buy-in” ratings.
This is defined as follows: No rating - it is impossible to obtain the necessary information, or the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, it is impossible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments contained in the report are provided for information purposes only.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.