Tiger Medicine (300347.sz) Wang Wei Chul, short-term performance recovery, be elasticity and long-term benefits from increased demand for innovative drugs.
\triangleright Short-term performance recovery: since the 2015 cfda clinical trial self-verification event, the industry has started a large-scale self-censorship exercise and the company ' s clinical trial technical services project progress
There has also been a slowdown, affecting performance growth. But, since this year, with the resumption of projects and corresponding price increases on new corporate bills, there has been a marked recovery in corporate performance (q1/q2/q3 in 2017 and over 45% (pre-clinical test self-verification levels), driving the company’s performance to continue to recover.
The company has 20 co-operative hospitals (an average of 30 beds), and after investing in the comb hospital, the total number of beds available to the company for the Be project will reach 700, with capacity bottlenecks. As the time limit for the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency comes to an end in 2018, it will have to do so.
We expect the Be project to be concentrated in 2018, and we expect that the company's 2018 Be project camp will receive more than $300 million and contribute more than $75 million in net profits, which will result in some long-term gains in the company's performance from the rise in demand for the innovative medicinecro: in the long run, the pharmaceutical industry in our country will upgrade.
In the context of the growing capacity of domestic firms to develop innovative medicines, the demand for high-end co-services has increased accordingly. As a domestic co-lead, companies have completed multi-clinical centres in Asia and the Pacific through cooperative agreements with ps in Australia, Taiwan, Korea, and Japan.
The company has recently established a subsidiary in Switzerland, and its network of multiclinical centers will gradually expand to the global level. There are now some 40 innovative drug projects under way, most of which are in the clinical stage, and we believe that as these projects move forward, the ability of the company’s innovative drugcro service will gradually be recognized.
However, it is hoped that the international cro flagships will compete with each other. \triangleright and the supervisor
Cao has been reduced, and we believe that most of the recent stress reduction has been released. For Cro’s flagship, short-term recovery has been accelerated, long-term growth space has been greater, stock prices are now relatively reasonable against the 2018 valuation, and we maintain the investment proposal for purchase.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is given as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.