On 30 October, the company issued its third quarterly report for 2017. The first three quarters realized operating income of $1,175 million, or 38.32 per cent more than the previous three quarters; net return to the mother was $200 million, or 101.03 per cent more than the previous three quarters; net profit to the non-repatriated parent was $170 million.
Clinical verification impacts were largely eliminated, clinical trial service operations were rapidly growing \triangleright was largely eliminated by clinical verification, Be was rapidly growing and was evident in the third quarter: q3
Revenues of 432 million, an increase of 52.20 per cent over the same period, were significantly higher than the 29 per cent and 33 per cent increases of q1, q2 and the net profit of q3 was $81 million, or 244 per cent over the same period, or 8 per cent and 101 per cent higher than the increase of q1, q2.
The Unit, in contrast to the 300-year-old trend, has signed new contracts that take this factor fully into account and have resulted in increased offers for clinical operations, but the Māori rate for signed contracts will also have an impact on the duration of service due to the longer duration of the clinical trial contract (generally three years).
In response to the newly signed project contract, the Division reasonably increased the value of working hours for this category of operations, as well as progress towards the signing of the contract prior to 2016. The clinical trial contract was re-established and the company ' s Māori rate has begun to recover, with a gross interest rate of 43.11 per cent for the previous three quarters, an increase of 2.27 pt over the previous three quarters.
\triangleright 4.81 per cent increase in company sales costs in the previous three quarters, lower than the rate of increase in revenue, mainly due to efficiency gains resulting from the integration of sales teams; 18.35 per cent increase in management costs, lower than the rate of increase in revenue, mainly due to fixed lines such as rents
Cost management did not increase on a year-to-year basis; financial costs increased by 285.89 per cent, mainly as a result of losses on exchange and interest on loans due to a decline in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: investment returns increased by 9875 per cent to 3.94 million, mainly as a result of the transfer by companies of the shares of the three friends of Yetong Teri, Shanghai Liddy and Shanghai; net cash flows of investments decreased by 153 per cent from the same year.
Net cash disbursements by subsidiaries and other business units increased by $520 million over the same period the previous year, with the acquisition of the fast-track Tung Teri equity paying $540 million; net cash flows for fund-raising increased by 106 per cent over the same period owing to the receipt of non-publicly issued shares raising funds of $608 million. Changes in financial data and indicators are a good performance for the company.
On 8 October, the State Council issued an Information Paper on the Intensive Review and Approval System Reforms to Encourage Innovation in Pharmaceutical Medical Devices, proposing reforms such as speeding up listing and approval reviews and improving the dynamic adjustment mechanism for health insurance catalogues.
On the other hand, the company’s deep upstream/downstream industrial chain, and the international multi-centre clinical operations will enhance the company’s business capabilities, and the future space for future development is expected.
1. Teg medicine (300347): investment hospital expansion III. Prospectives for profit and recommendation for investment 2. Periodic evaluation of Teg medicine (300347): clinical trials
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Tsai Mingko, Research Assistant, Master of Finance, Macao University of Science and Technology, joined in September 2015 as a citizen ' s safety card author with a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,