Tiger Medicines (300347.sz)
Quarterly company announcement q3 with revenue of $1.17 billion (+38.3 per cent) over the period; net profit return of $20 billion; net profit return of $8.07 million in the first quarter; net profit of $6.48 million in the second quarter; a single-quarter profit history; high performance by season; and revenue and profits of q3 in the first quarter.
Income of $1.17 billion (+38.3 per cent) was achieved in the first three quarters; net profit from the parent is $20 billion (+101.0 per cent); net profit from the deduction of the parent is $170 million (+85.1 per cent), q1-q3 returns are $350 million in the first quarter, and business performance is rising seasonally, both in absolute terms and at a faster rate, q3 returns are received in the first quarter.
Profits are historically high, and the fourth quarter is a year of high performance, and this year is an unquestionable turning point for corporate performance. The policy-driven industry is back on high growth, and the investment in Tag is right in time.
The long-term benefits of Tiger Medicines encourage innovation in drugs and a consistent evaluation policy for imitation of medicines.
In the future, the volume of orders for the services of the company ' s clinical trials will increase, with a projected year-round high growth of more than 50 per cent in the operation of the clinical trial technical services; the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency: 289 varieties of the list of generic medicines, with a total of 14011 batches, requiring the completion of the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency by the end of 2018, with tight evaluation times and hours
It is important that, according to the enterprise survey data disclosed by cfda, 8042 (57.4 per cent) did not give up evaluations, 3607 (25.7 per cent) were actually evaluated, and that the generic drug consistency assessment alone would result in nearly 6 billion new businesses in the industry (pe+be, net of hospital share), if not.
The market will be larger. The report recognizes more than $80 million in revenue, with more than 50 bets in progress, ensuring 100 cases, receiving about $160 million a year, gross.
The q3 Mäori ratio has risen back to 43.12% (compared to 38.03% in the last year).
In terms of valuation, the company shares the same value as the pharmaceutical outsourcing service sub-sectorpe. The company has developed a vertically integrated layout of the cro industrial chain and has the capacity to meet the international multi-centre clinical test (mct).
Risk of impairment of goodwill, relaxation of the policy of consistency evaluation, risk of business integration.
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute. For 20 years, in the seller ' s research industry, the author of the sales team of the Institute of Securities and Securities has been qualified or qualified in securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association and has ensured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.