Long, investment returns increased performance elasticity Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
The annual performance forecast for 2017 for the company is expected to achieve the net profits attributable to the shareholders of the listed company □ a single-season profit that continues to grow rapidly and returns on investment increase Overall, the performance of the company's main business is largely in line with our projections in the three-quarters report (net return).
The main reason is that: 1) the impact of the self-checking of clinical trials has been eliminated, historical contracts have been phased in (generally three-year contracts), new clinical contract offers have been revised upwards, and the Maori rate is clear.
□ The domestic innovation environment has evolved and the evaluation of consistency has continued, and companies have benefited directly, since this year, from the Central Office, the State Office to the Directorate-General of Pharmacy, encouraging innovation policies, demanding accelerated approval of the national listing of new medicines, emphasizing the need to reform the management of clinical trials, and the approval of clinical trials by the past
In the coming years, it is expected that the company, as the leader of the country's clinical coro business, will continue to do so.
At the beginning of the year, the first series of consistency-based evaluations will begin to appear, and the three-quarterly reports will enter Be in 2018: the three-quarters performance has increased significantly, the peak reporting period is expected to see the company be operations and the statistical analysis of data contribute to the performance gains on a sustained basis.
The company ' s performance in 2016 is low due to the impact of clinical self-censorship, and now examines the negative assessment of the verification policy.
The face-to-face effect has been phased out, the operation of the clinical trial technical services has begun to recover a high rate of growth, which will continue to grow steadily as drug trials encourage innovative policies move forward; the evaluation of consistency continues; and the announcement points: performance has returned to a high level of growth, with slightly higher rates reported.
Advances will make Be Be’s business a bright spot for the company’s performance over the next two years, and high corporate growth is expected to continue. We basically maintain projections of the company’s main business revenues and profits, adjust only the investment returns, and announce a reversal of q1, which has been confirmed for 17 years.
In-depth reports: Consistency Evaluation Helpers return to high levels, maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating; consistency evaluation policy does not go as far as expected; projects do not progress as expected; business integration risks.
No rating - due to the lack of access to the necessary information, or the fact that the company faces significant uncertainties about the foreseeable results, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.