On 27 September, the company announced that the company, together with Shanghai Tae Yong and Hangzhou Health Management Limited, had entered into an agreement for the transfer and replenishment of shares in the investment hospital, and that the company would receive the initial RMB 27 million shareholdings from the shareholders in Hangzhou.
Investing in Campbell Hospital, which provides security for the acceptance of bee and clinical trials \triangleright Hangzhou Yingpak on 5 September, and according to the announcement, Campbell Hospital is expected to be in
The company will have independent regional and dedicated beds for Be and i clinical trial services, which will guarantee the company ' s acceptance of be and i clinical trial services, and the company will be able to further grasp the quality of the trials.
Clients provide better services: at the same time, taking into account the company’s professional advantages in the field of pharmaceutical clinical research, expanding the company’s channels of investment, generating investment returns and helping the company to upgrade its capacity for integrated services.
The number and quality of clinical centres have had a significant impact on the company’s Be project, with more than 20 hospitals currently built by the company, and it is expected that in November this year the self-built centres will be in the preparatory phase to increase the capacity of the company’s project. The company has more than 400 beds ahead of it, and 500-600 beds are expected by the end of the year.
On the other hand, the company’s industrial chain is deep-seated up and down, and the international multi-centre pedal operation will enhance the company’s business capacity in a comprehensive manner, and the future development space is to be expected. Clinical verification impacts will be phased out, and clinical trial service operations will grow rapidly.
Clinical verification in 2015 led to slow progress in corporate projects and an increase in manpower costs, resulting in a decline in the Māori rate, while clinical trial contracts typically last three years and will also have an impact on the Māori rate of signed projects during service. The Department signed outstanding contracts totalling approximately $250 million by 2016, which were transferred to hospital costs,
The value of outstanding contracts in large clinical contracts that are not affected by self-checking, such as statistical analysis revenue, crc income, etc., is approximately $170 million, and the value of the pending contract for the services of the medical department affected by the self-checking is approximately $80 million, some of which are expected to be completed by the first half of next year.
(c) III. Prospective earnings projections and investment proposals.
1. Teg medicine (300347) reported: clinical trials. Clinical centres are not as liberalized as expected: external M & As are not as long as expected: risk of policy change. 2. Teg medicine (300347): clinical verification temporary.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Tsai Mingko, Research Assistant, Master of Finance, Macao University of Science and Technology, joined in September 2015 as a citizen ' s safety card author with a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,