On the 21st of March of 2025, the country's hydraulic fluids were made 14 times more profitable and successful than ever before.
After more than 30 years, the company has developed its main product from the excavator fuel tank to the excavator pump valve, non-digger hydraulics to the bar, electric cylinders. The company is a hydraulic core company that grew up with two wheels of excavators in the country, and its share of the excavator fuel tank in 2008-2011 is rapidly increasing.
The forward-looking linear drive is expected to benefit from trends in the human robot industry.
The sculptor is now Tesla's first anti-shock, high load, long-lived hardware, and, under a downward trend in the Tesla-led industry, more manufacturers in the country are expected to adopt a straight-line joint programme, and a number of manufacturers in the country have now started small tests.
With a string. The company raised $1.4 billion in 2021 for a linear implementer project, which has now completed the construction of the plant and part of the production line and has achieved small production and marketing, and is expected to benefit in the future from trends in human robotics, industrial trends and national production of industrial aircraft.
According to the Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, 318,000 excavators were sold in January-February 2025, an increase of the same amount.
27.2 per cent long, with an increase of 51.4 per cent over the same year, of which 1.7 million were sold domestically; 14.7 million export sales; external factors such as accelerated investment in the mining industry, the power of large-scale equipment renewal policies, the combination of small-scale recovery cycles; rising demand; growth in second-hand excavator exports to stimulate domestic demand; and domestic excavations in 2025.
Luzheng Yu's machine sales are expected to warm and the company's main business is expected to recover. In addition, the company is actively pursuing overseas markets, continuing to promote overseas production, some of Mexico's factories' production has been tested, and the future North American market is now under way.
It is expected to continue to contribute to the growth of performance.
During the first half of 2024, the company sold a total of 13,89 million non-standard fuel tanks for heavy equipment, an increase of 21.53 per cent over the same period. Of these, shielding tanks, crane tanks, high-altitude platforms, etc., were growing faster; non-digger pump valves were growing faster and faster than before.
24.3 per cent. The high rate of growth in compact hydraulic sales has further expanded the domestic market share in high-altitude platforms, excavators, loaders and agricultural machinery, and bulk supply has been achieved abroad.
Research and development are less than anticipated, with the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, and the team has a deeper industrial pool of resources in advanced manufacturing, civil-military integration, new energy sources, new materials, etc., specializing in top-down industrial chain research and resource integration, looking at the upgrading of Chinese manufacturing, working to explore the direction in which strategic and emerging industries are developing, offering comprehensive services to a second-tier market, and expanding the depth and breadth of production integration to create value for the market.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.