Linear drive project is steadily moving forward, building the company's third growth pole, the company's dynamic study of Heung Chul (60110.sh) — the forward-looking area of layout electrodynamics — building the company's third growth pole
ivzy@cfsc.com.cn With the development of the hydraulic industry, markets impose higher standards of intelligence, greening, etc. for hydraulic products, while electric cylinders are reliable, action-sensitive, mobile, etc.
Yousw@cfsc.com.cn has a number of advantages, such as smooth walking, and the future application will be expanded and the market will need to grow steadily.
Building a linear drive in sequence, the postnatal company will form the production capacity of an annual production of 10,000-metre heavy roller wire poles. According to valuemarket research, the global market for roller wire poles in 2019 was US$ 19,550 million.
By 2026, it is expected to reach $29,660 million, and now the company's roller wire bar products have been delivered in samples and small quantities, and as the linear drive project progresses steadily in the future, the electric tank business is expected to be the third growth pole of the company, the company or the company.
The company is committed to becoming a supplier of high-end mobile equipment with international influence and a provider of mobile programmes, actively exploring internationalization through mergers and acquisitions of German Inele.
The expansion and layout of overseas markets by firms and new firms in Chicago, Japan, Tokyo, Mexico, etc., benefited from the firm's active push for an internationalized development strategy, with the same increase in the return of H1 overseas revenues in 2024.
15.29% long. Meanwhile, the company continues to promote the overseas production of energy, building a production base for hydraulics in Mexico, and the project is now in its final stages, and the postnatal phase will result in the formation of 200,000 tanks for engineering machinery, extension tanks and other special tanks.
63,000 units and the production capacity of 150,000 hydraulic pumps and motors. The United States market is the largest hydraulic market in the world, with 38 per cent sales in Bida.
Market shares and improved supply systems abroad. ▪ High priority is given to R & D inputs, the “multiple” strategy achieves excellence.
Highly competitive high-end hydraulic products. In 2024, H1 R & D invested $334 million, representing 6.92% of operating income, and the largest single ship in the world was launched during the reporting period, with loads of high-precision flow control and multifunctional integration.
A series of innovative products, such as sensitive multi-road valves, compactly structured and secure helium cylinders, and the construction of the Helium International Research and Development Centre project are continuing. The demand for products such as the tight hydraulic pressure of company H1 in 2024, the long-distance column of Semada, etc. is fast.
Rapid growth: the sale of casting products in the non-engineering machinery industry, such as new energy sources, industrial vacuums, has also been increased; the sale of non-standard fuel tanks for heavy equipment has reached 13.89 million, an increase of 21.53 per cent over the same period, with the increase in non-digger pump valves.
24.30 per cent of the sales of non-college tanks, such as the shield tank, the crane tank, the wind-voltaic new energy source, etc., have also increased rapidly, and the company's strategy of “multipleization” has yielded excellent results, with the prospect of innovative and diversified product systems.
The R & D, manufacturing, marketing and service work for integration into the system, taking into account the company's forward-looking layout of the electric cylinder area, is expected to build a third-growth curve for its own business; for the first time, it is covered with an “buy-in” investment rating.
Stalking products are not as well as expected; electric cylinders are not growing as expected; Mexican factories are not built as expected; firms are not able to climb as much as expected; linear drive projects are not built as expected; research and development are not as expected; and there is increased competition in the hydraulic industry.
Presentation by the Mechanical Unit: Maozheng: Master ' s degree in materials from the University of Akdan, five-year experience in commodity securities investment; Luzhoyang: Master ' s degree from the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, four years experience in research.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.