Linear-driven project went well, and the second curve of the string was a booster, and the constant hydraulic pressure (60110.sh) was on 19th of February, 2025.
• Linear-driven projects were successfully put into operation, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Corporate-lined-driven projects were successfully put into operation, completed construction of plants and production lines, achieved small bulk sales, and the future is promising: the highest volume of human robotics and the most interesting spare parts
Slash is the most valuable core hardware for human robots, with a cost of $20,000 based on mass post-partum robotics, $1,000 per unit based on planetary rollers, 14 units per unit, 300 units per unit for miniature rollers, 30 units per unit, 23,000 dollars per single machine, and about 20 per cent of the entire robot.
The biggest marginal change of the Tesla robots has been the continuous increase in the use of staves; in addition to the linear joints, smart hands use mini-scarts. We believe that the model of Pythrasla in the Starship project will also open up robotic platforms in the future, leading other robotic companies to the Tesla route.
In nearly 100 family-shaped robotics, the use of staves is only a single-digit approach, and penetration is expected to increase significantly. The former planetary rollers have limited application worldwide, with very few firms with the capacity to produce on a scale.
The layout of the linear drive, the second curve of the threads, the company's main hydraulic tank is linear, along with the threads, and the industry's two products, namely, Shires and Pike, have both hydraulic presses and threads, with a certain technical homogeneity. The company has a long-term layout in the field of the threads, 2022.
The company raised an additional $2 billion a year, of which $1.4 billion was spent on linear drive projects, and is expected to yield 104,000 standard rollers, 4,500 heavy rollers, 750 planets, with 11 per cent growth in q3 revenues.
The production capacity of the roller-cylinders, the 100,000-metre standard roll-cylinders, and the 100,000-metre heavy roll-celebs. The cyclical recovery -- company update report -- has already achieved a small volume sale of the wires of the former company and is expected to make a breakthrough in the area of automation, man-made robotics in the future.
The second curve of the string is a boost. "Ten times the path of the depth rediscovery, three dimensions of the solution, the new dynamic of the white horse growth -- the company covered the first time.