The industry's anchors go up and through the ox bear - the Chinese car (600741.sh) industry: China's head of integrated car parts and components, increased consumption of the benefits, and the Māori rate continued to rise upwards.
On May 09, 2021, the Division was the largest, largest and most powerful supplier of integrated parts and components in the country. In 2020, the world ' s auto parts and components industry ranked 12th out of 144 billion.
Cao Xuant, whose clients are based on joint ventures and foreign capital, and whose internal and external activities account for 66 per cent of their operating income, fully benefit from the benefits of graduation: multiple initiatives go hand in hand, with clear growth paths.
Integration: strengthening ownership towards internationalization. The joint venture under the company’s umbrella is primarily oriented towards domestic operations, which removes equity barriers to internationalization. In 2020, the company completed 10,000 orders through its interior and interior adornment business, and seized two solar car export projects, as well as a generic first-line pure suv light order.
Single: The seating business will also become autonomous in 2021, in preparation for internationalization.
The M & As model continues to expand the business map, showing that the number of businesses increased from 10 in 2009 to 19 in 2020, with revenue growth of 442 per cent in 11 years, far exceeding the 85 per cent increase in sales in the automobile industry.
By the end of 2020, 30% of the company ' s profit composition was still derived from the investment earnings of the joint venture, under the banners of Xacoli Modules, China Domain Power, China 3 Power, Washington Magnus, Bo Hwa, etc., which have not been incorporated. The company will continue to do so in the future as foreign technology is gradually absorbed and controlled.
Products: leading the deployment of new energy sources, smart network products, valuation hubs up. New energy, smart network connections. Core technologies include battery management, power drive, heat management, light quantification, wire control, smart car lights,
millimetre-wave radars, among others, are well-developed zero-component layouts through autonomous R & D and joint ventures with foreign capital, with technological strength and market share leading, of which the power-driven power of McGarner in the wilaya has been given orders from large global platforms such as the Meb and the Universal Multiium, with a single-car value of $8,000.
To benefit from the new energy sector, the company’s maximum worth of bicycles has been raised from $25,000 to $47,000, and will benefit from the trend of electricization in the future. Clients: Upward gas is the base, actively opening up out-of-group customers.
At the same time, the company has been active in developing out-of-group clients, starting with Shanghai Tesla in 2020, with a single-car value of $14,000, with a projected contribution of $6.4 billion in 2021 and 4.4 per cent.
The value of long-term investments is significant. In 2011-2018, the company rose, but in 2021, the company Pe was only 11.92, which was significantly undervalued.
Negative growth, low upscaling, low upscaling and upscaling of the public, but companies benefit from a combination of factors such as rising consumption, internationalization strategies, expansion strategies, new energy improvements, neutralization strategies, etc., which continue to outperform market expectations and move out of independence in secondary markets. We believe that companies are very high.
Roe, high dividends, low valuation advantage, with clear growth paths and high certainty, and long-term investment values (Texla, mass meb) below expectations.
The company’s operations cover interior and interior accessories, total functional components, metal formations and mills, electrical appliances, heat processing, new energy, etc., and are the largest and largest variety of domestic products.
By December 2020, the company had 788 million employees worldwide, 367 research, manufacturing and service bases in the country, and 98 manufacturing bases (including R & D) abroad.
It provides high-quality R & D and supply services, and is ranked third after fuelwood power and glazing glass. Internal and external adornment services contribute mainly to the collection.
18.1%, metal formations and moldings 6.8%, electronics 3.5%. By subsidiary contribution, long-line carte blanche (internal and external adornment) accounted for 63.2%, Shanghai conglomerates (total functional composition) for 11.7%, Chinese visual (internal and external adornment) for 8.3%, Chinese body (metal fabric), Chinese tri-power (functional components), Saico.
As a result, the internal and external apparel business, which is dominated by long-flash apparel, is known to be a low-cost period, with net interest rates equal to industry. The company ' s Māori rate is about 15% and the car spare parts industry averages 20%, but the company ' s current rate is lower than about 3 pct, and the net interest rate is ultimately equal to industry in 2020.
The cost rate is lower for the company period, on the one hand because of its size as a large car parts company, and, on the other hand, because of its dependence on the steaming group, the sales rate is significantly lower than for the industry.
Figure 6: Māori ratios and net interest rates in the company and Shinwan auto parts industry 1.2 Māori rates of beneficial consumption have continued to rise upwards, and consumption in the car industry has increased significantly. Since 2016, the Chinese automobile industry has moved from a period of rapid growth to one of rapid growth.
During the period of readjustment, there was a decrease in the lead-up rate in the demand for vehicles, an increase in the proportion of purchases and swaps, and a marked upward trend in consumption. 9.8%, with a marked increase in the share of high-end and luxury car sales.
According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the consumer’s attention to comfort in car purchases is as high as 40%, with a reputation, promotion, and fuel consumption of only about 20%, and the interior quality is a major core of car sales. According to the company Kim Jung-de Group, China’s price index for car interiors has been up since 2016.
Six points up in five years, the interior industry fully benefits from rising consumption and growing itself significantly. Figure 9: Consumer concerns (%) Benefits from rising consumption, and company Māori rates continue to rise. On the one hand, companies act as domestic integrated car parts and components
In the lead, clients include upper steam groups, Beijing Mercedes, BMW, Chang Anfort, East Wind and many other mainframes, with a higher share of joint ventures and luxury brands in the customer structure; on the other hand, the share of the company ' s interior and external adornment business in revenue collection reached 66 per cent, fully benefiting from rising consumption trends. In 2018-2020, the company ' s Māori ratio rose from 13.8 per cent to 13.8 per cent.
Māori ratios will continue to rise. Figure 11: Māori rates for corporate sales (%) 1.3 Global economic recovery abroad is on track
Jiangsen's self-controlled global auto interior business was restructured, generating $25.2 billion abroad in 2020, representing 19% of operating income. Prior to restructuring, Jiangsen's self-control focused mainly on building energy efficiency and automobile battery operations, investment in interior industry research and development continued to decline, the scale of its business was gradually shrinking, and its interior business Māori rate was reduced in 2012-2014.
Figure 12: Companies ' receipts and share of overseas operations (billion yuan, %) Figure 13: Māori ratio of companies ' domestic and foreign operations (%) is more integrated and ready. Companies are actively integrating when they take over overseas operations. Cost side: outposted managers
Emplacement of overseas bases, improvement of management efficiency, closure of inefficient plants, abolition of redundant staff, and improved cost control. The number of overseas employees of companies decreased from 23,751 to 22,230 in 2020, with 6.4 per cent of lay-offs.
In 2021, the global vaccination campaign continued, and the economic recovery became more certain. In terms of vehicle sales, several countries and regions in Europe remained closed in March, and cars were sold.
Back to 84% in 2019, and with the lifting of the closure measures, the European region is expected to reach the stage of active industrial replenishment and retaliatory consumption: US car sales in March have recovered to 99% in 2019, and are expected to outpace their sales in 2019 as the economy recovers.
Over 15 per cent expected, companies' overseas operations will increase at a higher rate, compounding the integration measures of the past few years.
19 joint ventures, 46 joint ventures, have more lines of business. On this basis, the company maintains a strategic and continuous process of industrial adjustment, withdraws operations that are less profitable and do not correspond to industry trends, and strengthens its control over core operations such as interior decoration, lighting, chassis, passive safety, mobile components, new energy, etc.
In order to avoid competition in overseas markets, most joint ventures are limited to domestic economics, and corporate ownership of subsidiaries and operations removes equity barriers to internationalization. Internationalization: internal and external apparel provides an internationalization platform, lights, and seats are out of the country.
In 2015, the company began a global business restructuring with Jiangsen, creating the world’s largest vehicle interior system provider, the long-line interior apparel, with 70% of the company’s holdings. The long-line interior apparel is equipped with a global supply capacity, with BMW, Mercedes, Ford, Chrysler, and so on, in Europe and Europe.
There are production bases and research and development bases in several regions, such as North America and Asia and the Pacific. In 2020, the company acquired 30 per cent of its stockholdings from Jiangsen itself, achieving 100 per cent control, thereby allowing it to internationalize and fully control its interior operations, paving the way for other operations to leave the country.
The company acquired 50% of the share in the Shanghai light in 2018, the Toyota Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Japan, achieved 100% of the ownership of the lights and changed the name Shanghai Light to China's vision. China's vision became a fully-owned subsidiary of the company and became competitive with foreign capital.
In the month, orders were obtained for one million exterior light products from the German brand of luxury, as well as for the gm global tender project, the caddy Lak's primer, a purely electric suvlyriq light order, and a small pilot for visual overseas operations in China. 2021 was intended to achieve seating autonomy and further expand overseas operations. In March 2021, the company issued an announcement to that effect.
To acquire 49.9% of Yanfontao shares held by Ando and to purchase $385 million in permanent use of intellectual property rights related to auto seating products at the global level. Yeongtao has an independent, well-developed car seat development and manufacturing system that provides a complete complement of BMW, Mauuta, etc. overseas through bases in Serbia, Mexico, etc.
The global platform model will be complemented by full ownership of the car seat control by the company following the acquisition, and it is hoped that the overseas operation of the seat will be further expanded through the existing internal and external internationalization platform. Figure 16: Corporate lights and seating operations will rely on the external and external internationalization platform.
Carlights, seating bicycles are of high value, and the overseas market is vast. The lights and seats are the most valuable parts of the vehicle, in addition to power components such as engines, gear boxes, power-drive bridges, and benefit from smartness and digestion metres/sets, with seats amounting to about $4,500/set, thus extrapolating the size of the global market for headlights and seats in 2020, respectively.
Fifty-five billion yuan and $351.1 billion. In 2020, corporate lights and seating operations received $11 billion and $28.4 billion, respectively, representing a global market share of 5.6 per cent and 8.1 per cent, compared with international competition in terms of technological strength and volume capacity, with a certain cost advantage, and with a wide scope for overseas market growth.
2.2 Expansion: Mergers and acquisitions continue to grow in large numbers of high-quality assets, while mergers and acquisitions continue to grow in excess of industry. Since their inception, companies have continuously expanded their business profiles through the M&A model, increasing from 10 in 2009 to 19 in 2020 and 11 in 11 years.
Business income grew by 442 per cent, net return to the mother grew by 253 per cent, far above the 85 per cent increase in the automobile industry, and the 106 per cent increase in the upper group sales.
Production follows two principles: 1) subsidiary operations are in line with industry trends and there is much room for future growth; 2) companies have mastered the core technology of the joint venture and are able to grow on a sustainable basis when absorbed into fully-owned subsidiaries. Based on this logic, the Division has achieved the integration of a number of operations, including interior and interior accessories, car lights, passive security, etc. In 2021, the company intends to acquire a long-run.
Anto 49.9% of the shares will be fully controlled over the seating business when the acquisition is completed, and in 2022 the company will be profited by more than $1 billion. Less than 100% of the holdings, and 46 joint ventures with less than 51% of the holdings.
70% came from consolidated reporting firms and 30% from joint venture investment earnings. More high-quality assets such as Xekoli Modules, China domain power, China domain three electricity, Washington Magnus, Bo China, etc. have yet to be incorporated, and we believe that future mergers and acquisitions will continue to expand as companies gradually absorb and take control of foreign capital technology.
2.3 Products: leading new energy deployments, smart network product valuation hubs, leading new energy deployments, smart network core technologies, leading the country. New energy, smart network core technologies.
Including battery management, power drive, heat management, light quantification, wire control motion, smart car lights, millimetre wave radars, etc., companies have developed, through autonomous R & D, joint ventures with foreign capital, well-developed new energy parts and components layouts, technology, power, customers, market share leading, company valuation as new energy, smart network penetration rises in the future
China-wide electric power: power drivers and electrical electronic boxes. Achieve bulk supply for German mass global power motor platform (meb) auxiliary power generators, develop eight-storey copper wire technology in conjunction with upper power, supply the er6 model, obtain operational lock-ups for the general Mitsubishi-ev motor controller, and deliver bulk supply for universal use.
Modular Automobile Platform (bev3) Global Driver Project. In 2020, the company was able to sell more than 100,000 motors and more than 30,000 controllers throughout the year.
Drives total official mass production, the first mass cross-border saloons produced by the German factory for the general public, the Skoda Czech factory, and branded pure power four-drives, Audi and Skoda, and obtains a global power-driven project fixed by the General Motor Modular Motors Platform (bev3). The total power-driven vehicle is worth about $8,000.
The power generation of the platform, the global bev3 platform, the power-driven total business will become a new growth level for companies. Three power sources in China: heat management systems. Three power stations in China are dedicated to the development of new energy vehicle heat pump systems, electric air-conditioning compressors.
In 2020, Shanghai Mahler was equipped with the upper-air vehicle, the upper-air vehicle, the upper-air car, the upper-air car, the mini-car, the Bialdi, the cooling module, the cooling module, the batteries, etc.
There are 10,81 million products, such as capacitors, cryogenic heat radiators, condensers, and water coolers. Bo is turning: electric. Bo is turning to a system-compatible capacity of double gear, tube and tooth-based electric shifts, with 6.28 million units in 2020, and about 42,000 units for new energy vehicles.
Yambang: Battery Management System. Yambok has the capability to develop and deliver in bulk the battery management system, with a cumulative supply of 942,000 units to the new energy vehicle model in 2020.
The supply capacity of the motor shell was 35,000 sets of battery trays and 0.85 million units of battery casings in 2020. Shanghai Faleo: Starts the power generation unit. Shanghai Fareo has 48v capacity to start the power supply unit, with a cumulative supply of 115,000 units in 2020.
Shanghai conglomerates: Line control. Shanghai conglomerates successfully developed ebooster and active energy storage products, and in 2020 they supplied small amounts of new energy vehicles to the North.
In 2018, China’s visual lights generated $13.8 billion, with a market share of about 25%. Successfully developed dlp headlights, first used by intelligent cars.
The affs lamp (from the adaptive front lamp), the adb lamp (from the angular light system) and the dlp lamp (pixel-grade projector lamp) are becoming more and more intelligent. The company's pre-lights for intelligent cars are composed of 2.6 million pixels, second-generation dlp and 5,000 lediscs, with safety, guidance, interaction, entertainment and four major efforts.
Yes, representing the highest level of global vehicle-light technology at a unit cost of more than 10,000 dollars. MM-wave radars break foreign monopolies and deliver bulk. MM-wave-based critical technologies have long been monopolized by a few large suppliers of parts and components, especially 77ghz-radar technology, which is limited to the Bozo, mainland, Delfort, etc.
In 2014, Chinese auto electrons were the first to produce 24ghz mm waves of radar and to stabilize their supply to customers such as upper-air vehicles, upper-air Chase, etc. In 2019, the company successfully passed the national millimetre-band radar test, which became the first national-produced radar product to pass the test.
The bulk of the Golden Dragonbus is now supplied, and 77ghz pro-millimeter wave radar and angular radar have been successfully applied to the demonstration operation of the supermassive red rock smart weight in the 5g autopilot project at Ocean Hill Port. The company’s new energy products are complete, and the value of the bicycles is about $22,000 higher than that of the fuel truck.
Of the spare parts set, the value of spare parts for fuel trucks and new energy vehicles was $10,200, the value of spare parts for fuel trucks to new energy vehicles was increased from $11,500 to $23,000, the value of spare parts for fuel vehicles was $3200 and the value of spare parts for new energy vehicles was $13,800, from fuel trucks to new energy sources.
The company has fully benefited from the trend of electricization, intelligence, and the increase in the volume of bicycles will lead to a sustained increase in revenue.
The upper gas group is the company’s first major shareholder and the company’s top customer, with a revenue ratio of more than 50 per cent. The top five clients of the company in 2020h1 were the upper gas public (25.5 per cent of the revenue), the upper gas generalist (19 per cent of the revenue), the upper gas bus (4 per cent of the contribution), the upper gas carrier (1.6 per cent of the revenue) and the Tesla.
In 2021, affected by a chip shortage, sales fell by 13 per cent in March, compared to 2019, and we believe that, as the chip shortage is lifted, up-group sales are expected to rebound in the future, continuing the rebound trend in the second half of 2020.
The company's target for sales in 2021 was 6.17 million vehicles, an increase of 10.2 per cent from 2020.
One model, a7l, is expected to come into production by the end of the year and will be delivered in the first quarter of 2022, which will compensate for the lack of luxury brands under the upper flag. With regard to new energy vehicles, id.4x, id.6x are on the market. With the advantage of meb,ppe platforming, 70 pure electric models will be rolled out globally by 2025.
The target is 3 million, of which 30 are for new cars in China, and 1.5 million are for sales. Washington Magnus is full-scale: sales bounces back, and full electricization is about to begin. At the beginning of 2020, Peek, Chevyland, and Caddy brand-sized vehicles were switched to four-cylinder engines, sold back in the second half of the year and sold out in 2020h2.
In the case of electricization, on April 8, a general launch was launched to introduce a universal ultium (bev3) pure power platform, and the first-car Cadillac lyriq was shown in Shanghai and expected to be on the market in 2022. General Motors plans to invest in electric vehicles and autopilots by 2025.
Over US$ 27 billion to roll out 30 electric vehicles worldwide, fully turning on the electric power. The sum of power-driven bridges for the ultium global platform will continue to benefit from general-purpose electricization trends. Figure 28: Upstream general-purpose vehicle sales (millions)
Figure 29: Cars on Cadillac lyriq: good sales, leading the new energy layout. Uplifts at 2020h2 sales are up 15% by year, with 2021 continuing upwards, with sales increasing by 24% in April compared to 2019.
On the source side, the upper passenger vehicle brand was created, the lower flag er6 and the more competitive in the range, configuration, prices, and smart network, and the new vehicle es33 was shown in Shanghai and is expected to contribute to a new increase. In 2021, the upper passenger vehicle brand was targeted at 30,000, and the total new energy vehicle sales are expected to break out.
On the new energy model, on July 8th, 2020, the Miniev Markal version was marketed, with additional airbags, ramp aids, back radars, backloads.
Yearly production, the size and configuration of the Mitsubishi Miniev vehicle is increasing and sales are expected to rise to a new step. Figure 32: Sales of upper-air Mitsubishi vehicles (millions) Figure 33: Production of the Mitsubishi macro-minievcabrio convertible will take place in 2022
• 2019 2021 2021                                                                           2021
The annual decline has been much higher, mainly as a result of the restructuring of corporate and Jiangsom’s own global operations and a significant increase in overseas revenues. In the process of developing out-of-country clients, using their technological advantages, size advantages, and global advantages, high-end electric brands, luxury brands, and solar brands have been the focus of successful neutralization strategies.
Accompanies Tesla, which is expected to contribute $6.4 billion in 2021 to the top five clients. In 2020, the factory in Tesla was home-grown, and the company seized the opportunity to deliver products such as braids, chairs, bumpers, battery boxes, car identity pieces, and all of them. 2020h1, Tesla became the fifth largest customer in the company.
In the same period, Tesla sold 46,000 Tesla units, thereby extrapolating the value of the company's companion Tesla bicycle to approximately $14,000. In 2021, it is expected that the production of Modedel3/y460,000 units at the Tsla Shanghai factory will contribute $6.4 billion, representing 4.4 per cent.
Luxury brands, solar brands, and automobiles are well-established. In 2020, company interiors, lights, seats, bumpers, compressors, electric switchors, drive axes, brakes, lightly quantified aluminium casts, body parts and models, chassis structures and modules were acquired for Mercedes, BMW, Audi, and Cadillacs.
Luxury branded vehicle models, such as interior accessories, headlights, accessories, electric switchers, drive axes, oil tanks, power generators, etc., have been assigned to solar branded vehicles, such as Honda, Toyota, Nissan, etc.: interior accessories, shock absorbers, electric switch machines, etc., have become compatible with vehicle models, and external client outreach has progressed smoothly.
3. Crossing cattle bear: High Roe has a significant long-term investment value, and Roe is significantly ahead of the auto parts industry. The company ' s Roe has been at a high level, and the company ' s performance as an engine for car parts in 2011-2018 has been affected, but Roe is still in the car parts industry for Shinwan.
8-10 pct leads. Highroe is derived from higher asset turnover and equity multipliers. The net interest rate on corporate sales is roughly the same as on the industry, but the asset turnover and equity multipliers are significantly higher than on the industry.
The downstream mainframe cooperation process has a high voice, a high turnover of receivables and inventory, which has led to a significantly higher turnover of assets in the public sector than in the industry, while companies have consistently maintained a robust asset-liability rate of more than 55 per cent per year, with investment attributes. We measure the net return profit of the company to its mother in 2021 at $6.8 billion, assuming a 45 per cent cash share.
The company is below the industry index and its value is significantly undervalued. The company, as a leader in parts and components of the automobile industry, has a significant lead industry in technology, households, and markets in terms of interior and external apparel, seating, headlights, chassis, body, passive safety, electrodynamicization, smart network, etc., but based on a unanimous wind projection, the company was significantly lower in 2021-2023.
We believe that the value of the company has been significantly underestimated and that in the future, as the rate of electricization and intelligent penetration increases, the firm's improved product layout will further expand its leading advantage in the area of spare parts, and the company estimates that it will cross the cattle bear: benefiting from the upgrading of consumption, internationalization strategies, expansion strategies, new energy improvements, neutralization wars.
The company continued to outperform market expectations and move out of the secondary market. Until 2016, the company, as a backbone of car spare parts and a subsidiary of the upper group, followed mainly in the secondary market from 2017 to 2018, when the automobile industry entered a period of transformation adjustment, and the upper group showed great resilience as a leader of the industry.
(b) Between 2019 and 2020, the automobile industry continued its trend of restructuring and began a recovery cycle towards the end of 2019, with the joint venture under the umbrella of the group performing poorly in general and in general, with sales running out of industry, but the company benefited from consumption.
Multiple factors, such as upgrading, internationalization strategies, expansion strategies, new energy improvements, neutralization strategies, continue to outperform market expectations and move out of independence in secondary markets. Looking ahead, industry levels: consumption escalation trends continue, companies benefit fully, and the Māori rate is expected to continue to rise;
At the corporate level: internationalization strategies, expansion strategies, electric transformation, neutralization strategies are systematically advanced, companies will operate continuously upwards and long-term investment values are significant.
Corporate growth logic: 1) Trends in consumption escalation: The volume of rickshaws and profit margins of the company's internal and external adornment business is being raised at the same time as those of the profit margin
The value was raised from 25,000 yuan to 47,000 yuan; 4) the neutralization strategy: Tesla was released and continued to obtain luxury brands, solar brands, and based on the above logic, we projected the following for each business section of the company:
4.2 Comparable company valuation is a domestic combination of parts and components, whose operations include interior and interior accessories, headlights, seating, heat management, electric drive, chassis, body, etc., leading the country in terms of technology, market share, and we choose beauty shares,
The value of the company 2021-2023 Pe is significantly lower than the average of the comparable companies. The domestic and foreign epidemic is not as high as expected, the auto industry is not recovering as expected, and new energy cars are sold (Texra, Grande).
The research assistant, Guo Tao, Master of Arts, Shanghai Transport University, worked at the Shanghai Automobile Group Limited Technology Centre and joined the Port of Shin securities in August 2020.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.