The resonance in the price of gold and copper helped to boost the performance of the company 03 China Gold (600489.sh) issued a three-monthly report for 2020, which enabled the company to achieve revenue in the first three quarters of 2020.
For $22,283 million, an increase of 32.73 per cent over the same period; achieving net ownership of listed companies (i) higher copper prices combined with a strong increase in copper production to help companies q3 achieve strong growth performance during the reporting period, central banks affected by the epidemic adopted ultra-oppressive currencies to boost their economies
Policies, global liquidity, drive a sharp rise in gold prices. By the third quarter of 2020, average domestic gold prices rose by 26.56% to $385.56 g on a year-on-year basis, of which q3 was a single season, while domestic copper prices fell in the first three quarters of 2020 due to the negative impact of the epidemic.
1.63 to 4707.32 yuan per ton. However, the domestic epidemic has been effectively controlled and economic recovery has led to a rapid rebound in domestic copper prices, with a 9.84 per cent increase in average copper prices in the first quarter of 2020q3, and 60.98 per cent of the shares of the ring-buyed Chinese smelters and 90 per cent of the share of the inland Mongolian mining industry on 9 April.
The completion of all the formalities has led to a significant increase in the company’s copper mineral volume. The rise in gold and copper prices and the increase in copper production following the build-up of assets have led to a significant increase in the company’s q3 performance. (ii) There is still room for an increase in gold and copper prices.
The company has completed the acquisition of 60.98% of the shares of the Central Harbour Mill and 90% of the share of the Inner Mongolia Mining Company, the assets of the restructuring subject have been cut off, the company's equity in copper concentrates, smelting copper, smelting gold production has increased significantly, and gold has become the company's main business.
The central banks still maintain a ultra-compressive monetary-policy policy revision policy framework that raises the US Federal Reserve, which has maintained monetary easing for a long period of time, and which remains at a high value of almost $1,900/ounce. And the global epidemic has re-emerged after the fall and winter of the northern hemisphere.
With the prospect of a new round of fiscal stimulus in Europe and the United States of America and more marginal goods, effective control of the prisoners' epidemic, economic recovery, and the revival of the overseas economy, all-US postures and liquidity support have driven copper prices to rebound, especially in November.
A new round of fiscal stimulus following the country’s elections, and the prospect of a stronger recovery in the country’s domestic and external vaccines at the end of this year and the beginning of next year, boosted the rise in copper prices. The rise in gold and copper prices will help release corporate performance.
Companies have strengthened copper mining and smelting operations through the acquisition of group assets, with a significant increase in copper mineral volume. Overflows of liquidity and continued low interest rates are expected to continue to rise in gold prices as a result of broad-based global monetary policy.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.