Improved profitability of refined oil products, strong integration of the international layout - Report of the incident evaluation of the company 002493.sz Emeritus published its semi-annual performance report for 2025: the first half of 2025.
Gross operating income was $148,629 million, a decrease of 7.83 per cent in the same year; net parentage was achieved 73.654 billion, a decline of 8.12 per cent in the same year, a decline in the ring, an increase in the level of gross refined oil products and a rise in polyester block revenues
In the first half of 2025, the international oil price hub fell back compared to the same period last year, bringing about an improvement in the cost end of the division. 2025h1 company refined oil/chemists/pta/polyester thinner revenues fell by the same year, but the Māori rate increased by 4.02 percentage points to the same year.
22.59% and profitability has recovered significantly. The chemical product harvests have increased by the same year, and the filamentary film plates have performed well, increasing by 31.53% over the same year, and the Māori rate has risen by 0.16 percentage points to 1.5%.
In the first half of the year, the company's sales, management, finance, R & D cost rates were 1, Emeritus (002493): net repatriation.
In terms of cash flows, the net cash flow generated by the company's operations in the first half of the year was $7,587 million, a reduction of about $806 million in comparison with the previous year, but it still maintains a large body.
The company's petrochemical integration project has 40 million tons of crude oil processing capacity per year, a global leader in refining integration, and a sustained consolidation of cost advantages through “reduced oil growth” and material recycling. Companies have made breakthroughs in core technology, for example.
China’s new high-performance discrimination catalyst for autonomous research and development in gold and petrochemicals has succeeded in industrialization, using it to break the foreign monopoly of technology. At the same time, the company’s strategic alliance with Saudi Arabia’s Arab-Americans has continued to deepen, with the intention of acquiring 50% of the share of the Saudi Arabian-American subsidiary Sasref Refinery.
By participating in its expansion, it is hoped that the pre-supply of raw materials and the expansion of global distribution channels will bring new energy into the company’s long-term development. The company is one of the leading companies in China’s major refining industries, with strong integration advantages.
Prior to the decline in petrochemical products, performance was under pressure. As the petrochemical industry’s bottom market competition intensified: project construction was not as fast as expected; product prices fluctuated; raw materials price fluctuations; downstream demand recovered less than expected.
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.