Glorystone (002493): 2025h1 performance pressure to continuously deepen the industrial chain layout pending cycle recovery Reason reported: Performance rating
The first half of 2025 saw a year-on-year decline in performance, with net profit not attributable to the mother-on-year increase: loss of output disposal and the impact of fair value changes in the gross operating income of the company 2025h1; reduced costs of raw materials for refined oils, polyester plates, and lower prices for aromatic hydrocarbons products to absorb the profits of the chemical plate: sub-business
In the first half of 2025, the company ' s refining/chemist/pta/polyester fibre plate, respectively, achieved a decrease in the price of raw materials (oil, coal, etc.). In 2025h1, the net profit from carbide was 2.1 billion yuan, a slight improvement over the same period; in the first half of the year, however, it lost $600 million, an increase of $400 million, mainly due to the price differential for aromatic products.
Capital expenditure continues to be invested, and projects are being built in an orderly manner: by the first half of 2025, the firm’s fixed assets had reached 2291.47 mega-intensity. Insein technology’s 250,000-ton functional polyester membrane expansion project was fully operational, with the company’s polyester membrane producing 430,000 tons per year, the country’s top four.
Energy-free fibre products are also active in the process. The high-performance resin projects, the high-end new materials project and the gold pond new materials project disclosed by the company are progressing steadily, and the industry landscape of refining is expected to be optimized in the context of company differentiation, high-end, green chemicals, “reverse inner volume” and lead companies or take the lead: for almost a year now, the domestic “reverse” has been successful.
In the near future, five ministries of the country have co-authored an assessment of old and old petrochemical industries. The leading firms have large-scale integration devices, strong technology, and well-funded, and are better able to withstand the effects of the transition, and are better able to invest in and develop green projects.
Predictions and proposals for investment: taking into account the current petrochemical cycle and the restoration of the market, we adjusted the price of the company's products.
Pride petrochemicals (002493): 2024h1 Performance with regard to the company's role as a major private industrial pilot, which maintains a “buy-in” rating for its assets, bearing in mind the value of the poles and scarcity.
Recognise, the long line of resilience - the company's summary evaluation Appendix: three series of forecasts of statements, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.