In the evening of August 22nd, 2025, the Pyrochemicals published their semi-annual report for 2025.
The company achieved business income of $148,629 million in the first half of the year, a decrease of 7.83 per cent in the same year; net return profits were realized \triangleright, where international oil prices in the first half of the year as a whole showed a shock-down trend and were largely offset by an over-expected increase in OEC+.
The expected impact of the US tariff policy shock demand, which in June pushed international oil prices by conflict, was weak after the ceasefire, with oil prices falling. Brent Ping averaged $71 per barrel in the first half of 2025, a 15% decline in the same year. Oil prices fell unilaterally in the first quarter of the year, and in the second quarter of the year.
Prices fluctuated more sharply, the raw materials and products of the company were impaired, the smelting landscape was weak, and the performance of the division was clearly under pressure in the first half of the year. In the first half of the year, the company ' s refined oil products, chemical products, polyesters and +0.16 pct, the main subsidiaries of the company, petrochemicals of China and the Yangtze of Zhejiang, achieved net profits, respectively, 21.
-$60 million, equal to +1, +4, +100 million, with slightly improved profits from petrochemicals of companies under their flag in the first half of the year, but with greater losses from petrochemicals in the same year, mainly aromatic plates with weak profits RM/t, which fell by $710, $1037/t, respectively, and aromatic plates with narrow profits to the company's performance belt.
An era of stock competition has come to appreciate the elasticity of advanced private refining capacity. According to the Commission’s policy, the country’s primary crude oil processing capacity was contained in 2025 at less than 1 billion tons, and the current refining expansion is nearing the end, bringing the total to the “red line” of policy.
Accelerating the phasing out of inefficient and backward production in industries such as refining oil, and the recent intensive centralization of the “reverse-in-the-roll” signal, adding taxes to further compressed living space, or pushing backward refining to accelerate the exit. According to figures, the start-up load of Shandong refinery has continued to drop since the fourth quarter of 2023.
The rate of start-up is currently around 50%. From the point of view of the evolution of the mode of supply of refined energy, we still look forward to the release of elasticity in the company’s future performance, in the light of our continuing benefits for the country’s private refining of advanced productive capacity, or against the backdrop of the current limited and reduced competitive pattern.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast net return profits for the company in 2025-2027, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., respectively
The prices are 57.09, 36.78 and 24.09 times higher. We're looking at the company's performance elasticity in the future stock competition for the company's shareholders.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating for the glorified petrochemicals. Risk factors: significant oil price shocks; less than expected new capacity-building; contribution of new capacity; less than expected performance; higher volatility in raw material prices; risk of excess refining capacity downstream;
The risk of slow recovery of profits from products; the risk of significant additions to the petrochemical industry under the “carbon neutrality” policy; and the global economic recovery are not as high as expected. Dr. Wing Wing, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Mineral Economics Society, China International Engineering
Member of the Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), for more than a decade, for research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and for more than a hundred of the subjects of “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning, technical policy revision of the coal industry and enterprise-related advice.
Liu Hong Guang, doctor at Beijing University, and member of the Central and Professional Committee of carbon peaks of the China Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the major energy sectors.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the stone industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.