“Crystal Energy Corporation: The components are in the top position, the globalization strategy and the storage capacity acceleration”, 2025.4.30.
In the first half of the year, the company 2. Crystal Energy Corporation assessed that there had been a significant increase in profitability, the Topcon dragon had achieved a 41.84gw output of the component, and the output of the component had continued to rank first in the industry.
3. "Crystal Energy Company Review: The Topcon Consumption, Globalizing Overseas Exporting, Japan’s Keeping the Japanese Marketing Champions for Years, Saudi Market Shares are significantly higher than
The q2 component of the public division delivered 24.3gw, with an expected q3 delivery of 20-23gw. The “reverse inner voltage” of the photovolt industry is solidly advanced, and is expected to boost price and profit recovery.
The six-month gap between supply and demand in the fluorescent sector has been highlighted, with companies operating under pressure, and the gross profit rate in the photovoltaic component sector falling to -0.98%. Since the end of June, the “reverse inner volume” in the photovoltaic industry has been solidly advanced, with prices for multiple links such as multiple crystalline silicone, silicon, battery, etc., rising, and a joint meeting of six ministries on August 19th.
A workshop on the photovoltaic industry, with the participation of relevant photovoltaic manufacturing and power-generating enterprises, is expected to lead to higher upscaling and incremental coverage costs, leading to profitable recovery in the industry. Topcon products continue to overlap, with technological advantages expected to break out of the industry.
Continuing to boost technological upgrading, with high-power Topcon production capacity at the end of the reporting period. Continued innovation and upgrading of production capacity in Topcon technology can be achieved on a relatively manageable basis with a projected 0.5-1 cent single-watt premium, which is expected to drive the public.
The storage system is expected to be released. The company continues to refine the storage track, and the bulk storage system, the sungiga industry and industry have achieved multi-project delivery and product line upgrading in the first half of the year.
At this level, the storage system’s target of 6gwh, 2025, is expected to accelerate the growth of profits driven by the release rate. Profit is expected to improve gradually, with firms having significant technological advantages and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market