The high-efficiency component ratio increases, with storage up at \triangleright, and net loss on non-mortality.
At a low level, the profit levels of the branches of industrial integration are high. The volume of goods delivered remains industry-first, and high premiums are expected for efficient products.
The Tigerneo series of high-efficiency components, with a cumulative global output of about 200gw, has become the best-selling component in company history, and the company has gradually developed a technologically upgraded portfolio of highly efficient and advanced production capabilities. Meanwhile, the public sector has led the global mainstream photovoltaic market, with 25h1 achieving a total of 41.84gw of photovoltaic components.
Dom Youngkang has a partial mainstream version power of 650-670w.
Existing capacity upgrades, relatively manageable inputs that do not involve additional capacity and are expected to generate 0.5-1 cents of single-watt premium on better power generation for customers will further accelerate industry capacity development and help Wang Yijun
The industry “reverses the inner volume” and promotes the long-term health of the industry. Deepen the global landscape, storage operations begin to expand. Companies’ overseas markets continue to expand, 25h1 overseas \triangleright
Jubaino, with about 60% of the output, the companies in the Middle East, South-East Asia and Latin America, are in the lead in the industry, and in the emerging markets, 25h1 Pakistani components have reached the level of last year's full-year delivery.
This year, it is expected that the release will begin, with the company having delivered a number of large and business storage projects in the first half of the year, and expected to reach 6 gwh throughout the year, giving further impetus to the deployment of the light storage integration solution.
One quarter of the year, 025, reports: the delivery of goods keeps the industry ahead, plus 23x14x. The company leads the topcon, with overseas channels and production-placement promising companies that cross the cycle, and storage operations are expected to re-energize the company and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Review: Māori ring ratio has improved significantly and is to be released as gdr accelerates: sales scale industry leads, forward-looking distribution of overseas capacity - 2024/09/03
5. Crystal energy (688223.sh) Tri-quarter 2023
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.