Aerial power, the full spectrum of the aeronautics product, has a strong certainty premium. The aeronautics have been assembled into almost all the models of the entire aeronautics, the most stable of the two-dimensional system for the volume of the product.
The company is a major air engine manufacturing base in the country, with a firm of firm premiums. The company's main product series, the "Tex" series, has been used on a large scale in the country's main warplane, and it's the only country that produces turbojets, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes.
With: national military helicopters and medium-sized transports are also fully listed in vortex, turbo-type products; companies producing turbo-type oars, pistons and all types of military aviation engines are classified into three main types of business: aviation engines and production.
The future is expected to achieve the vision of full national production of military engines. In addition, foreign trade is expected to accelerate with the acceleration of several priority-type engines, foreign-trade export sub-contracting operations, non-aeronautical products, and other developments.
Operations. The main products and services are military civil aviation engines, and the possibility of the launch of a national flight accompanied by a national warplane is gradually increasing.
At the maturity of the industry, civil-military gas turbines and civil-military civil-military motor maintenance are guaranteed at billions of dollars, totalling 250 billion dollars in market size.
Large cycles. The reliability and stability of the company’s three-generation engines are largely mature, and the rate of substitution for imports is increasing. In three years, it is expected that the company’s latest strike engine and transport engine, which it is working on, will be expected to fill the civil aviation engine void.
The development of qd128, qc185, qc70, r0110 gas turbines is also expected to lead to a national replacement. The company’s current production capacity is inadequate, with a new medium- to long-term layout, with a projected innovation cycle for the company’s products of up to 10 years.
In terms of the new market, we predict a total of 200 billion yuan in the future market space for 16, 20, 20, 20 and 10 priority new engines.
On the maintenance and replacement market, we assume that the total number of military air engines in the country is currently 800, with a 10-year useful life and a value of $30 million per engine, and we maintain and replace the market space every year.
It's 2.4 billion yuan. Together, the new market space is about 16 billion yuan a year, starting in the 1450s, the source of financial growth in the East.
Aerial engines and semiconductors are high barriers in hard nuclear technology, both of which are the biggest gaps in Chinese industry, and are in the midst of a trend toward strong State support and rapid growth. Nationally produced air engines are currently in the process of industrial upgrading, from military to civilian, with a high degree of “manager control” pressure and urgency.
At the national level, the “two engines” (aeronautical engines, gas turbines) are expected to be funded to support more than $300 billion. Moreover, because of the high risk of long cycles of aviation engine input, one engine design has to be designed in such a way that a large number of operational experiments have to be performed to detect potential reliability problems, and after a drying-up period, they will be produced in order to meet the requirements for a large volume loader.
The source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the driving force of navigation (600893), positive growth, long-term growth.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
When it rains, the teacher analyses his own research views.
Eung Heung Securities reported Aerial Motivation (600893), a certain growth with long-term cycles.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.