1q24 NRF growth by 69 per cent; 1q24 NRF growth by 69 per cent; net interest rate maintained at a higher level. 1) Single quarter: \triangleright
1q24, corporate revenue decline on a year-on-year basis, the first time since the first quarter of the single quarter since 2q20, with reduced demand rates during the same period; net cash flows from operating activities improved.
Yoon Cao Wei, Confucius, Zhao Bo-hoon.
Other gains ranged from $628.2 per cent to $54 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of companies benefiting from advanced manufacturing value-added tax plus tax offset tax preferences. Quality governance enabling development; accelerating the formation of “new-quality productivity.” 1) Governance enabling development: corporations
Billion dollars, capr = 32.4 per cent, companies continue to develop their enterprises with high-quality governance. 2) New areas of war: 23 per cent profit growth in 3 years; strategic and emerging industries: “In 2023, companies invested in the construction of high-end interconnected technology industry community projects, private aircraft and industrial networking estates.
2. The third quarter of 2023 of mid-air light power (002179.sz) has produced new results in the quality of corporate communications and industrial operations, data centres, oil equipment, photovoltaic storage capacity.
Assessment: 27 per cent profit growth: 1~3q23; high growth in areas such as building high-end interconnections; sustained growth in the coverage of new-energy automobiles in the mainstream, with the advent of market opening models for various projects, “Great Clients Plus Regions” throughout the year, and the emergence of the supporting role of globalization platforms.
In mid-2023, China Air Photovoltaics (002179.sz) reported an increase of 29 per cent in profits of 1h23; South China base operations upgrades; investment proposals: companies, as domestic special connectors, firmly committed to the “global first-class” interconnection programme
Industry levels are 2023/08/23. In the future, strategic and emerging industries will be scaled up and the industry will be laid down, creating a “second growth rating: 1q23 profit increases by 35%; connectors will be maintained.
Twenty-two years of record high net interest rates; new patterns of industrial development coupled with forward-looking and competitive layout of new industries, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.