Lithium billion latitudes (300014.sz) and tri-quarters 2025 were evaluated for the rapid growth in the volume of batteries delivered, equity incentives and historical factors were disturbing short-term profits, and net profits had an impact if they were to be returned, and profits showed a significant growth trend in the same ring.
The company’s power storage battery sales maintained a rapid growth trend. The company’s power storage battery released 83.ogwh, +47% in the three quarters of 2025; the power battery delivered 34.6gwh, +67% in the same year.
As a follow-up to the outlook, companies keep gaining approval from domestic and international customers for large-scale power cores, driving electricity and rapidly increasing pool sales; in the area of power batteries, companies are actively working with customers such as BMW, Ping, Snack, Wide-Stander, continuously increasing the supply of cars, and the market share is stable.
One-time return, equity incentives, etc., disturbs short-term profits; company mobile battery operating profits are stable. If the one-time return, equity incentives, etc. are added, we estimate that the non-net interest of the 2025q3 mobile battery unit is about $0.025/wh or more, with a small increase in the ring.
The company’s new technology is fast-tracked, and globalization strategy continues. The company Dragon Spring 2 has 10ah full solid-state power.
The pool was successfully delineated with a energy density of 300wh/kg, mainly for human robotic robotics, low-altitude vehicles, ai, etc.
It was completed in December 2025, with 60ah battery manufacturing capacity; phase II is planned to achieve 100mwh, in December 2026, 100m.
In addition, the Hungarian base layout has been steadily moving forward. In addition, the company cls model, " Million Lithium Energy (300014.sz) " , 2024 mid-year evaluation -- Consumable Capable Battery " , was launched at the end of 2025 to the beginning of 2026.
The first landing project, act, is planned to promote capacity-building and speed up the electricization of the North American commercial car market. The country’s collaborator factory is now fully operational and is collaborating to meet the continuing demand for downstream customer delivery.
The negative impact of annual profits, and the positive impact of domestic and foreign demand for power reserves on medium- and long-term performance. We adjusted the profit projections, and the company is expected to realize a net return profit in 2025-2027. Figure 2: Corporate operating income and growth in a single quarter (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 3: Net corporate return profit and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: Net corporate return profit and rate of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 5: Māori rate of companies, changes in net interest rates
Figure 6: Changes in the cost of companies, figure 700: Lithium power cell sales at latitudes (gwh) and figure 800: Lithium storage battery sales at latitudes (gwh)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject