Pauly's development has a strategic strength, multiple advantages, to lay the foundation for future development.
The company’s ability to cross the cycle was seen to be largely due to its clear strategic direction and strong executive power. Since its inception, the company has built up a strong resource to protect the river, its financial advantages, and its financial advantages.
On the one hand, there is a strong focus on the need for and the benefits of improved housing, as well as incentives to upgrade, to address housing needs, and on the other hand, there is a strong commitment to residential property, to the central second-line cities, and to the diversity associated with land tenure, no.
There has been a blind strategic transformation, which has maintained a strong industrial position. Unlike the traditional US firm, corporate growth in promoting marketization mechanisms will gradually accelerate, helping to achieve pre-return leaders, equity incentives, and follow-up mechanisms; the new management has actively increased since taking office, reflecting a determination to sustain corporate growth.
Three visions: stick to the real estate industry and adhere to the strategy of deep-farming "Cities + Cities". The company achieved sales of 53.4 billion yuan in 21 years, i.e. 6.4 per cent, and 8.8 per cent. 21h1 contributed 67.6 per cent of first-line urban sales, more than 26 billion in Guangzhou, more than 20 billion in Fuoshan, more than 100 per cent in Shanghai, Beijing, East China.
The company is good at adjusting the pace to changes in the land market, managing the pace of investment rationally, and supplementing the quality of land resources, while keeping the cost of land at reasonable levels, starting with a clear “one-wing” strategy with a clear “one-wing” average price/sales average, and growing business on both sides, working together to build a real estate ecological platform. As of the end of June 21, 1) real estate
Financial wings: the company owns a letter and guarantee fund (40 per cent of shares), a guarantee capital (45 per cent of shares), a peace fund (49 per cent of shares) and three real estate fund management agencies, with cumulative management funds of over 160 billion. 2) Integrated service wings: the company effectively integrates the ecosystem resources of the industry, of which 2.56 billion were raised to 8.04 billion in 20 years, and to 33 per cent in Cagr, which is expected to break down by 21 years; the Paulie business has opened 29 shopping centres, with a split of 29
14 central cities, with an area of 1.93 million square metres, a rental rate of over 80 per cent for the camp project, and a “time department” and “together” commercial brand; 4 autonomous brands under the umbrella of the Paulie Hotel, with 20 open hotels and 4873 guest rooms; 18 years of existence of the Paulie apartment, with a differentiated branding matrix to meet the housing needs of the different population, currently comprising two major brand systems, N+ and Yoga, which are currently 40 in the camp.
6120 rooms are open. In the case of Paulie brokerage, 18 years of successful equity consolidation with industry leaders, with companies holding 43.9 per cent of the shares, sales agents cover more than 200 cities, with over 2,200 agency projects and over 250 billion agency sales. Financial indicators: steady growth in revenue performance, profitability and solvency are at the forefront of the industry. Corporate collection performance is growing steadily; in industry.
Faced with the downward pressure on profit margins, the Māori and net interest rates of corporate development operations as a whole have risen, with 2021h1 ranked top 30 households at 32.5%. At the same time, moderate leverage levels have been maintained for many years, the only green-field business in 20-year Top5 businesses, and as of 21q3 remain green-margined, with multiple financing channels and low-interest financing advantages, with financing costs of just 4.7% as of September 21.
Building on the current “virtual cycle and healthy development”, good-quality housing companies have taken the lead in obtaining regulatory support for financing, and companies have maintained moderate leverage levels for many years, the only one to have achieved the Green Line of the three red lines in 2020 among Top5 firms, the advantage of the Green Line as of the end of the third quarter of 2021, the steady growth in revenue performance and sales, and the profitability of the industry as a whole, under pressure from declining profit margins.
At the same time, in 2021, the Sino-Soldier International Securities Company was actively involved, with new projects concentrated mostly in high-energy core areas; there were sufficient reserves of hand-held land to support future sales growth. We believe that the benefits of the upgrading of incentives with strong resources to protect the river, the financial advantages of the capital, and the incentives.
In the medium-to-long term, as risks ease, industry cleans up real estate: real estate development, further boosts the convergence of resources, such as capital and land, into high-quality headhouses, and the company acts as a source of financing and a high-quality leader with significant combined capacity.
Sales and settlements fell short of expectations; real estate regulations were tightened beyond expectations; financing continued to tighten; and diversified business development fell short of expectations. (86221) 203283481 “One-Step” strategy is clear, and the long-term leader has the strategic strength to move through the cycle.
The strategy is clear, the 30-year retention strategy is clear, the development of the insurance system has been ongoing since 1992 and the strategy is clear, the scale of sales has been steady in the top five or the top five branches of the industry in recent years. As the “one main two-wing” development strategy has continued, the “transition” of the industry has been actively managed on the basis of a sound backbone, and the company has gone through five stages of development:
Start-up of entrepreneurship, consolidation of foundations (1992-2002): Establishment of the company in 1992, development of the Pauli Red Cotton Park in 1995, establishment of the business structure of the company based on real estate development, development of the Paulie Garden in 1998 and construction of the first national model community for housing. 2) Based in Guangzhou, the country (2002-2006): launching of the “Three Mains, Two Combining” strategy in 2002: “Three”
Mainly, the two combinations refer to: a modest expansion of the industries concerned, mainly in the dominant real estate sector; a gradual expansion to other cities, mainly in Beijing and Shanghai; a modest expansion of other industries, mainly in the development of commodity housing; and a gradual optimization of the product structure. The two combinations refer to: rolling income development and a combination of operating income, capital and asset operations.
This strategy led to the opening of the first company shopping centre in 2009. In 2010, the company launched the “Three Mains, Three Links” strategy.
Development of related industries; gradual radiation exposure to second- and third-line cities, mainly in provincial capitals and central cities; and systematic growth of commercial properties in central cities, mainly in residential development. The “three combinations” are a combination of sustained expansion of operations and improved development efficiency; a combination of developmental and economic income; and a combination of asset and capital management.
4) Deep-farmers, diversified development (2010-2016): In 2010, the company set a target of “remaking a Pavlé estate” for three to five years, and in 2012, 45 cities throughout the country were laid out and for the first time entered into hundreds of millions of clubs. In 2013, the “3+2+x” urban layout was presented, with a vast core of "Circle Sea, Long Triangles, Pearl Triangles" in North, North, Central and Wuhan Central.
In 2014, the Ministry of Overseas Industries was established to enter Australia, the United Kingdom, the United States, etc., to complete the 2010 target of three to five years of a new Paulie. (5) Structural upgrading, one major two-wing (from 2016 to the present): a "one-wing two-wing" development strategy, focusing on real estate development, was launched in 2016.
It was renamed “Pauli Development,” which led to the development of real-estate investments, a “one main two-wing” business layout based on integrated services and real-estate finance, the development of a platform for the ecological development of real-estate property through a three-pronged approach.
The company’s shareholders are the PolySouth Group Limited and the Interstate Control Group, China’s Poly Group Limited. As of the end of September 2021, the group held a total of 40.49%; and the group is the largest central enterprise in the State Council with an asset supervision management board holding a stake.
The company’s value is fully recognized by medium- and long-term finance, especially risk financing. As of the end of September 2021, Taekang’s life together held 6.22% of the company’s shares.
The smooth transition of the management team, the new management team, rooted in Paulie, familiar with Paulie's culture, highly qualified, professional and cooperative, and experienced, is expected to lead the company to new achievements. In July-August 2021, former Chairman Song Guangjing resigned, Liu Ping took over as Chairman, Director General Zhou Dongli took over as Managing Director of the company and Mr Wang Yif was hired as Director General of Finance.
Chairman of several regional companies in Paulie, familiar with changes in industry trends and frontier markets, since his return to headquarters in 2015, acting as company director, billions to 500 billion dollars in size, with a “one-headed two-wing” strategic plan on the ground, initially creating a dynamic platform for real estate eco-development. Zhou Dongli began working in 1995 and has extensive financial audit experience and has been insured since October 2014.
From 2014 to 2020, the cost of integrated corporate financing fell from 6.5% to 4.77%, providing a good basis for firm sustained robust growth, while familiarizing with and recognizing corporate culture and working with the existing management team. With Liu Ping at its core, a new management team core was built, and a smooth transition was achieved, the company will take a new course of development.
Mr. Wang ' s long-standing experience of cooperation, both within the Paulie Group system, with directors of the Paulie Group Finance Company Ltd., will allow Paulie to develop a consistent style and strategy that will lead to a smooth transition period.
Corporate incentives and follow-up mechanisms are adequate, and the new management has actively increased since taking office, reflecting a determination to continue promoting the company’s development. Unlike the traditional US, companies are the leading players in market-oriented mechanisms. 1) Equity incentives: in 2012 and 2016, Paulie developed two-phase equity incentive schemes, making it the first to implement equity incentives.
The first stock options incentive scheme was adopted on 26 April 2012 and the number of options in the stock options incentive scheme is 178, including some directors, senior managers and managerial and technical cadres that have a direct impact on the company ' s performance and continued development. The plan is valid for six years, with the granting of stock options starting from the authorization period, and after two years of restricted tenure periods.
In three instalments, 30% and 40% of equity options are entitled to a viable right provided that the conditions for the exercise of the right are met. The net profit increase for the period of the right of option is not met (the third period of the right of access), and after the write-off in June 2017 of the right of the unlicensed stock options, the first equity incentive measure/equity, with a total of 688 persons, or 2.18% of the total number of employees of the company, is valid for a period of six years.
The annual net profit growth rate is not less than 8% annually, the company’s total asset turnover for one fiscal year before the date of the equity entitlement is authorized, and incentives are applied in each of the three options. As of now, 94.33% of the second equity incentive scheme has been implemented.
The implementation of the options incentive scheme will further improve the corporate governance structure, establish sound corporate long-term incentives, help to balance the short- and long-term goals of corporate development at the corporate governance level, help attract and retain excellence, stimulate the creation of continuing value and promote the long-term healthy development of companies.
2) Follow-up mechanism: At the end of 2017, the company became the first representative of the company’s real estate company, creating a mechanism for real-estate projects and investment, further stimulating the growth of the company. According to the Bill on Implementation of Real-estate Projects and Investments, the top 10% of the company’s project capital and the upper limit on investment funds are at a higher level for the company’s company (the same year’s incentive to engage in business first explored) and on investment funds.
With the first two rounds of equity incentives, the company incentive system is improving, and the interests of the company and employees are highly aligned. On 4 August, the company announced that the company's real-estated interest group had an increase of 500,000 shares, or 0.042 per cent of the total share capital; and through the current increase, the company's share capital was increased by 0.0042 per cent.
2 Adherence to real estate development and steady growth in sales; Adherence to the “central city + urban cluster” deep-farming strategy, rich and high-quality earth storage, 2.1 firm sales are growing steadily, and Adherence to “central city + urban cluster”
Companies have been able to grow steadily over a long period of time, thus keeping them at the forefront of the industry. In 2006, when they were listed, sales rose to 2.9%, the size of which was always at the top of the top five. We believe that the company’s ability to move through the cycle is largely due to its clear strategic direction and strong enforcement.
On the one hand, the housing needs of the population are addressed by a firm focus on new and improved housing; on the other hand, in the changing environment of the industry, the company has always maintained the housing estate, the core second-line city, and the diversity associated with it, without a blind strategic transformation and maintaining a strong industrial position. On the other hand, in order to increase its capacity, resources have not been managed.
From 2007 onwards, the company began to move from “scale growth” to “regional growth” throughout the country, setting up regional management centres. China’s East, North East, South China, China, China and the Rim Sea have different regional headquarters, with Guangzhou, Beijing and Shanghai at their core, implementing a parallel flat-level management model for the management of secondary corporate management and functional vertical management, guaranteeing the effective allocation of resources to manage it, from its previous headquarters,
The two-tier management structure of the first level of the firm moves to strategic headquarters, professional regions, implementation of a front-line three-tier management structure, gradual decentralization of professional management functions such as design, engineering and sales of past headquarters liabilities to regional centres, more efficient organizational platforms and a significant increase in implementation capacity.
In 2006-2009, the national market area for merchandise houses increased from 620 million to 950 million, from 208 trillion yuan in sales to a significant increase in the national market area and sales, and, in order to discourage speculative demand for investment, from 2010 to 2010, the policy of political control shifted from stimulus to tightening, with the annual compound increase in the area and sales of merchandise houses falling to 4 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively, from 2010 to 2014.
The first three-in-one strategy was launched in the year, with the goal of creating a new one in three to five years. But, as a result of the impact of the national market, corporate sales fell from 6.88 million in 2010 to 6.5 million in 2011, a 5.5 per cent decline in the same year, and sales went from 45 cities across the country in 2012 to hundreds of billions of clubs for the first time.
The central urban cluster, which is located north, upper and broad-based, include the Ring Sea, the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, Chengdu, Chongqing, the Wuhan, and the Heixi Economic Zone. The company’s sales area and sales volume grew to 1064, respectively, to meet the 2010 target of creating a more productive property for three to five years.
3) 2016-present: The real estate sector has entered the silver age, the market has been dominated by demand for housing, and the corporate strategy has been upgraded to a “one-key” wing. Since June 2016, the industry has embarked on a tight regulatory cycle, the implementation of a series of regulatory policies on “shelter-free” housing, the persistence of long-term mechanisms for real estate, and the market is now shifting to a growth logic dominated by real demand.
The annual compound growth rate of sales fell to 10% and 3%, respectively, but the firm grew rapidly in reverse, largely as a result of the launch of the new development strategy. The year saw the formation of a “one-key two-wing” business layout, based on integrated services and real estate finance, to create a platform for the ecological development of real estate.
Figure 12. Corporate sales have always been at the top five and top of the industry. Poly Estates have adhered to the strategy of “central cities + urban clusters” and have steadily increased their sales. The average sales price has been relatively high, with the average company sales price rising to RMB 14,750 per flat in 2020 and to RMB 16049 per flat in 2021, an increase of 8.8 per cent over the same period.
Companies ranked first in 16 cities and third in 39 cities. Single cities signed over 10 billion cities, two more than in 2019, making a combined sales contribution of over $270 billion, of which Guangzhou and Fushan combined sold more than $82 billion and more than $20 billion, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Beijing, and more than $10 billion. In the first half of 2021, Guangzhou was over $26 billion, Foshan was over $20 billion, Shanghai, Beijing, Beijing, Shanghai, Beijing.
With over 10 billion people, the strength of the strategic focus has been highlighted, and the impact of deep farming in the core regions and cities has been significant.
First-line cities: Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, second-line cities: Fushan, Jinan, Dong-hoon, Nakayama, Kunming, Su, Lanzhou, Nanking, Nan Chang, Nantong, Xiamen, Fatty, Dalian, Tianjin, Taiwon, Ningbo, Changzhou, Chengdu, No Tin, Hang
States, Wuhan, Shenyang, Chuhai, Shi Jiaxuan, Fuzhou, Xian, Chengzhou, Chongqing, Changchun, Chang Sha, Qingji Island, Haiguchi, Urumqi, Yiping, Taizhou, Xu, Huixiang, Wenzhou, Jinhua, Jinhua, Xiaoyuan, Smoking Station, Guiyang
Chart 15.2021h1 Long Triangle, Kyouta, Grand Bay, Chengjing City Long Triangle: Shanghai, Suzhou, Nanjing, Nantung, Jinhua, Wenzhou, Fatty, Ningbo, Changzhou, Tin-free, Hangzhou, Taizhou, Kae Heung, Shao Heng, Jinjiang, Lake Shuk, Salt City, Lake County, Choyama
Beijing, Tianjin, Shi Jiajia, Cheon Shui, Xiaohai, Jinzhou, Qinjia, Zhang Jiaguchi, Shoya, Great Bay Region: Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Fushan, Nakayama, Chuhai, Huaizhou, Jiangmen, Zhaoqing
Chengjing District: Chengdu, Chongqing, Deyang, Yingshan, Suning, and Yingbin 2.2 adhere to a differentiated and diversified outreach strategy to optimize the quality of earth storage. Companies are good at adapting the pace of investment to changes in the land market, and are well positioned to manage the pace of investment and supplement the quality of land resources.
1) Further improvement of the regional layout, steady expansion of operations, and a significant increase in the capacity for sustained development from 2009 to 2010, with up to 85 per cent sales in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
Up to 88 per cent, the layout of almost all first-line cities along the coast was completed, the strategic locations of the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle were reinforced, and a new situation was created in the economically developed second- and third-line cities surrounding the existing central cities.) The company insisted on the expansion of the “3+2+x” regional layout strategy and equivalents, mainly in the first- and second-line cities, in order to cancel the offer, etc., for the period 2011-2013.)
Expanding the principle of regional layout and supplementing, in due course, the project resources necessary for the development of the company to 30-45%. 9.33 million flats were added and 73% of land rights were reduced in 2011. In 2012, 43 new cities were added, 13.19 million flats were added.
The total value of the land is 44.7 billion yuan, although it has increased significantly over the same period, but the scale of the additions is still below the level of 2009-2010. Land acquisition is more diversified, with land rights being 65 per cent, with 24 of the 40 new projects being acquired in partnership, dominated by branded real estate developers, professional housing funds. In 2013, new cities such as Taihara, Suining, Kiyun, Zhangjiang, Xingqing and other cities, with a new face of 1,827 million flats were added.
Land grabs amounted to 56.8 billion yuan, an increase of 39 per cent and 27 per cent, respectively, and equity shares of 72.3 per cent, an increase of 7 percentage points in the same year. In 2014, companies applied the principle of prudential land acquisition in second-line cities with low market sales and high land prices.
33 per cent and 25 per cent reduction; 70 per cent land tenure; 69.5 per cent and 89.3 per cent respectively for first- and second-line urban extension, with 112 new projects in 2016 involving 24.4 million flat floors at a total cost of $121.4 billion, or 84 per cent and 85 per cent respectively, laying the foundation for subsequent company-scale development.
In addition, the company has been following the outreach strategy of the second-line city, with the second-line city expansion taking over Pida, where M & As integration became one of the most important means of complementing the company’s resources. In 2017, the company’s large M & As integration continued to work. On the one hand, the company completed 11 acquisitions under China Aviation Industries Group Ltd., with a new 5.38 million flat surface.
By the end of 2017, the Public Administration had accumulated 81 projects, including mergers and acquisitions, and 21.9 million new surfaces, amounting to 48 per cent of the total land area.
Ping, with 19.27 billion yuan in land, the company has continued to increase the penetration of second-line cities and core urban clusters, with 74 per cent and 61 per cent of the second-line urban expansion, respectively, and 53 per cent of the new construction of the third-line city is in the Grand Bay region and the Long Triangle. In 2019, 26.8 million square metres of land was added, amounting to 155.5 billion yuan, while the company has taken the initiative to increase the share of land ownership to 71 per cent, through industrial cooperation, old transformations, etc.
Acquisitions, including acquisitions, have been increasing in number and diversification capacity has been increasing in order to effectively supplement high-quality resources. (6) By 2020, Deep Farming “Centre + Urban Clusters” were maintained, and access to resources was increased. In 2020, when the company built new land reserves, the market became more rational and concentrated in the acquisition of resources, three or four quarters of land accounted for 65 per cent of the total for the year.
In the second half of 2021, the company began to reduce its spending on land, with its credit exposures and sales performances, and was more cautious in its approach to building land throughout the year.
The company has always kept the cost of land at a reasonable level, guaranteeing sufficient profit margins. As land prices rose in 2015, the average market price fell to 46%, and the profit margin for new land reserves improved.
In 19 cities in Shanghai, Hangzhou, Fuzhou, Humpty, Nanjing, Ningbo, etc., a total of 48 plots were awarded, 741 million square metres of land and 10,3.8 billion yuan of land, representing 59% of the total amount of land taken by the company. The average price of land taken by the company during the intensive production was $14,010 per flat, and the average price of the company ' s floor was higher than the three batches of 22 cities, as the land obtained was relatively good in the urban area and the land was of high quality.
The average floor price (9814 yuan per flat); the average premium rate is only 11.2 per cent, below the land premium rate for the company ' s new projects in 2019 and 2020 (for example, Shanghai, Xiamen and Guangzhou, amounting to over 10 billion yuan, 149 million yuan and 11.3 billion yuan, respectively; the city with the highest land-building share is Changsha (19.9 per cent), Guangzhou (10.4 per cent). The company ' s soil premium rate is 0 per cent in the cities of Guangzhou, Jinan, Qingjia and Wuhan.
In Changchun, Tianjin, Changsha, and Shanghai, the premium rate is less than 5%. The total share of land taken by companies is 3.0%, 3.8%, 5.4%, respectively, in the third series of 22 cities.
14.6 per cent and 10.6 per cent. Chart 22. All plots taken by the company as a result of the concentration of land are covered by the highest cities: Changsha (19.9 per cent), Guangzhou (10.4 per cent).
The data show that: the number of transactions made by companies in the city/combined production in the city in three batches; or the total value of the transactions; or the firm's adherence to the “centre + urban cluster” deep-farming strategy, which has developed and accumulated over the last 30 years, has formed the centre city at its core.
By the end of June 2021, the company had an area of 140 million flats and an area of 73.23 million flats to be developed to meet its development needs for 2-3 years, of which 61 per cent were in second-line cities and 37 per cent were in large core cities, and 6.5 per cent, 16.2 per cent, 5.4 per cent and 8.9 per cent were in the Long Triangle, the Great Bay Area, Kyuzin and Sungsing, respectively.
The project is rich in resources and quality and provides a solid foundation for the continued development of the company. First line of cities: Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Long Triangle: Shanghai, Su, Nanjing, Nantung, Kimhua, Wenzhou, All Fat, Ningbo, Changzhou,
Wuxi, Hangzhou, Taizhou, Ka Heung, Shao Xing, Jinjiang, Lake Lake, Salt City, Lake State, Choshan, Second-line cities: Fushan, Jinan, Dongzhou, Nakayama, Kunming, Suzhou, Lanzhou, Nanjing, Nanchang, Nantong, Xiaomeng, Fatty, Dalian, Tianjin, Taiwon, Ningbo, Changzhou, Chengdu, Tin, Hang
Beijing, Tianjin, Ishijia, Shai Shui, Xiaotai, Xiangzhou, Qinzhou, Zhangzhou, Wuhan, Shenyang, Chuhai, Shi Jiajiang, Fuzhou, Xian, Chengzhou, Chongqing, Changchun, Yang Jiaguchi,
Sha, Qingjia, Haiguchi, Urumqi, Linyu, Taizhou, Xuzhou, Huixiang, Wenzhou, Jinhua, Great Bay: Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Fushan, Nakayama, Chuhai, Hue, Jiangmen, Zhao Qing, Sek-Tai, Guiyang
Chengjing District: Chengdu, Chongqing, Deyang, Yingshan, Suinging, Yi Bin, 2.3 rationally grasp the pace of development and settlement of property, and it is expected that revenue will continue to grow steadily over the next two years. The company will reasonably manage the pace of completion and settlement and will continue to grow steadily over the next two years.
3 The “one-led two-wing” strategic blueprint was shaped to create a platform for the ecological development of real estate, which was upgraded to a platform for the ecological development of real estate, based on “investment in real estate development and integrated services and real estate finance”. In 2019, the market-based operation and business capacity of the company's two-wing operations continued to improve, with revenues from both-wing operations amounting to $11.3 billion, representing a proportional share of income.
A total of 4.8% of them, with the successful arrival of the real estate management portfolio in Hong Kong, represent a solid step forward in the company's strategy of “building a platform for the ecological development of real estate”. In 2020, the two-wing business was a diversified section that companies focused on developing real estate investments, with over a dozen integrated service modules covering property management, sales agents, business management, and other types of services dominated by real estate funds, inclusive finance.
The Movable Property Finance Platform, with two-wing operations earning $15.43 billion, an increase of 36.5 per cent, and an increase of 6.3 per cent. The two-wing business model, based on a coordinated approach, continuously upgrades the core competitiveness and marketization of the two-wing industry and consolidates efforts to build new industry poles.
14 cities in Guangzhou, Shanghai, Wuhan, etc.; 1.93 million square metres were opened, with a rent rate of over 80% in the camp project. 3) Paulie Hotel: 20 hotels, 4873 guest rooms, were opened by the end of June 2021. 4) Paulie Apartments: completion of the branding system in n+, yoga locomotives, 40 in the camp as of the end of June 2021, covering the core cities of Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou and Chengdu, cumulatively
6120 rooms opened. 5) Sales agent platform: sales agent operations cover more than 200 cities across the country, with over 2,200 agency projects and over 250 billion agent sales. 6) Real estate finance: corporate funds are managed on a cumulative scale of nearly 160 billion yuan, IPS funds, bail funds, and it was awarded “China's Top Real Estate Fund 10 in 2021”.
3.1 Real estate finance: The emphasis on capital for industrial empowerment, with cumulative management funds of over 160 billion, is on capital for industry, one of the country ' s earlier companies that established a private equity fund for real estate, with three real estate fund managers and cumulative management funds of over 160 billion yuan. On the one hand, there are good synergies between real estate finance and the company ' s real estate owners.
On the other hand, through the interface between capital and industry, the company will work on a new industry eco-system that integrates the target international investment agency. 1) Real estate fund operations will be primarily the responsibility of the company's investment fund management company, which was set up in June 2010 by a coalition of Sino-China securities.
Marketized, professionalized, independently operated and proactively managed equity fund management for merger consolidation and asset management; Cumulative management; Fund size of over 100 billion yuan, cumulative investment projects of over 180, investment layout of China's five core urban clusters, platform northbound, four front-line cities, and nine consecutive years of “Ten Real Estate Funds”.
Combining development and fund investments to scale up external financing and reduce the cost of financing. 2) Paulie (Tel) Capital Management Ltd. (Lean “Pauli Capital”) was established in December 2015 with 45% of corporate holdings and is the manager of private equity funds registered with the China Securities and Investment Association. The core business of interest capital includes development of real estate equity fund management, business real estate investment funds, private equity.
Asset management operations such as investment fund management, entrepreneurship fund management, and the future growth point of strategic deployment companies. In the light of current outward investment projects, the majority of companies are technology-oriented, such as the Golden Fluttershy (Property Services Cloud Platform), Xianchit (Skeletal Machines, Research and Development Businesses), Zoo-Technology (Flexible Screens), Combine Technology (Assual Smart), drop-outs, etc.)
The company's 49% shareholding, officially opened in Shanghai on 26 April 2018, is a new model for cross-border cooperation between domestic insurance companies and real estate companies in industries such as health, and for exploring insurance funds to develop old-age communities.
On 20 May 2019, the Quadripartite Strategy was signed by Pacific Life, Pacific Peace, Shanghai State and Suzhou State of Xin Xin Xin, which focused on the extension and expansion of the Great Health and Old Age Industry.
The life insurance company ' s financial insurance operations and resource advantages, the integration of high-quality resources in areas such as health care and health care and extension of the larger health industry, health care, large consumption, intelligent supply chain logistics, and more intensive cooperation in the areas of health, construction of the larger old-age industry and operation of the project.
Figure 35. Fund management for the development of Paulie has steadily increased, reaching 160 billion by the end of June 2021.
Companies effectively integrate industry's ecosystem resources, building, property, agency, asset operations, etc., to the level of 10 billion. From the needs of clients and communities, they create a system of excellent services in the fields of travel, fairs, rest and recuperation, education, and gold garments, providing a one-stop solution to people's well-being.
Apartments, Poly Fairs, Polyconservation, Paulie Education, Pauline Brigades, ten major business blocks. Chart 37. Companies effectively integrate the ecosystem resources of the industry, forming the bounties industry, Paulie brokers, Paulie Business, Paulie Hotel, Paulie Apartments, etc.
The Polytechnic industry, a controlled subsidiary under the Polyworld, was in its early stages as of the end of June 2021, and since 2005 the company has undergone three developments in terms of regional layouts, business layouts, industry layouts, etc.
2005-2011 (nationalization phase): In 2005, the Ministry of Self-Hovering obtained the “First Class Property Services Enterprise” and launched the National Directorate, which established the Shanghai Branch to take over the property management of the Shanghai Poly12 Oaks Estate. The company took the initiative to seize the industry’s opportunities, optimize the regional layout, speed up the expansion of the property management, and in 2011 substantially completed the national management of the property, covering five major national urban groups.
The company ' s main business at this stage is still based on real-estate services, which enhance client glue through the provision of high-quality basic property services and provide a solid basis for the potential provision of value-added services to the client community. 2011-2018 (value-added service layout phase): the company began to provide value-adding services for non-owners and value-adding services for owners in 2011.
Levels (19.5 per cent of the average value of value-added services earned by the 100-percent property management enterprise in 2018). 2018 to date (Multiple property portfolio layout phase): on the one hand, continued provision of high-quality value-added services, enhanced penetration of value-added services, further optimization of value-added service layouts, plans to deepen future value-added for owners such as beauty, community asset operations, old age, community education, etc.
Services. On the other hand, the multi-channel outage of companies, the diversification of management practices, the company ' s focus on new business practices such as commerce, writing buildings, public construction, and strengthening strategic partnerships with local governments and state-owned enterprises, such as the company ' s takeover of the Hunan Pavli Initiative in 2018, the launch of a nationwide platform for the management of campus properties, and the company ' s active exploration of innovative forms of cooperation in urban public service management systems, and
At the end of June of that year, the Poly Property Industry had 428 million square metres of managed area, 622 million square metres of contract space and 2,178 contract management projects, and the management services had a wide variety of business practices covering ordinary homes, high-end dwellings, writing buildings, government offices, commercial complexes, urban property, landscape property, hotel apartments, colleges, hospitals, etc.
As of the end of June 2021, the Poly Property Industry had 428 million square metres in the pipeline, 622 million square metres in contract, 2178 contract management projects and 193 locations throughout the country.
In the cities, where comprehensive regional coverage has been largely achieved, the problem of creating new regional teams is largely absent from the projects of other developers in any region. The market share of the property management sector in the country is currently 1.6 per cent net profit, per capita output, operating cost rates, quality of services (owner satisfaction, collection rate of property fees, renewal rate, number of asterisks), development potential (growth rate, growth rate, etc.).