Under the mud, it's worth highlighting the first time that Paulie's development (600048) has been covered by companies that have been managing policy trends over the past three decades, focusing on residential properties and maintaining business on a steady scale.
The real estate sector, which has experienced strict policy regulation, exposure to credit risk, etc., is now in a low state, but the policy landscape has improved steadily, with companies, as large and financially advantageous corporations, in the midst of industry adversity.
The market value of the liquidity shares (millions of dollars) has been a major source of land and has become a new business: 30 years since the company was founded, it has responded to policy trends.
Development, with attention to residential properties, and steady growth in the size of the business, the sale of goods has for many years stabilized in the top five, the top five, and the top three, and has hit the top three, the fourth in the industry, where the firm’s deep-deep-farming industry, coupled with the development of its two-wing business, has produced some results, especially in the field of business.
By mid-2021, the company ' s earth reserves stood at 2.5 trillion yuan, the second largest in the industry, starting with the company ' s land distribution.
At the end of mid-2021, 38 core urban resource reserves for deep-farming companies were over 70 per cent; (2) looking back at the company's land history since it was listed, the company was able to keep pace with market changes and concentrate its efforts at the end of the market period to boost the firm's industry.
32.83% of the total net profit earned by the mother is 28.1%, with profits growing at the highest rate in the industry. The company’s Māori ratio is under pressure by the market, but remains more resilient as a whole; there is significant cost control capacity, net (2) debt structure is healthy, leverage is reasonable, and financial advantages are highlighted.
Short-term cash debt is about twice as high, and financing costs are just 4.7%, which is close to the company’s historical low. Risk factors include a higher-than-expected tightening of real estate sector policies, a continued higher-than-expected spread of industry credit risk, and a lower-than-expected settlement income.
Pang Yunjiao, the leader of China's estate, is deep in the farming industry.
The Paulie Development Holdings Group Ltd. (hereinafter “Pauli Development” or “College”) is the country's largest corporate real estate company. The company, formerly the Guangzhou Poly Real Estate Development Corporation, was registered in Guangzhou in September 1992 as a fully owned subsidiary of the China PolySud Group Ltd.
Businesses. The company completed the re-engineering of the stock system in 2002, was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in July 2006, and a “two-wheel drive” strategy was launched the same year, involving high-quality commercial property in addition to residential development. In 2014, the Department of Overseas Industries was established, and then moved into Australia, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
In September 2018, the company upgraded the “one-headed two-wing” development strategy to “one-wing real estate investment development, with integrated services and real estate finance as the backbone” and worked to create a “real estate eco-development platform”.
(b) Horizontally based on real-estate patterns, offering integrated clothing such as residential, commercial, cultural, recreational, rest and recuperation, education, industrial operations and physical sites such as homes, writing buildings, hotels, shopping malls, playgrounds, estates, thematic parks, etc.
And through the links of talent, capital, technology, information, an organic system of symbiotic prosperity and harmonious development.
Structural upgrading, two-wing capital promotion, cross-growth, and, in 1992, the creation of the Guangzhou Paulie Real Estate Development.
In 2006, a stock was listed, proposing a “two-wheel drive” in 2016, a “one-lead-two-wing” development in 1996 and the establishment of the Pavli Industries.
In 2009, the first shopping centre was opened in Paulie Water City. in 2018, the name was changed to Paulie Development Holdings Group, 1997.
In 2010, a strategy was put forward to create a platform for the ecological development of real estate, with the concept of “natural and beautiful” products.
In 2019, the Poly Property Industry was listed at the Hong Kong border crossing point, and in 2010, based on Guangzhou and the whole country, a brand name was proposed for “Build Up by the Man”
In 2002, the reform of the stock system was completed, with a development strategy of “three for one and two” establishing “harmonization, building five and value channels”.
In 2012, for the first time, the Great Cross entered the hundreds of millions of clubs.
In 2013, the “3+2+x” urban cluster layout was introduced, and in 2014, the Ministry of Overseas Industries was established, Shenyang, Chongqing and Shanghai.
Under the umbrella of Paulie ' s development, there are three major clusters of real estate investment development, good living services, and real estate financial services, covering such business areas as real estate development, architectural design, brokerage agents, property, commerce, hotels, fairs, apartments, welfare, education, travel and gold control.
Figure 2: Poli Development of Immovable Property Eco-development Platform 1.2 Stable Equity, Multi-Standarded Group Limited (hereinafter “Pauli Group”).
37.69% shareholding, with a total of 40.49% shareholding, and a stable long-term equity structure for the company. Chart 3: Poly development equity structure (as of the end of the third quarter of 2021) Each increase in the company’s holdings was accompanied by a marked increase in the company’s share price.
For example, in August 2021, the President of the Corporation, Mr. Liu Ping, and all senior managers of the Fund gradually recovered in market value and became the most market-rich stock of the Fund in the real estate stock.
During the second quarter, as a result of the epidemic and policy tightening, the Fund ' s warehouse value for the real estate sector continued to decline, but since the third quarter of 2021, the size of the warehouse has gradually recovered. As of December 2021, the share of the real estate sector was 15.6 per cent, 100 million yuan, with a 32.8 per cent rise in the ring, and since the second quarter, it has increased significantly beyond Huanko to become the Fund ' s warehouse value in the Real Estate Unit.
Figure 6: Changes in the holdings of the Paulie Development Fund Figure 7: Changes in the holdings of the Real Estate Industry Fund 1.3 Management Roots, to ensure implementation of the strategy
The company ' s core manager, Zegen Corporation, has for many years enjoyed a smooth transition of management in 2021, guaranteeing the implementation of the company ' s strategy.The Paulie Development Proclamation of 30 July 2021, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the State Council ' s State Treasury Committee on the management of cadres, agreed that Ms. Song Guangju would resign from her position as Chairman and Director of the company for age reasons and would be replaced by Mr. Liu Ping, former Managing Director of the company.
On 18 August, the Board of Directors decided to appoint Mr. Zhou Dongli as General Manager of the Corporation and Mr. Wang Ivung as Director General of Finance of the Corporation. On 29 October, the Shareholder General Assembly elected Mr. Chen Guan and Mr. Hu Jinjin as candidates for the sixth session of the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
In terms of equity incentives, companies implemented equity incentives in 2012 and 2016, respectively. The first issue of the company ' s announcement of equity incentives was the implementation of the programme, which granted 5567 options.
A total of 175 managers and technical cadres were implemented in June 2017. Incentives for the second phase of the programme were expanded, both in terms of staff coverage and equity, and were important for stabilizing corporate executives and core cadres and enhancing market confidence.
Figure 10: The second phase of equity incentive stock-locking arrangements, in terms of projects and investments, led by the company to implement a follow-up scheme within the company’s real estate company, which created the status of the company’s real estate leader. In December 2017, the company considered and adopted a bill on the implementation of real estate projects and investment, agreeing to implement the real estate project.
The maximum amount of a single project is not more than 10% of the project’s maximum fund.
2 Deep Farming Owners, Stewardship 2.1 Products are diverse and well-positioned Focus on housing properties to meet the housing needs of the population: Under the policy of “shelterless housing”, the company always keeps producing.
In 2016, for the first time ever, a "full-life residential system" was launched in response to the needs of owners throughout their entire life cycle, which was recognized as "China"
A fifth-generation model of residence.” The year continues the product concept of “never-well-for-nothing” to form a new product system of 5-dimensional aesthetic values with a core value of “happy, color, sperm, intelligence, and health” to meet higher expectations for a better life.
Figure 11: Development of the Housing Product Classification of Paulie, with steady growth in size 2.1, is the firm's top real estate sales and has been the firm's top five or the firm's top five for many years.
The sales area is 53,492 million yuan and 3,333.2 million yuan, respectively, and is the fourth and fifth largest in the industry. The market share of companies has been rising since they were listed in 2006, and the company’s market share in sales volume and area has been growing steadily since 2021. The company’s sales in 2006 were only 8,365 million yuan.
2.2 Focus on the core cities, stabilize the share of interests, maintain the focus on second-line cities, increase the scale of single-city sales: companies always focus on the need for rigidity and change, adhere to the one- or two-line layout strategy, and maintain the first- or second-line market area at 70% to the left.
On the right, the average sales price increases each year. The share of equity sales has remained relatively stable, and cooperative development controls have been strong: in recent years, cooperative development has been a trend, although the scale of performance remains high in the strategic development of enterprises, but in long-term industrial competition, it is its own project.
Capacity such as quality, product creation, brand value, organizational control, etc., is also a core competitiveness of enterprise development, and Paulie always maintains a 70% equity ratio, maintaining high quality and efficient development.
Flexiblely adjust the size of the land to market conditions: the size of the land taken by the company began to grow significantly in 2014, the construction of new land reserves was tightened and the market was depressed, the pace of the land taken by the company slowed down, and the rate of increase fell but remained in absolute terms greater than 25 million square metres. In 2021, the company built 2.72 million square metres of land under the influence of limited land supply and tight financing policies.
Ground strength is expected to remain stable: taking land/sales as an indicator of the company’s ground strength, taking land gold one or two lines as the core in 2015, gradually widening the city’s layout: the company is expanding its urban layout, establishing the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 2014, with 57 cities around the globe, and has so far reached more than 100 cities. In urban choice, the company will insist.
Market capacity, demand, and second-line cities focus on regions with sustained population inflows, industries, and policies. In project selection, the development experience of urban upgrading, integrated urban development, industrial property, etc., is refined to achieve local replication.
Figure 25: Polystructural development (area caliber) Figure 26: Polystructural development (value caliber)
Over the period of October 2021, the premium rate fell, and the company concentrated its efforts and took more land. And in 2016, thanks to its excellent resource acquisition capacity, the company was able to save good quality and reasonable land resources, and in recent years, it was ranked second among industry companies, and the soil reserves were rich.
Figure 28: Development of the earth storage structure in Paulie (to be developed as a proportion of one or two lines of resources), sustained growth in the size of two-wing operations, with multiple incubation potential growth points
3.1 Together, the two wings promote new profit growth points The company's “two wings” (integrated services and real estate finance) continue to flourish: since 2016, when the “one-wing two-wing” layout was introduced, Paulie has developed the implementation of a “two-wing” strategy, which is constantly improving, on the one hand, to tap and invest in the value of the industry chain
The main line of business is the continuous optimization of the industrial layout and allocation of resources, the consolidation of the vanguard position of the estates and others, the acceleration of the development of potential boards such as parenting, meetings, etc., the intensive incubation of industries such as healthy old-age, and the improvement of integrated service layouts; on the other hand, building on industrial financial services, continuing to scale up and market the management of real estate funds and making full use of the industry.
Finance leads the way in exploring emerging strategic business areas, creating new profit growth poles. 2021h1, the “two-wing” income contribution is 11%, and its strategic value is gaining prominence. 3.2 Property is gradually gaining independent market competition.
Pavli Industries, a subsidiary of the Pavli Development Holdings, was founded in 1996 and successfully landed at the Port of Port in 2019 (6049.hk), with a brand value of more than 13.5 billion yuan, ranked third among the top 10 publicly listed companies of the China Institute of Indexes in 2020, and first among the leading companies in corporate management.
In 2021, the Polytechnic industry achieved a total revenue of $10,783 million, an increase of 34.16 per cent.
With 656 million square metres, there are 2,428 contracts in 196 cities. At the same time as the scale of the expansion, the contract shifts to the “soft capital” value of the services provided by the industry as a national force in the era of major properties, given the new development opportunities offered by the country’s 14th Plan.
3.3 Businesses continue to hatch in more than three integrated service blocks: Poly Business is committed to creating a good life for consumers by constructing three product systems: Time, Paulie Square, and Next-to-Friendly, which cover the consumption needs of diverse urban groups and channel unique cultural values to China's business development.
In the Chinese reference to the Institute's “2021 China Business Realty 100 Enterprises” ranking, Paulie Business ranking 17. By the end of mid-2021, corporate management assets projects had an area of more than 5 million square metres, with a total of 65 management projects, 29 of which were opened shopping malls in 14 cities, including Guangzhou, Shanghai and Wuhan, with an area of 1.93 million square metres in the camp.
Figure 38: Distribution of Paulie Businesses in Camp Shopping Centre Cities Healthy Old Age: Companies are actively responding to government initiatives to promote ageing and foster the development of the ageing industry and are steadily promoting healthy maintenance
The boss's section has developed in depth, and has achieved multiple layouts in such areas as institutional ageing, community ageing, aging products, a health industry exhibition, and pension integration. A high-quality institutional old-age brand has been successfully built, a public-owned brand, a public home brand, a community-based old-age brand, a community-based home brand, a community-based pension brand, and a professional, aging supplier, a social security company.
In seven regions of the country, there are more than 50 old-age programmes (including camping, waiting for start-up and storage), and more than 100,000 people (including community-based homes) have been provided with services, gradually forming a “triple-a-kind” model of healthy old-age development characterized by institutional, community-based and home-based services.
The Health Commission and 15 other departments have jointly published the Healthy Ageing Programme, which proposes to increase the supply of health-care services, promote affordable, quality-assured grouping, lock-in health-care facilities, and provide for greater development opportunities.
Apartments: The Central Economic Workshop of December 2017 identified the accelerated establishment of a multi-substance, multi-channel guarantee, rental-cum-purchase housing system; the central policy of 2019 remained focused on clear development directions, supporting and encouraging the development of the rental market for housing, expanding the pilot city of the collective construction of land for rental housing to 18 cities, and developing the rental market for housing in the country.
The Paulie apartment is a professional operating platform for apartment operations under Paulie’s banner, maintaining specialization, scalability, intensive operation, innovation, building core competitiveness in the apartment market, combined with long rents, short rents, centralized and decentralized multi-modal operations.
Camp management, through upgrading, upgrading, development and strengthening of new projects for old urban stock projects. By the end of mid-2021, there were 40 projects covering the core cities of Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou and Chengdu, with a cumulative total of 6120 openings
3.4 The financial scale of real estate has been steadily increasing. With respect to the financial wing of real estate, Pavli development has focused on capital-to-industry empowerment. It is one of the country's earlier companies that set up a private foundation for real estate, under the banner of a guarantee fund, a guarantee capital, and a peace deposit. As of the end of mid-2021,
The cumulative size of corporate funds is over 160 billion yuan, of which the ISF and the Pauly Capital were awarded China Real Estate Finance, “China's most powerful real estate fund Top10” 2020.
4.1 Firm growth in corporate performance and secure settlement revenue forecasted gross operating income of $28,504.8 million in 2021, an increase of 17.2 per cent over the same period, and net profit return of the mother 28.1 per cent
Under pressure, the net return profits of the company are growing at a higher rate. Industry policy regulation and market factors influence the growth rate of the main head houses, although at different rates, a share of the stock is growing at a similar rate.
The increase in the price of sales has been steady since the market, with liabilities replacing the amount sold, amounting to $459.9 billion at the end of the third quarter of 2021, which has remained at 1.5 times the value of the sales/revenue ratio in recent years, laying a solid foundation for future settlement income growth.
Reporting that the unsold amount at the end of the three-quarters was under pressure from 4.2 companies, but showed greater resilience, and that high-value projects influenced by regulatory policies such as “limited house prices, competitive land prices” and acquired in previous years became the driving force behind the carry-over.
It fell to 29.8 per cent, but the company, thanks to its strong core urban layout, its high share of land resources in second-line cities, and its excellent cost-control capacity, has demonstrated greater stability and resilience compared to its counterparts. Paulie’s management costs have remained at 2 per cent in recent years, below goldfields, Vankos, and sales costs are comparable to those of the same industry.
Companies are flat; the financial cost rate is slightly higher than gold, but the industry as a whole is low. On a high-morigin basis, companies rely on excellent operational management capacity and financing advantages, and net interest rates also show greater stability and resilience than the industry can do, with net interest rates in recent years increasing slightly compared to 11.03 per cent in 2016.
Figure 53: Prices during the development of Paulie Figure 54: Comparable corporate management costs with industry 4.3 benefits from the corporate context, and the cost advantage of financing highlights
The financing cost advantage highlights a slight relaxation of the industry policy level following a “five continuing drops” in loan speed, loan concentration, trust size, size of property to real estate, size of property to non-target assets, size of bank to real estate through a specific destination vehicle.
From November to the end of 2021, Paulie has successfully released $3.3 billion in housing abs, no more than $9.8 billion in corporate debt to pay off interest-bearing debts, and so on.
Figure 57: The cost of comprehensive financing for development in Pauly Figure 58: Total interest-bearing liabilities for development in Pauly (millions of yuan)
Debt structures remain at a reasonable level, and future financial advantages will continue to grow. In terms of debt structures, as of 2021, three divisions had short cash debts of about twice as high as they would have been, and companies continued to have sufficient cash flows in a tight industry financing pattern, giving companies more leverage space to choose in the future.
In order to share development risks and accelerate the return of funds, the company has in recent years invested in top-level business cooperation, leading to an increase in the share of minority shareholders in net assets, as well as in the share of joint ventures and joint ventures. By the end of the third quarter of 2021, the share of future companies in external cooperative development had remained relatively stable.
Figure 64: Minority equity interests versus gains and losses of minority shareholders over the years of development
The real estate industry, which has experienced strict policy regulation, exposure to credit risk, etc., is now in a low state, and the company, as a large company with financial advantages, has managed to maintain its edge in the industry’s adversity, and is expected to make a further breakthrough.
At the central level of the history of the past decade, it is expected that with the continuation of real estate sector policies and the steady rise in industry fundamentals, there is still room for upwards in the valuation levels of the Department, and we cover the company for the first time and give a buy-in rating.