"The State's Treasure Medicine," the "Quantities" rises in the golden age of development, Juddji.
The treatment of hepatic diseases is good, but the penetration rate is very low, and the market space is huge, and it is known as the "National Treasure Medicine" and has a unique effect in the field of liver treatment. My country is the world's largest hepatic country, with about 400 million patients, of whom over 120 million are hepatic.
With more than 200 million fat liver patients, about 7 million cirrhosis patients, and about 500,000 new liver cancer cases per year. The company’s promotion has not been proactive due to the limited long-term capacity of the Xia Xiao Xiao Xiao, resulting in very low penetration of hepatic patients. According to our estimates, hepatitis has the highest penetration rate.
At about 0.14 per cent, if the penetration rate for all liver patients is calculated to be at least 0.04 per cent, higher yields, higher prices, higher consumption and health perceptions, and the best period of outbreak 1) the production of natural musk has increased effectively after the artificial development of mussels.
As the only top-secret and most exported Chinese drug that uses natural mussels at the national level, it benefits directly from a gradual breakthrough in production bottlenecks after 2013; 2) After addressing the issue of production capacity, companies have increased their investment in product and brand promotion.
(c) From 2003 to date, the price increase in the traditional channels has been smaller than the consumption index, and is available to all urban households.
The growth rate of the three main consumption core indicators, such as income distribution and per capita consumption expenditure by urban households, was measured by the announcement on 27 May 2017 of an increase in the sale price of titanium from $500 per grain to 33 x 26 x. Given the position of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry in the country’s classified varieties, it is clear that there is a need for treatment.
We give companies a “buy-in” rating for efficiency gains, as well as for “volume-price increases.” The price increases are lower than expected; market spreads are lower than expected; there is a risk of supply of medicinal materials in raw materials; and there is a risk of price fluctuations in the prices of pharmaceutical products in raw materials.
The Chinese medicine is a representative of the Chinese variety. The Chinese medicine is based on Ming Dynasty's secret recipe and has a history of almost 500 years.
Varieties and drug protection varieties at the national level, whose production techniques are included in the national list of intangible cultural heritages, both within and outside the country, with their unique therapeutic effects known as the National Valuable Medicine, the Chinese Special Effects Antibiotic.
The field of medicine exports is at the forefront, and for many years it has been the top export of China’s Chinese medicine foreign trade single species.
In 1988, there was an outbreak of acute liver A in Shanghai and its neighbouring cities.
The E Bora Diagnostic Guide, issued by the National Institute of Chinese Medicine on 23 September 2014, lists titanium as a new recommended Chinese medicine.
In November 2015, the National Drug and Monitoring Service published the new Chinese medicine.
Technical guidelines for clinical research on the treatment of malignant tumours
The results of the treatment of liver diseases are determined. The latest study from the Shanghai Chinese University of Medicine shows that this can significantly improve liver fibrosis in rats, reduce liver fibrosis, reduce the serobic levels of chronic fat rats, reduce fat liver levels, reduce inflammation, significantly improve.
Chronic alcohol liver injuries, liver inflammation, reduction of haemolyte and sero-aminoase, etc. Experiments show significant improvements in liver diseases, such as liver fibrosis, chronic alcohol liver damage, and fat-induced chronic fat livers.
As the company's research and development has progressed, it has been shown that there are therapeutic effects in a wide range of adaptive conditions, including hepatitis, infection with inflammation, various traumas and fever.
The effects of pyrolysis, swelling pain control, etc., were most applied to liver patients, followed by falls and injuries, etc. 1.3. The country's top secret formula has an insuperable competitive advantage, and in order to protect Chinese medicine, we have classified the “state secret formula” into three levels.
The second level is classified at the national level. There are currently five types of medicines. The third level is the Chinese drug protection variety, with the first level of coverage.
This is one of the only two countries in China with a secret medium-level drug formula, with a unique intellectual property right. Not only is the formula permanently confidential, but the manufacturing process is also extremely secret.
The treatment effectiveness policy and the state ' s top-secret level of protection have created an insurmountable barrier to the treatment of the liver and liver in China. 1.4. The treatment effectiveness + resource attributes are determined to be a rare drug.
The main ingredients of the mackerel are cow yolk, musk, clover, and snake chore, of which natural musk is a precious Chinese potion. Musk is a secretion in a mature male man's bag, smells of special fragrance. It has the effect of awakening the spirit, living blood, and swollen pain relief, and it's a rare drug in Chinese medicine.
The use of natural musk is one of the most important indicators of the properties, scarcity, and high-value attributes of the neutron resources. Because of the high value of natural musk, the amount of musk is very small.
Since 2005, announcements have been issued to restrict the use of natural musk, which is not included in the bulletin, and to prevent the use of natural musk. As a valuable drug in our country’s treasure class, the tiles have become the first to use natural musk.
After 2013, the National Forestry Administration began to allow more pharmaceutical companies to produce mussels for their raw materials, because of the scale of the country’s artisanal production of scavengers, which provided more for the production of pharmaceutical companies.
There are currently 18 medicines and 17 businesses authorized to use musk.
2. In response to the health promotion and consumption upgrading opportunities, the market space for liver health care and treatment is huge. 2.1. The market space for Chinese medicine and health care is enormous.
There are about 400 million active hepatitis patients in the country, of which over 120 million are hepatitis patients; over 200 million are fat liver patients; about 7 million are cirrhosis patients in the country, according to WHO; and around 500,000 are new liver cancers every year.
As the life pressure on our people increases, and by analysing the data from the sample hospitals, we find that the number of liver patients is increasing year by year, and the rate of increase is increasing by more than 20% in 2016. The figures show that the proportion of liver patients is also increasing.
The number of patients increases by 15 per cent a year, and by 2020 the total population will be close to 700 million.
High, providing an excellent opportunity to open up the market for Chai Chiu. 1) China is a big hepatic country, with one in every 10 people suffering from hepatic diseases.
According to World Health Organization statistics, as of mid-2016, there were about 350 million cases of hepatitis B. Hepatitis carriers and 185 million cases of chronic hepatitis C virus, of which hepatitis B was found in China.
Nearly 100 million people have died of viral hepatitis-related diseases worldwide. The proportion of hepatitis B-related deaths per year is estimated to be about 80% of all hepatitis-related deaths in 2016.According to our estimated 100 million hepatitis B-related deaths in mid-2016, the number of hepatitis-related deaths in the country reached 80%.
In addition to the large number of patients, the number of new cases of hepatitis per year is around 1.4 million, which is assumed to be more than 130 million by 2020.) Hepatofibulation due to fat liver has become a major disease affecting the health of the entire population.
As the standard of living rises, fat liver has become a serious by-product of the economy of the country. According to data published by the Chinese Medical Doctors Association, the incidence of non-alcoholic fat liver in China is around 15%.
As a result, the incidence of non-alcoholic fat liver is 20-30% higher, close to the developed countries of the West. The incidence of highly obese fat liver is as high as 61% to 94% among non-alcoholic fat liver patients.
There are 200 million people. In the future, as the country ' s development and urbanization accelerates, the number will go further. About 10% of the simple fat liver will move to the fat hepatitis phase, of which 20-40% will develop into liver fibrosis and cirrhosis.
Hepatic cirrhosis will number more than 7 million people. Hepatic cirrhosis and cirrhosis have become one of the major chronic diseases affecting health, under our huge fat population. 3) Hepatic cancer continues to increase, and prevention is the best option.
The data from China ' s Cancer Statistics Report 2015 show that the number of new cases of liver cancer in the country in 2015 increased by more than 10,000, with a three-year compound growth rate of 6.57%. Hepatitis, cirrhosis, is one of the main causes of liver cancer.
Continuing improvements in the quality of life, especially in the rural population, have led to an increase in the number of hepatitis patients, which has further contributed to an increase in the incidence of liver cancer, which is both costly and difficult to treat, with serious consequences for the quality and quality of life of patients.
According to the health statistics, the average number of hospital admissions for liver and liver cerebral cancers in 2015 was 11.81 days, at a cost of $15,464.56, which is equivalent to $1,309.4 per day.
Daily health care can be effective in reducing the incidence of liver disease, preventing liver disease, reducing the incidence of liver cancer, reducing the financial burden on patients and improving the quality of life of patients.
In 2016, hepato was used by the Hepato Enterprise Hepato Phenomena, which generated income of $1,004 million, assuming that this income was derived from a series of products, according to which it was derived from a series of products.
About 400,000 of them are exported, and about 2.6 million are sold domestically. Based on one course of treatment for chronic hepatitis (three times a day, two days per piece of platinum, one month in a row), a maximum of 170,000 hepatic patients take care of them.
The rate of permeability is only around 0.14 per cent for all hepatitis patients, as measured by our calculations; if the whole number of hepatitis patients is calculated, the penetration rate is about 0.04 per cent. 2.3. Health promotion + consumption is leading to increased demand and penetration.
With the country's economic development progress, health for all has risen to the level of national strategies for development. A number of policies have been formulated at the national level, such as the “Healthy China 2030” programme and China's medium- and long-term plan for the prevention and control of slow STDs (2017-2025).
The need for healthy consumption is rising significantly. Hepatic diseases such as fat, alcohol, etc. are typically “rich” associated with improved living standards for individuals.
Chronic diseases are one of the major diseases in the country, especially in urban areas. Chronic liver diseases can be managed only through exercise, diet and drug control, while the formal protection of the liver and liver and histopathology are the most well-known drugs.
Starting in 2015, the company has increased its efforts to promote a series of products, highlighting the unique effects of the regular liver care and chronic liver treatment, and increasing the visibility and visibility of brand names. As the country ' s high-income population grows, health perceptions and consumption capacity improves, it can consume.
There is an increase in the number of patients and in the number of people who consciously use it for health care, and the increase in market space and penetration is a necessary trend.
Gold Opportunity 3.1. Natural musk supply increases to release the productive potential of the company Natural musk is subject to animal source collection restrictions and is a persistent bottleneck in the production capacity of a child.
The production of natural musk continues to be released with the increase in the scale of artificial musk production. The lack of supply of natural musk has been effectively alleviated by the fact that in 2011 the cultivation of mussels gradually took shape, reaching close to 20,000 years in 2016, with annual production of natural musk around 130 kg.
After 2005, the National Forestry Service still has a quota system for natural mussels, which strictly controls the use of natural mussels. After the successful introduction of artificial mussels, after 2013, the National Forestry Administration has properly liberalized the use of natural mussels and authorized more businesses to use natural mussels for Chinese medicine.
The amount of natural musk that an enterprise can use each year is taken into account in terms of its use, its sales of musk products and its contribution to the national production of mussels.
Natural musk for herbs, herbs for herbs, herbs for herbs for herbs.
We'll negotiate a deal with the drug dealer to encourage farming, the musk.
The National Forestry Service (AFA), which plans for farming until 2020, has registered a change in the National Forestry Service (AFA).
More natural musk owners.
The amount of musk is used, and the amount that is approved for use of natural musk, as the only country-level top-secret and largest-export drug that uses musk, has always been the advantage. And companies have been moving in in recent years.
The successful promotion of the herbs and the company’s own advantages, after 2013, the public, in the form of a company that has invested more than 20 million yuan in the production of mussels, while also contributing to the production of natural musk.
The Division eases the acquisition of natural musk, gradually unleashing the productive potential of the company. As a result of increased production, the company is more proactive in marketing and has more to offer to more areas, more to sell, and more to sell.
3.2. In keeping with the trend of upgrading the health industry, the company has stepped up its efforts to promote the development of new opportunities, and the treatment of liver diseases, which has proved to be highly effective, has long been limited, resulting in a lack of willingness to disseminate information and has been concentrated in the traditional marketing areas of the company.
These include: China’s exports to China’s East, South China, and abroad, which have led to long-term low penetration rates. At the same time as productive capacity has improved, there is a golden opportunity for improving public health awareness and consumption in our country’s health-related industrial upgrading trends, and companies have stepped up their outreach efforts to open up new opportunities.
1) China’s Eastern region is dominated and other geographical expansion opportunities are significant, with overall sales stabilizing, mainly in Hong Kong, Thailand, Singapore and Malaysia, as sales prices are adjusted and export revenues increased.
Domestic operations are concentrated in the South region, where the more consumer-capable region of China is the region with the most public distribution network, the most full coverage and the largest income. According to the company network, the Department has 115 sales outlets in East China, representing 60% of all 192 sales outlets.
According to the web site layout, only the provinces and municipalities of Fujian, Shanghai, Tianjin and Shandong are currently focusing on marketing, which will open up large geographical spaces in the future. (2) Increased marketing costs and awareness-raising efforts.
In recent years, companies have been actively promoting brands and investing in sales costs. Starting in 2014, companies have been increasing their investment in extension costs (promotion, marketing and advertising), and as the company’s production problems are gradually being addressed, the cost of extension over the past two years has been no matter how much they receive.
And in absolute terms, it's going to be a huge increase, and it's going to set the stage for the rapid growth of company products in the future.
Additional functions such as Chinese medical consultations and counselling services include awareness-raising and branding of the products listed in the film, and the creation of a new consumption model entitled “Cultural communication plus branding plus product promotion plus on-site (non-pharmaceutical)”.
After two years of development, the company has now opened more than 80 theatres covering such areas as the country’s best interests, airports, urban cultural neighbourhoods, or commercial areas.
There is still a great deal of room for development in the main marketing areas. The Poetry House provides a model of marketing cooperation, where distributors provide shop space, and where the company wants the shop and the counter to be set up, sells only the product of the company.
To reduce corporate capital investment and accelerate the start-up, and to help significantly in standardizing promotion, increasing visibility and patient consumption experiences. 4. Growing demand, rising costs, rising consumption, and sustained growth
4.1. From 2003 to 2015, the price of titanium rose by 2.78 times, smaller than the three core indicators.
The per capita consumption expenditure of urban households increased by 3.26 times more than the per capita disposable income of 3.75 times, while the main data representing consumption capacity grew more rapidly in 2015 than in the per capita consumption capacity, and again by 6 per cent in 2016, which is clearly less than the three major consumption-related indicators in the last five years.
The annual averages of the increases, and the latest statistics below the three indicators, are available. Although the price increases have been adjusted several times since the market, they are generally lower than the growth in the average per capita consumption capacity of the macro level, and they have been particularly effective in a wide range of treatments and health care areas, so we have
The cost of treatment after the price increases is still within the patient's capacity 1) is helping to reduce the cost of liver treatment as a whole.
According to our grass root research, the terminal retail price of the Xiaoyu was $500 per box at the beginning of 2017, so the cost of treatment for chronic hepatitis in the acute hepatitis box was around $250 per day, and the cost of the treatment course was around $1.705-5.250 and $7,500, respectively.
Hospitalization costs for alcoholic hepatitis (as of 2015 caliber) were $7,932, $10,846 and $8,899, respectively, with average daily costs of $583, $922 and $814 respectively for the duration of hospitalization.
The liver does not increase the cost of treatment, but rather helps to reduce the overall cost of medicine caused by hospitalization. 2) Higher income levels among the high-income population help to accept the price system.
According to the Bureau of Statistics, for example, the highest 20% of all residents in Beijing can pay $105,425 in 2016.
With an income of more than $316,000, families are well placed to receive treatment costs of $5,000-7,000 for acute and chronic hepatitis. 4.3. The price of titanium is rising steadily to cope with rising production costs.
According to the company’s cost analysis of histopathic drugs, the direct material (medium medicine) accounts for 84.9% of the cost, while the other labour costs and manufacturing costs are only 7.2% and 7.8%, respectively.
In the use of the main Chinese medicine, musk and snake chords are state-controlled. Natural musk has been on the rise for the past 10 years, and prices have stabilized with the success of the artificially cultivated musk, while snake chord prices have been stable for a long time.
Upgraded access led to an increase of 9.42 per cent in the cost of materials for the company ' s liver medicine in 2016, while direct labour and manufacturing costs for hepatitis drugs increased by 23.7 per cent and 9.2 per cent, respectively, and the combined cost of hepatitis drugs increased by 10.33 per cent compared to 2015.
The cost increase was significantly greater than the price increase of 6% in 2016, and there is scope for further price increases in the future to balance the impact of rising costs. The successive price increases were the result of an increase in the sales earnings and net profits of the same year’s products.
After the price increases in 2016, the net profits of the company grew at a lower rate, mainly because the company increased its promotion, resulting in 99.4% increase in brand promotion costs and 65% increase in overall sales costs in the same year.
But in the first quarter of 2017, after sales costs were absorbed, there was an increase in the net profits of the company as a whole. The price increase of the tiaras was closer to the price increase of the machete, mainly by a small margin.
Successive increases have been realized. With the rise in the price of Maotai, both its Māori and net profit rates have increased steadily and consistently, with the rate of income growth and net profit increasing following price increases, and through comparative analysis of the price increases and other economic indicators for 2010-2016.
This is a significant increase in the Māori rate and net interest rate. Similar changes to the increase in the price of dry tea, which has a direct impact on the company’s profit growth, are reflected in the Māori rate and the net interest rate.
This decline is due to the fact that the cost of sales increases faster than prices, as a result of higher cost increases and increased company promotion. So, in 2016, Tatsuya entered a new cycle of increase, with the prospect of re-replicating the price increase route for the high Māori and net profit rates.
According to data from 2003 to 2015, the price of the company was 2.78 times higher than that of the consumer index, 2.81 times higher than that of the consumer index, 3.75 times higher per capita disposable income for urban households and more than 6 per cent for urban households, the price of the consumer capacity increase is still significant.
In view of the increase in the prices of Maoutai and Tung Aquart, from 2003 to 2015, the consumption index is considered to be more in favour of ordinary consumer goods, while the consumption index is in favour of Maoutai, Tung Aquya and Tung Chau.
At the higher end of the spectrum, consumer goods should be higher than three products in terms of their consumption properties, which are closer to consumer goods, agola consumption properties, but both of which are therapeutic, the film consumption properties are the weakest, but the treatment properties are the strongest, and the health care.
The stronger the attributes, the less their capacity to increase prices and their impact on sales. So, by reference to the increase in the per capita consumption expenditure of urban households, we have calculated the price of the titanium, which in 2015 should be $365 per box, still higher than the current price of the titanium.
Because of its strong therapeutic properties, its high resource profile, its high brand premium, its continued increase in power, its rising cost, and its new price-raising week of 2016, the "one nuclear two-wing" strategy, it actively expands its core business and its surrounding products.
The company's governance structure is clear and stable and provides the basis for the next stage of development.
The former company had a total stock of 603 million shares, with 57.92 per cent of the first major shareholder, Xijiang Group Ltd., and the actual owner was the State Finance Committee of Xizhou City, with stable control. Mr. Liu Jianxiao, Chairman of the company, was elected to several administrative positions in Xizhou City in 2014.
In the last two years, the company has grown robustly, with significant increases in revenue and profits. 5.2. Expanding the “one-wing” development strategy on the basis of the “one-wing” brand of gold.
The company has developed a classic Chinese drug production (i.e. nuclear) around the brand of the "Photos" with health medicines, health foods, functional beverages and feature cosmetics, and solarized products as a two-wing "one nuclear two-wing" development strategy. The company is based on the powerful branding effect of the "Photos."
It's expanding its operations and expanding on the chain of big healthy industries. Currently, there are some 40 pharmaceutical products in the company, including a series of products, a combination of acupuncture cream, a combination of accelerometers, and a full branding of a product that expands to make-up and solar.
In terms of strategic development and product classifications, the company ' s revenues from the sale of pharmaceutical products have been growing year by year, with the product business gradually contributing to performance from 2007 to 2016, reaching $261 million in 2016, up from 5.3. Companies ' profitability has steadily improved
The cost of advertising and advertising was $178 million, a 100 per cent increase over the same period. 21.95 per cent on the basis of a substantial increase in promotional costs, the impact of the increase on Māori rates and net interest rates was significant.
As the country's “double-secret” and national-level drug-protection varieties, the company has a double advantage in the treatment of liver diseases, in the context of increasing natural musk production and consumption, and in the context of rising health prices.
Thus, we predict a high growth period in company performance between 2017 and 2019, with sales of 43x, 33x, 26x, and an absolute competitive advantage due to the special status of the Xanax as a state secret medium drug.
And its long-standing supply of raw materials restricted by Chinese medicine has led to a pattern of sales that has been in short supply and demand, and companies have long been in a high position to evaluate their prices, with an historical average value of 1 from 2007 to date) where prices have risen below expectations. We have increased according to the consumer index, as well as with regard to low-cost alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, etc.
A comparison of the price escalation logic and the price increase over the past year, with the final estimate that the product diffusion is likely to yield less than expected, with the risk of increased sales. 3) Risk of supply of medicinal materials in the raw materials.
FDA strictly controls that there is a risk of high price volatility of medicinal materials in raw materials where the natural musk of the ration does not meet the demand for expansion of the company’s productive capacity. There is a risk of large price volatility in pharmaceutical products such as natural musk, snake chords, etc., of the company’s main raw material.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board