I'm talking about a small amount of rare drugs, luxury products, high prices, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
• Core logic. Significant price increases: (1) price increases. Natural mussels, cow yolk, etc. are scarce and the price increases: small price increases compared to other brands such as aglue; the only competitive pattern in the country, with an estimated high probability of doubling the end price in 13:55; (2) volume.
The model moves its products from Fujian, South China, to China, North China, and the rest of the country: 3) in the 2016 annual report, raw materials amounting to about 740 million, natural musk stocks are sufficient, and companies are growing in the long term.
Sales have continued to grow. We are a large country with hepatitis B, which is highly contagious. But, as the standard of living of the population has improved, the number of cases of fat and alcohol hepatitis has increased rapidly in recent years, and the age of the disease has tended to rejuvenate.
The demand for products has increased, and it is estimated that the entire market space for hepatitis drugs could be more than 300 billion. In urban and rural areas, the value of scarce products, such as scarce goods, luxury goods, etc., is estimated to double within 13% of the end price. The musk is our first level of protection, and the country’s natural musk is strictly controlled.
In 2016, the General Forestry Administration approved a further seven varieties of companies to use natural musk, so the demand for mussels has become more competitive today. In 2016, there was an increase of about 134% in the stock of corporate goods and raw materials.
The company’s current reserves of raw materials, such as natural musk, are abundant to support its long-term growth. Given the tight supply and demand of the natural musk industry, a series of products are expected to rise sharply because of raw materials.
The model of a small-asset shop has led to the gradual movement of small-scale products from Fujian to China, South China, North China, and the rest of the country. The management strategy has been clear, with a change from the original business system to active marketing.a The construction of an enhanced small-asset shop (the first 80+ and the target of nearly 300) will significantly increase self-employment to 20-30% of income.
In addition, the company is actively developing the solar derivatives business, taking care of the industry, increasing the promotion of toothpaste, working with Silver (high-end customers) and developing power vendor sales counters, among other things, will complement the company’s ability to sell.
Accelerating performance: the new management is focusing on the construction of the end of the experience shop, and the new management is gradually moving towards the whole country: scarce products: 1. Small products: a large increase in the price of the series, 1. A strong supply of natural musk:
The market considers companies to be overvalued, and we believe that their changes should lead to increased growth in the future from the point of view of historical valuation, which is still below the center of the valuation over the past 10 years, but will continue to decline as performance increases.
We believe that the uniqueness of their products, their scarcity, and the special nature of their stage of development deserve to be valued. The market believes that musk bottlenecks may affect the long-term growth of firms, but we believe that the supply of musk, though tight, is high.
We believe that musk supplies are safe for companies, for the following reasons: 1) there are sufficient stocks. The growth of more than 10% of sales in the series in 2016, and the increase in commodity stocks will also be partly used for raw material purchases, and it will be judged that natural musk stocks will continue to grow; 2) there will be improvements in the industry.
According to data from the Chinese Ministry of Information and Forestry of Shaanxi Province, the number of mussels in 2011 was less than 10,000, while the latest figures for 2017 have doubled the number of mussels in seven years, effectively reducing industry pressure; 3) the company has stocks of musk. The company has a musk base in Sichuan and Shaanxi, more than 1,500, which will be supplemented.
The product sales are higher than expected, core product prices are higher, and reforms in the state sector are faster. Reflecting expectations of accelerated growth, it is recommended that consideration be given to comparative valuations, taking into account comparable corporate circumstances, as well as business dismantling.
Risks of increasing prices of raw materials, better health layout than expected, impact of product price increases on performance or below expectations.1 Corporate profile: scarce, luxury 1.1-volume price increases in branded drugs are evident and the net profitability of the parent company is positive
In recent years, the company has produced traditional Chinese medicine, which has been promoted on two wings: health medicine, health-care foods, functional drinks, and cosmetics with special effects, and solarized products.
From the point of view of the participating companies, the main division is as follows: the parent company is mainly a small group of products and some other generic products: the subsidiary cosmetics company is mainly solarized.
Production and sale of products; the company’s swab medicine is mainly in drug circulation, and the company is involved in the 24% share ratio of Fujian in the same spring. From the courthouse in Ming Dynasty, it has been over 500 years old. It has significant treatments such as anti-inflammation, detoxification, pain and so forth.
Health-care functions, especially in the areas of liver protection, elimination of anonymous swollen, etc., are uniquely effective. The company currently operates in a variety of types, such as chromosomes, capsules, ointments, and solarized series.
The construction of a large-scale health industry, with traditional Chinese medicine production at the forefront, with health-care medicines, health-care foods, functional beverages and cosmetics with special effects, and solar-chemical products, complemented by drug circulation, e-commerce.
(2) Integration of Chinese Chinese medicine culture with consumer marketing and promotion of product income through cultural marketing and value re-entry; 3) Increased incentives for salesmen and more liberal policies for distributors to boost product sales. Companies are expanding their marketing model and have eliminated the impact of the three-public consumption restrictions on product sales.
The recovery, with 2017q1 earning 860 million (+84 per cent) and the net return on maternity (+54 per cent), largely benefited from the company’s main business of pharmaceutical production and marketing, as well as its active construction of a healthy industry, gradually extending to health-care medicines, health-care foods, cosmetics and solar products. In 2016, the share of income from pharmaceutical plates and Māori was 87 per cent, respectively.
One billion yuan, an increase of about 22.5% in the same year, and an increase of more than 80% in the same year's income of 2017q1, mainly due to the increase in the price of a series of generic drugs, and the addition of a new Xiamen Xiaomeng Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan, which in 2016 generated about 2.02 billion yuan and 8.8 percentage points, respectively. The main reason was the increase in information and marketing inputs, the increase in remuneration and research and development inputs during the period.
Rate improvements have led to an acceleration in their rate of increase. The sales and management rates were about 8.6%, 5.9%, and the corresponding decline, respectively. The overall increase was smooth, in line with the logic of increased product sales input and better control over costs.
As the rates return to normal levels during the period, and as a result of price increases and cost controls, the corporate Māori ratio has generally recovered. In 2016, Māori rates have shown a significant upward trend, as a result of such factors as the benefits of price increases.
In our view, the company’s performance has been gradually reversed since 2015 and is now in a period of rapid growth. The main reasons are the following: 1) The company has strengthened its cooperation with the well-known chains and promoted the experience hall (over 80 of them are planned to reach more than 300 by 2020).
The new chairman of the board has been working on reforms since he took office. For 1.2 natural musk is a scarce resource, the company's products have a natural price increase gene, and the natural musk in the titanium is the main ingredient. Musk is the secretion of the male glands and is a traditional name in the field of Chinese medicine.
Natural musk compositions are complex, with more than eight anti-inflammation proteins, and they differ from artificial musk fragrances on the marking ingredient of musk ketone. With musk protecting animals at the national level, the total number of mussels in the country is currently less than 100,000. So natural musk fragrances are strictly limited to special effects, essential medicines, etc., and are used in key hospitals, with the Sichuan Institute estimating that each of the country ' s major plants is in a position to use them.
The annual demand for natural musk is over 1,000 kg, and optimistic estimates assume that there is still a supply and demand gap of 400 kg based on 50,000*10g/head = 500 kg. Given the large gap, the country manages its quota for natural musk; artificial musk is ordered for chemical synthesis, with an estimated annual demand of more than 10 tons.
In the area of musk farming, the main species of mussels constitute about 80% of the market, while the rest, such as original musk, musk, etc., account for less than 20%. As of February 2017, the stock of mussels in Phoenix County, Pyoxi City, Shaanxi Province, had reached more than 9,600 head, accounting for more than 50% of the country’s forest mussels.
In 2016, the Forestry Department approved another seven varieties of companies that could use natural musk, with a competitive pattern in the industry.
The price of raw materials has risen steadily. From 2010 to date, companies have announced a total of six price increases, with a market price of about $500 per inch of titanium and an aggregate price increase of about 56%. The price of East Aqué, which is subject to resource bottlenecks of donkeys, has risen from around $700/kg to around $4,000/kg over the same period, almost fivefold.
The return in value has also led to market value and profit growth, with each price increase having a significant impact on the company ' s performance in terms of the 2010-2016 compound increase in the net profit of Eastern Aquarium and historical price increases. The main reason is the scarcity of medicine in musk and the uniqueness of the product. And, according to the 2016 report and the 2017q1, the latest price increases have not resulted in any sales.
Each year, the purchase of musk is largely sufficient to satisfy the sale of that year’s products. Because of the scarcity of raw materials’ natural musk, the end product will remain expected to raise prices significantly in a short period of time.
Annually assumed plant prices are estimated (converted to about 3.08 million zolpidem); 2) price increases at 15 per cent per year, but in the long run we consider natural musk supplies to be safe for companies for the following reasons:
\triangleright funds, mainly for the purchase of raw materials, are expected to continue to grow in reserves such as natural musk;
By 10,000, the latest figures for February 2017 had reached 20,000, and the number of mussels had doubled over a seven-year period. We judged that the number of artificial mussels would grow rapidly in the context of high musk prices, easing the pressure on industry resources; and building its own musk base.
The annual production of musk is about 10 kg, which will relieve the pressure on the company’s raw materials, and the market price for musk is currently about $600,900/g (for research data, for example, different levels of musk ketone and different prices) in terms of the value of raw materials, with the following series of assumptions:
Assuming that the stock raw material contains about 60 per cent of the musk, or about 450 million yuan (which we estimate on a relatively conservative basis due to the lack of disclosure), the stock is about 500-750 kg (average of 625 kg); Assuming that about 130 million yuan (about 60 per cent) of the funds raised for the purpose of the change will be used for the purchase of natural musk reserves in 2017.
\triangleright also adds about 144-216 kg to the stock of natural musk (average 180 kg); we conservatively estimate that the company's foreseeable natural musk reserve in 2017 should be 644 kg-966kg (average is)
815 kg. If sales are calculated at about 3.08 million tons in 2016, assuming that the musk content is 0.09g per pill, the demand for mussels in 2016 is about 0.09g/sun*3.8 million tons = 277 kg. We conservatively estimate that the company’s natural stock of musk will not increase after 2017, and that there will be no annual price increases and sales will decline in each year’s pick-up drug series, and sales will be compounded on an annual basis.
The 10 per cent increase is estimated to measure the safety of the company’s natural musk stock, as shown in the table below: In our view, given the current situation, the increase in sales has not resulted in a decline in the amount of raw materials, its reserves and self-sustaining musk base, and the gradual improvement in the industry’s supply, so that natural musk is not a bottleneck in the enterprise’s development and the company’s long-term growth logic.
Hepatic disease is the highest burden of hepatitis disease in the world. Hepatic disease is a common and highly dangerous disease.
Toxic and non-viral hepatitis diseases, of which viral hepatitis is contagious and long-term development can also lead to complications such as cirrhosis of the liver, liver cancer, etc. Non-viral liver diseases are mainly alcohol and fat hepatitis. Our country is a large global hepatic country, dominated by viral hepatitis, which transmits the virus.
As the standard of living of the population has improved, the number of cases of fat and alcoholic livers has increased rapidly in recent years, and the age of cases has shown a trend towards rejuvenation. And hepatic diseases are chronic, leading to a steady increase in the hepatic population and disease burden in the country.
Twenty-eight million people, and 30% of chronic hepatitis B patients, have serious life-threatening complications, such as liver cirrhosis and liver cancer. During the period 2010-2015, the country’s pharmaceutical market for hepatitis has steadily increased, with sales increasing by 3,373 million yuan in 2015 compared to 2014, reaching $440.3 billion, an increase of 8.3 per cent compared with the previous increase of 7.6 per cent in the overall drug market.
The market for hepatitis drugs is the main source of distribution in hospitals, with a share of 86.10%. The market for hepatopathic drugs will continue to grow rapidly in the coming years, as economic development and social progress continue to raise people’s living standards and health perceptions, especially with regard to the introduction of hepatopathic drugs with autonomous intellectual property rights.
In the case of hepatitis B, the per capita cost of medicines for viral hepatitis patients in 2014 amounted to $7747.9, or 58.4 per cent, and the number of people living with chronic hepatitis B virus in the world was about 34 per cent, or more than 90 million, of whom 28 million were hepatitis B.
Only 15%, compared to 60% in large cities. For liver therapy, 100% penetration, the theoretical market for hepatitis B drugs is expected to be = 7747.9 * 58.4% * 28 million = 12,669 million. Taking into account the incidence of non-viral hepatitis, such as alcohol and non-alcoholic fat liver, with the level of consumption, in addition to viral hepatitis, such as hepatitis B,
According to the data from Sanofie, the prevalence rate is about 24% for the general population of fat liver patients, and the figures from Hebei Medicine show that the prevalence of fat liver among the general population is about 20-33%, with a higher rate of cirrhosis over the next 10-25 years. We estimate that the future market for non-viral hepatitis drugs will outpace the market for viral hepatitis, so it is expected that the entire market for hepatic drugs will be available.
More than 30 billion people suffer from hepatopathic diseases. Given the continuing growth in the number of hepatopathic patients, the continued low penetration of medications, the emergence of new drugs, and the fact that the increase in the level of consumption has contributed to the transfer of hepatitis treatment from liver to liver care, the market for hispatopathic drugs will continue to grow rapidly. 2.2 Exact efficacy + rising consumption contribute to a sustained increase in the sale of titanium.
The company has a history of traditional and expensive drug-making products for more than 450 years, with a long history, a culture of deep-seated brand advantage, and an amazing healing effect. It treats thermolytic detoxification, cold haemorrhage, swollen pains, which can be used for heat poisoning, acute chronic viral hepatitis caused by haemorrhage, anthracis, unnamed swollen, falls and injuries, and all kinds of inflammation. It treats liver, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer.
The prescription is a top-secret formula at the national level, which is unique and functional. In addition to treatment for hepatitis, tumours, elimination of unnamed heat and swelling, promotion of surgical knife healing, liver protection, alcohol protection, and clean treatment.
Unique effects, such as heat and beauty, can effectively eliminate “wet, heat, poison, evil” in the human body, and lead to good health, disease prevention, and health protection, which are the primary health-care prevention options, which are favoured by a growing number of medical experts and consumers. As companies do not disclose data on a series of income streams, reference is made to the parent company's operating income and net profits, 2017,q1 mothers.
The company ' s sales revenue was about 870 million (+27%) and its profitability continued to increase, with Māori rates and net interest rates reaching 83%, respectively, as a result of the unique formulation, the efficacy of the products and the valuable nature of the raw materials, a gradual shift in the product line from hepatitis to hepatitis medicine, which has become a well-known liver health product in the country. As the country ' s economy has continued to grow rapidly in recent years, the income of the population has increased.
As the income of the population increases, the consumer expenditure structure changes, traditional material consumption, such as food and clothing, shifts to higher-end service consumption, such as education, health care, tourism, etc., and the trend towards rising consumption is clear.
In our view, the drug series has not yet fully tapped its potential market value, and is expected to earn about $3 billion in 2020. The exclusive varieties of drugs in brands often have greater bargaining power, such as Yunnan White, East Aqué, etc.
The current levels of income for both white drugs and gum are about 5-6 billion (without a solar series) and 4.5 billion (without peaches) respectively. Both are facing resource bottlenecks in product development, but the return of product values through price increases, the extension of brand culture, and ultimately the development of billions of monoliths.
The process of travelling raw materials, given the hundreds of billions of liver protection markets, is expected to generate revenues of $3 billion by 2020, against a background of rising volume prices.3 The value of the brand has been extended to expand the derivatives business.
Based on the established credibility of pharmaceutical functions in the field of medicine, in recent years there has been a trend in brand-made pharmaceutical enterprises to develop cosmetics, solarization, and other productive business areas. The successful breakthrough in the toothpaste industry in Yunnan, and the new success of Tung Ah-kyu on peach blossoms, provide a model for many companies to move in.
Yunnan White is a typical success story in the cross-border movement of branded drugs to derivatives. Its health product subsidiary, which in 2015 earned 1.7 billion yuan in revenues and $750 million in profits, has in recent years maintained around 25% of its derivatives, mainly in solar and cosmetics, and in 2016 it earned 260 million yuan in daily supplies and cosmetics.
Since the size of the product’s income remains a bottleneck, the cost of the period and the cost of the increase have led to a gradual decline in its Maori rate, we judge that the solarization series will rise in both income and profitability as the end-of-service roll-out increases. With the strengthening of the drug-long channels, brand influence has increased.
The company’s cosmetics are in the end market of less than $100, mainly the Queen’s Series, the State’s Creature Series, the State’s Plumbing Series, and the State’s Colors Series. As part of the cosmetics subsidiary’s business was transferred in 2016 to the oral care subsidiary, a joint venture with Shanghai, the cosmetics subsidiary achieved a revenue of $170 million in 2016, a 7 per cent decline in comparison, if considered.
Moving business income is 21.2% higher than in the same year, and profits are still precarious due to the current small volume of revenue, which is at the advanced stage of investment. The company’s cosmetics business is now mainly run by its own marketing team, with its operations concentrated in Fujian, while the market in Beijing and Shanghai is gradually opening up, and it is hoped that a rapid increase in sales will be achieved in the future through a small-scale business-stubbing channel.
The company’s online launch of a flagship shop in Skycat, with good feedback from customers, and growing brand influence. The company’s sales volume reached $14.38 million in 2016 (about $11.92 million in 2015), a year-on-year increase.
In the area of solarization, the company is mainly developing toothpaste products, forming a system.
And, in terms of the domestic market pattern, herbal herbs will remain the dominant market force. Yunnan is a typical success story of cross-border toothpaste, with high-end positioning, continued exploitation in the toothpaste segment of the market, and a market share continued to leapfrog into the industry in 2015.
Due to the high end of the company ' s product, the average sale price of the toothpaste is $30/100g, and the price of the toothpaste is $20/100g. And the toothpaste market is rising, the market share of the top-end toothpaste has continued to grow in recent years, the company toothpaste location, the high-end market, and there is much room for development.
The company has set up a small family dental care company in Shanghai, and has expanded its oral care business. Shanghai’s family has become an annual large solar group selling more than $5 billion in products covering a variety of areas such as skin protection, makeup, fragrance, household use, etc.
In the area of cavity care, the strong channel advantage will be combined with the branded edge of a piece of toothpaste, which is expected to be sold quickly. Moreover, the company’s ability to sell will be supplemented by a piece of toothpaste that works with Silver and develops electricity vendor sales.
2) Average arithmetical value of the Chinese (Sen) industry for the latest 60 months of the beta value of the beta coefficient; Table 11: fcff valuation results, we have selected 4 domestic pharmaceutical companies in the industry as reference for valuation, specifically Yunnan White Medicine, Homo-Congreg, East Aquén, Guangwan.
In terms of market value. The company ' s current market value is approximately $32.2 billion, which is at a median level compared to comparable companies, but low \triangleright, in terms of corporate valuation, suggests that consideration should be given to sectoral valuation at the same time:
We estimate the income for 2016 to be about $950 million (the current scale of sales is far from \triangleright reacts to its brand value, estimated to peak at about $4 billion-$5 billion), if based on a conservative net profit rate of 55 per cent.
It is calculated that the net profit on the product line is approximately $520 million, and is expected to be a net profit in 2017. These include generic drugs, commercial circulation, solarization, and food, which can be predicted to be \triangleright.
This component is expected to be worth $200 million, and its contribution to the market value can be ignored. In summary, our core raw materials are natural musk, cow yolk, etc., and there are expectations of rising raw material prices that could have a volatility effect on the company’s production costs in the short term, given that musk is part of the country’s tight quota system and market demand is strong.
2) Large health layouts are less than expected Limited by resource bottlenecks, and companies are actively expanding their large health layouts such as skin protection, toothpaste, etc., but inefficiency in input output may drag the company ' s performance.
3) The impact of product price increases on performance or below expectations No compensation of any kind will not be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.