Europa (603833.sh)
In 2019, income was 13.53 billion, an increase of 17.6 per cent, a net profit of 1.84 billion, an increase of 17 per cent, a Māori rate of 35.8 per cent, a decline of 2.6 per cent, and an increase in the cost of labour and materials, an increase in liquidity. 4q achieved income of 4 billion, an increase of 20.7 per cent, a net profit of 460 million, an increase of 24 per cent, an increase of 24 per cent.
In 2019, in the face of a bad market environment in which the industry was declining, companies increased their performance by increasing the number of channels to build, enhance currents and optimize their products.
Billion/+60%, while the closet business was growing steadily, other product markets became more competitive and income grew rapidly. Through channels, there were more than 7,000 stores of all kinds in 2019, and the bulk of the business continued to grow at a rapid rate of $2.16 billion a year, an increase of 52.5%.
600 million, a 106% increase on the same date. At cost, benefiting from the control of sales costs, the epidemic caused a loss of 10 per cent at the rate of the year. Under-influenced by the epidemic, 10 orders and start-up rates were insufficient, resulting in income profits, double pressure, and 20-40 per cent decline in the revenue of cabinets/shelters/guard baths/woodgates, respectively, through channels.
The income decline ranged from 25 per cent to 50 per cent, with the number of end-door rings increasing by 25 per cent. On the cost side, the overall cost fell by 25 per cent from lower advertising marketing and lower R & D inputs, as well as higher interest income, but at a lower income level, the cost increased by 4.44 ptt.
Over the past year, despite industry pressure, companies have maintained a relatively robust performance growth that reflects an impressive level of risk tolerance, a new year in which internal business dynamism is enhanced through fine management, support for distributors and sustained optimization and outreach, and the internal and external governance of companies will be further improved.
In addition, based on data from 10 sources, the bulk of operations performed slightly well (oy-25%), with 537 million receivables at the end of the quarter, a 9% rise in the ring, and with the improvement of the epidemic, the district was lifted, domestic clothing requirements were warmed up and subsequent orders were expected to change.
This report is prepared by the Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or re-issued or printed for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report has not been independently validated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report (i) may be used to sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The certificate (i) may be sold on behalf of its account by or on behalf of its subsidiary (Hong Kong) and its consortium. The report ... is not intended to sell or induce customers to trade the certificate referred to in the report.