Europa (603833.sh) q1 loss within expected range, with a high degree of capacity for customizing taps to withstand shocks 29 April 2020
\triangleright q1 performance fell within the expected range, with Sofia, custom-made furniture camp 1 \triangleright
Market data: On April 28, 2020, there was a relatively high resilience to shocks. As at 29, there were six custom furniture departments that had been disclosed for a quarterly report, with six companies and their counterparts picking up speeds from high to low, according to the rate of growth in q1 battalion.
Not to mention: my home of pleasure (5.43 per cent), Piano (-15.52 per cent), Chi Bong (21.19 per cent), EU residences (35.09 per cent), Sofia (35.58 per cent) and the stocking (47.46 per cent).
The q1 period was marked by a significant increase in costs, with a drag on the Māori rate and a fall in net interest rates still within a limited range. Three factors – property end, policy end, and full recovery – were conducive to a rebound in corporate performance.
\triangleright Real Estate Marginal Data Warming, the demand for furniture and household consumption and customer flow will improve. As our new coronary pneumonia control and economic and social development efforts continue, the nation’s builders live in the city.
The resumption of work is clearly accelerating, with 32.85 billion yuan worth of sales at construction stores nationwide in March, representing an increase of 84.38.72% in the ring. In addition, a series of national and local consumer-promotion remissions has been introduced.
The policy is gradually working, and the consumption of q2 furniture is expected to recover gradually. 2019 performance forecasts meet expectations, both bulk and non-repository \triangleright
28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, macroeconomic growth is not as high as expected; property regulation policy risks; market promotion is not as high as expected; original material \triangleright
The risk of price fluctuations in China Sea, 28 San Lixi Street, Beijing City West Side; the risk management by dealers; the risk of large-scale business refunds, etc.
The present report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.