Europa (603833) light manufacturing, multi-source multi-channel, competitively significant, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Performance summary: in 2019, the company achieved business income of 13.53 billion yuan, an increase of 17.6 per cent in the same year; net profit return of 4 billion yuan, an increase of 20.7 per cent in the same year; net profit of 460 million yuan, an increase of 24.1 per cent in the same year; net profit of 390 million yuan, an increase of 10.4 per cent in the same year, after deduction.
The achievement of operating income of $1.43 billion, a 35.1 per cent decline, was attributable to the net profit of the mother and the net profit of the deduction, but with the gradual release of postponed consumption demand as the epidemic was brought under control, the year’s performance was expected to continue at a faster pace. Multiple types of goods were active, and the growth was bright. In 2019, the company broke out of the extreme market environment and realized its products.
The counter-growth of the category. Of this amount, the container service generated revenues of $6.19 billion, contributed 45.8 per cent, and increased by 7.4 per cent in larger volume cases, exceeding $600 million in full order orders throughout the year, at 106 per cent compared to 106 per cent in comparison, and was an important driver of retail performance growth. The closet business generated revenue of $5.17 billion and collected revenue.
In 2019, in an environment of intense competition, the company implemented a “multi-programming, multi-point bust” to achieve a full-scale marketing end, channel end, mode end, and product end performance on the closet business.
The increase is 37.7%/25.9%, mainly based on bulk-channel cavity adjustments. Among these, the Māori rate for cabinets/sewing cabinets/baskets/cargo operations is 0.2 to 6.9%, respectively.
Realization of the net interest rate of 13.6 per cent (-0.1 pp) was largely at the same level as last year. Business cash flow of companies in 19 years 1. Europa (603833): the product-group integration was remarkable, with a 33.5 per cent increase of 4.4 pp compared to the previous period.
2. Europole residence (603833): Keeping performance up faster, stagnating and making marketing more difficult for companies, leading to higher unit costs.
3. Europa Homes (603833): The performance is excellent, the whole channel is constantly well-developed, and the bulk of business is growing rapidly.
By the end of the 19th year, the number of company outlets had reached 7062, of which 2334, 2144 in closets, 985 in wooden doors, 611 in baths and 988 in O'Connor. In 2019, the company reached a new breakthrough of $730 million, a 56.9 per cent increase.
At the operational level, the company has increased the development of cabinets for engineering and has continued to build up a strong lead; actively integrated resources, set up independent sector-to-sector retail agent projects, taking full advantage of the advanced advantages of the Europa cabinets, and developed 100-Power real estate strategies and projects for other products (especially the wooden gates, which are necessary for the improvement of the equipment,
At the same time, in the front end of the project, further upgrading of the services of the engineering clientele was achieved, with three units working together to generate $2.16 billion in large-scale operations, up to 52.5%.
This has led to an improvement in the performance of companies. The company has advanced in two main ways: (1) by focusing on the five main lines of “product development, recruitment, training, delivery of orders, supply chain integration”, and by establishing exclusive support programmes to support the transformation of the management model of the assemblers and distributors: (2) by reducing the level of compliance of the company with the restructuring system.
At the end of 2019, the company had 275 dealers and 288 shops. The company continued to work on the deep-deep line, actively developing “traditional power suppliers + live retail sales”.
Online marketing system: In 2020, the company plans to construct a Euro-based mcn model that will transform online sales through micro-businesses, wide-scale accounts, grid-red explosion, etc., fully taps private-area flows, intercepts full-scale traffic and accelerates the flow shift.
The company, as a custom-made owner, has a clear advantage in its channels, products, brands, and the valuation is currently at a historically low rating, its configuration value is visible, and it is maintained, not because of, nor because of, nor will it receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.