In 2019, I reported a slightly higher income than I expected, and the closet and shop were stunned by: the company published a 2019 annual report:
One company issued a 19-year report and a 2001 performance report, with an annual increase of 17.59 per cent to $13.53 billion in 19 years, and a net profit increase of $17.02 to $1,839 million for mothers.
In 2019, the company continued to promote the cabinet + strategy at the retail end and to promote the transformation of the overall stock/flow (million shares) channel marketing through new channels: electricity suppliers, bulk stores, plastics, and co-opts in the closets.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) Packaging billings increased by 106 to 600 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, rising in proportion to the fact that companies have taken the lead in pilot cabinet distribution in the industry and are now producing more visible effects in many places, including Xian.
As a result, we believe that cabinets are the traditional advantage of Europe at the retail end, and in the future we believe that cabinets are at the retail end or affect the following directions: (a) continued active marketing and multi-annual reports, slightly over-expected profits.)
Deep farming through meta-channels (second-hand houses, old renovations, dressing, on-line, community, etc.); 2 Consumption - 2020/01/15 Further segmentation of markets, particularly the expansion of high-end and low-middle- and low-end markets (including plastics),
European Homes (603833) The European Homes are as important as q3, the former being more important in terms of branding, from the angle of increasing city ownership to good performance, and a clear medium- and long-term competitive advantage.
The latter is even more important;3 the progress of standardization at the manufacturing end, the overall downscaling effect, the exploitation of -2019/10/30 Potential:4 at the service end, and especially at the product end, efforts are made to establish differentiated competition systems.
In 2019, Europa continued to grow at a very high rate, looking forward to a better quality of our watch, with an increase in the q3 ring speed.
The Europeans were considered to have greater potential in large-scale operations and, although affected by the epidemic, might not be able to complete the closet business - 2019/08/28 - 24.56 per cent year-on-year increase in 2019, taking into account the Olysses.
The overall growth in cards (the cabinet plus the closet) is 34.7% to 725 million dollars, and we estimate that the Euphoria closet is contributing close to 300 million dollars in income (the corresponding contribution closet overall 7pct income), so the Euromaster brand is expected to grow by about 17.5% over the same period. We also estimate the bulk of the Europa closet business.
By contributing about 60 million earnings (1.5 pccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccdccccdccccccccccdcccccdcccdcccccdccccdcccccccccdccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc.........................ccc.c..ct.c.c.c.c.c.c.c.c.c.c.c.c.c.c.c.c..
Given that in 2019 the company opened only 31 new closets (2144 at the end of 2019), it can be considered that almost 12 percent of them were co-contributors, one of the indicators we think is clearly above the industry average.
We estimate that in 12% of the growth in the stock market, the rise in the value of the guest list has contributed to a large part of the increase in the volume of 19,800 meals, while the growth in the stock market has been sustained by the continuous growth of the stock market, which we believe is one of our most pleasant ways of growth, and we believe that the closet business is associated with the upgrading of the product.
With the logic of increasing the penetration of the package, there is still a lot of room for future billing, but at this stage, the side of the closet is still weak in terms of product strength, sku management, etc., and we look forward to the future of the newly established company ' s support centre.
This will be the direction we're focusing on in 2020, the year we took root in 2019, the year we reached $700 million, and the financial end, we're estimated to be contributing $500 million, and we're going to boost the company's overall income by about 4.5 per cent.
By the end of 2019, the company had 275 knitting agents and 288 kiosks. We think that the company is now, though it's been through last year's year's windfall, but whether it's at the level of business logic or changes before, we think it's at the level of pre- and post-dressing.
Retailing operations will continue to be one of the company ' s growth engines in 2020, and there is a clear benefit in reducing the conflict between zero sales and dressing agents after the change of appearance, and we believe that the successful example has enabled the company to better define the retail impact of the plastics model.
In the long run, we believe that the plastics model is one of the most important developments in the future, and that the Central European industry is still one of the most likely firms to come out of it. And we think that the plastics, because of the special nature of their business, make it possible to integrate the supply chain.
This is particularly important, on the one hand, to raise the overall guest value of the company, and on the other, to further bind it to the home. In the long run, this business is expected to create synergies with traditional retailing, and even with large-scale operations, to become the best soil and mode of extension.
In terms of informatization, the company mentioned in its annual report that in 2019 it achieved the initial goal of building a European customized home-based information system with a full range of products, and that our goal for the future remains to speed up the informatization of the key, and to move forward in many forms in the piloting process.
Information systems that are integrated from marketing to manufacturing end. Although there are some differences in the current caxa software in terms of prices (especially for packaged products) and rendering effects, we believe that overall progress in 2019 has been significant.
Large, and in the future, we will continue to focus on the company’s recent battles in this area. In the first quarter of 202, due to the impact of the epidemic, the report looked at the company’s lockers, closets, baths, and alternative consumer companies’ performance, although many looked forward to the end of “retaliatory consumption” in April.
There's no response from home-based businesses, but we still believe that the toughest quarter has passed, and that the furniture companies' billings are significantly better than q1 at the grass roots, and that despite the uncertainty of the epidemic, we also believe that the alpha-owned companies are in a better position.
Long-term dimensions can prove their value. Supply chain integration, for example, is a leading industry, and given that companies can become the future champions of the 2 trillion home/home-dressing industry, the current market value of $45.4 billion is undervalued in the medium to long term to maintain “buy”
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.