New hope (000876.sz) short-term pressure on pig farming, robust growth in the size of diverse products, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating, average cost of farm farming in the industry at the beginning of the second quarter, and losses in the company's pig production operations accompanied by lower prices for pigs
Large. During the reporting period, the company lost $1.002 billion in impairment of assets in pig farming operations, leading to diversification of the company ' s operations in the first half of the year, combined with continued optimization of the company ' s production structure and full cost, expected post-deficit loss and downtime of pig prices, restructuring of the company ' s capacity expansion rate and continued optimization of farm productivity.
During the reporting period, the company sold 4.4611 million live pigs (+110%), of which 305,559 were fertile and 140,52 million were grown. At the end of the reporting period, the company had 6 million pig farms and more than 1.6 million pig farms.
Production indicators, such as the real rate, have recovered steadily, reaching 10 in June and 9.4 in June, with average weaning costs falling to $470 per head in July. Cost estimates show a 45% decline in capital expenditure q2 ring ratio, a 56% decline in start-up cost q2 ring ratio, and it is expected that post-company capital spending and start-up costs will continue.
Reduced depreciation in total farm costs and an optimal reduction in management cost-sharing costs. Quick growth in feed, poultry and food operations supported medium-term changes in the size of the company. Over the reporting period, total stock sales for each type of feed totalled 1,0110,000 tons (+27 per cent), pigs/fowl/aquaculture/refractions.
The sale of 265,654.24 million tons each resulted in a positive increase in overall sales volume and an overall surge in sales-led industries, accelerated release, with down-priced pigs performing on hundreds of millions (+11 per cent) and butchered chickens and ducks 352 million (equal to the same amount).
Corporate Information Update - Post-Puppet Business