H1 forage is robust, pigs are under pressure 31 August 2021: the company released its mid-2021 report and earned business income in the first half of 2021
During the first half of 2021, companies sold 13.53 million tons of feed products, an increase of 29 per cent over the previous year of 3.01 million tons. Outgrower sales amounted to 2.65 million tons, an increase of 98 per cent over the same period.
At the same time, the company's basic feed business benefits from the pig's post-generation cycle, which is supported by cash flows. In addition, the export of poultry feed increased by 10 per cent in the same year (with a 6 per cent reduction in the national production of poultry), the sale of water products by 29 per cent in the same year (with a 9 per cent increase in the national production of water), and the sale of anti-sorts by the same amount.
Farming is low, companies are experiencing cyclical pains. The supply of pigs has recovered rapidly since this year, supply and demand have shifted to easing, prices have dropped, and companies are under pressure.
In addition, the price of raw pigs has fallen rapidly, and companies account for a significant increase in impairment losses, including in expendable biological assets, which has affected a total net profit reduction of $1.08 billion for the current period.
In the first half of the year, corporate poultry revenues increased by 1.43% over the year, Māori by 0.3% over the same year, and the overall poultry business by 0.3%.
Management change, strategy extension, or something new. Management, companies are constantly improving their performance, experimenting with an Amiba-like model, managing, producing and selling all production units.
All sales are accounted for by the smallest units. The company has tried to use it in business management such as feed, food, etc. Strategicly, the company insists on a strategy of “feeding hard, pig-breeding, meat-fowl, good food, out of the deep sea.” We think the company's layout is “feed-breeding-slaughter-food” master.
In the long run, the company will demonstrate the advantages of integration. In the future, the company is expected to exploit synergies through better management, with new bright spots in strategic business such as pig farming, food, etc. The new hope is that domestic feed taps will grow. The expansion of the company’s livestock production and the extension of its food operations.
RMB, which corresponds to 44 times Pe in 2023 and gives a “possession” rating.