Performance meets expectations, innovation drives long-term growth
Events: On 19 August 2025, the company released its mid-2025 performance. The pharmaceutical industry continued to grow in 2025h1 and revenues from innovative products entered the fast-growing path. 2025h1 The East Central America earned $7.317 billion (including cso operations), an increase of 9.24 per cent over the same period.
Realization of operating income of 3,696 million yuan (including cso operations), an increase of 12.04 per cent in the same year, a net return of 737 million yuan, an increase of 16.34 per cent in the same year. The contribution of revenue from innovative product operations continued to rise, with sales and agency services totalling $1,084 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 59 per cent in the same year and a high rate of growth.
A valid order; the Somitutov Project launched a formal commercial sale in the country in 2025q4, with a sales fee of about $30 million in the first half of the year in the Australasia Bay region of Hong Kong; more than 1,200 hospitals have been opened in the first half of the year by Ussinau, and market sales are gradually increasing; and a new 1.5-generation Parp has been promoted by the exclusive.
Home. In addition, the company ' s pharmaceutical industry R & D investment (excluding equity investment) of $1,484 million, which represents an increase of 15.97 per cent of the pharmaceutical industry ' s revenues, and high R & D inputs that support the rapid clinicalization of innovative products.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s total operating income from the medical and US plate was $11.12 billion (excluding internal offsets), a decline in the same year. The subsidiary 'sinclair ' s sales revenue was about $524 million, the same year.
The overall sales trend has continued to improve, with a combined sales income of $368 million, an increase of 29 per cent over the same period last year, with a 23 per cent increase in special raw materials & intermediate plates, a 37 per cent increase in xrna plates, high health & biology xrna, special raw materials & intermediates, large health & biological materials, animal health four main strategic directions
On the basis of the Bureau, capacity-building for product development and market development will accelerate the opening of international markets. Investment proposals: the company’s pharmaceutical industry, medical beauty, and industrial micro-organisms, among others, will remain sound and creative, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
He has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Xianpei, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Shanghai Transport University, more than 10 years of medical examination and research experience in the pharmaceutical industry, extensive research by companies, with a view to medicine, Sun Yi, two masters in pharmaceutical engineering at Nanjing University/University of New South Wales business analysis, employed in civil securities in 2021, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2023 and was mainly engaged in research.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.