Mid-2025 Report: Industrial plates are attributed to the parent profit increase Company announcement: 2025h1, the company achieved a gross operating income of $21,675 million (+3.39 per cent, indicating the same rate of increase, lower), a net return to the mother of $1,815 million (+ 7.01 per cent) and a net non-return to the mother.
As of 2025h1, the Center for Research and Development of Innovative Medicines is promoting more than 80 innovative lines of medicine for development. 1) In the area of endocrine, oral glp-1ra decomposition to Chinese iii has been completed and is conducting late-stage physical and haematological i clinical treatments and co-medics for dlbcl.
The ib&ii clinical team has been launched; muc17adc is running the Chinese i phase and the U.S. ind has been approved. 3) Self-exempted area: Usinau's anti-domestic adaptive disorder has spread to children's spots, massive silver chips, and Crohn's adaptive disorder is under review; Roflot's emulsions are silver chips.
The medical plate 2025h1 achieved income of 1,112 million yuan (excluding internal offsets), a decline of 17.5% compared to the figure of 17.5%.
In the maili series, mailextreme was officially commercialized in May; mailiprecise is currently the wrap-up reporting phase.
All new clinical treatments for ellanse-s have been completed; llanse-m was registered in China in January for processing at nmpa. 3) In overseas regions, all injecting pipe products in the Middle East have reached more than ten.
Markets are registered and listed, ebd core products are registered at an overall rate of 50%; the United States region has half the pace of clinical entry of the ellanse-s type, e-mails, kio015, etc. are actively preparing for registration. Innovations start a new stage of development.
Chinese Medicine (000963); 2024: slightly over-expected profit performance, industrial block and industry  profit forecast and investment rating: taking into account the decline in income from medical and American operations in the first half of the year and the variety of innovations
Three major financial forecasting tables for Chinese medicine The East Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.