Wang Wei-chul 25h1 clean yoy + 7%, new drugs continue to grow and match expectations.
900 million yuan, yoy+8.0 per cent, 860 million yuan, yoy+9.9 per cent of the net profit, and the company announced a medium-term distribution plan for every 10 shares of gold and red (tax-bearing) $3.50.
The core company, China East 25h1, which includes cso businesses, received $7.32 billion in cash, yoy + 9.2 per cent, and received $1.580 billion in maternity money, yoy + 14.1 per cent, of which 02 + 16.3 per cent benefited mainly from new drugs, which now cover tumors, endocrines, and multiple fields of self-immunisation.
The priority products include phenylacetic acids, lilaluse injection fluids, amino acid plus glycerine tablets, Usino anti-injection fluids, car-t-injection fluids and Somitto anti-injection fluids (for which q4 is officially commercialized), 25h1 has a revenue of $1.08 billion, yoy + 59 per cent.
RMB 520 million, yoy-8%, Qingkomi School 540 million, yoy-12.2% in the country, but in comparison to the one-quarter cycle, the average revenue of British and Chinese companies in the 02nd quarter grew by 20% and 14%, recovered slightly in the quarter, and the company ' s high-end urinate product maili was in the series for the year.
City, we're predicting that the Medico-American portfolio may be compromised in the course of the year; (3) the company’s pharmaceutical industry has been stable, with 25h1 generating 13.35 billion yuan, yoy +2.9 per cent, net profits of 230 million dollars, yoy + 3.7 per cent; the Maori rate has risen, and the cost of research has increased: the company’s 2502 grand Māori ratio is 34.9 per cent.
1.5 percentage points, two percentage points higher than the one per cent, mainly a high-mori rate of innovative products that are gradually contributing to the increase in the Māori ratio. The company ' s cost rate for the period 02 is 24.0%, an increase of 0.7 percentage points, mainly one percentage point higher than the one per cent higher for the development of fees and multiple projects that continue to progress.
We're in bed, but we think that the company’s new development is going to keep moving, and we're going to ensure that our future performance increases. Profit forecasting and investment advice: we're looking at how much of the company’s new drugs are going to work, but considering that many of the projects are going to bed, spending is going up, and we're going to cut the profit forecast down.
Risk Note: The development and marketing of new drugs is unexpected, the medical sale is unexpected, and the transfer of profit and profit is expensive, Chinaresearchdept. This report is written by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. investment and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. is not... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or re-distributed.
The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Limited believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) is limited to any company ... to make any assurance about the accuracy and integrity of the report, or to represent or provide any written assurance, and does not have any responsibility or obligation for the accuracy and integrity of the report. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Limited, and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action before receiving the report or on the basis of information or research resulting from the report.
There is no liability for any loss resulting from the use of this report. The data and opinions in this report may or may not be changed prior to prior notification. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or position on the certificate described in this report@, or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and subsidiaries may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf (@. This report ... is not used to sell or induce customers to trade in the certificate referred to in the report.
20 August 2025