There is a steady growth in the performance of medical medicine in China and a steady push for innovation in research and development, and a transfer of 0 shares (including taxes) to the red stock without a transfer from the public fund to the capital stock.
Industrial plates continue to show a positive growth trend. On a quarterly basis, companies have achieved combined revenues of 10,939 million yuan in the second quarter, an increase of 3.65 per cent in the same year; net returns to mothers of 900 million yuan, an increase of 7.98 per cent in the same year; net returns to non-returns of 864 million yuan, an increase of 9.85 per cent in the same year.
Among these, the central subsidiary, China and the Middle East, continued its positive growth trend with a revenue of $7.317 billion in the first half of the year (including a business block revenue of $13.947 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.91 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $226 million, an increase of 3.67 per cent in the same year: the medical plate was exposed to external pressures such as global macroeconomic fluctuations and market demand adjustment).
In the first half of the year, the amount of RMB 1,112 million was realized, a decline in the same year. In the first half of the year, RMB 368 million, a 29% increase in the same year.
As the strategy moves forward, the company moves into a window period where results are being delivered and values are being released, and the revenue from innovative products continues to rise, with revenues from corporate innovation sales and agency services totalling $1,084 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 59% over the same period, entering the fast growth path.
In March 24, Kaiser was approved for listing. As of the first half of this year, Xai Xai Quezer had certified and filed medical facilities covering more than 20 provinces and cities throughout the country. In January 2025, the company ' s exclusive market promoted a new 1.5-generation Parp inhibitor, Senapali, which was approved for listing by the National Drug Surveillance Authority and is now commercialized for sale;
The innovative somiture is the world’s first and only approved fra-positive anti-vaginal fluid. The target for ovarian cancer is an arc drug, which is scheduled to be officially commercialized in the country in the fourth quarter of 2025. With the approval of new company products, we look forward to the continued development of the company’s industrial plate.
The company’s pharmaceutical industry has a specialized pharmaceutical service and market outreach team, which is based on clinical values and academic outreach, and constantly increases the organization of the company’s commercialization team. At present, companies maintain market access and network coverage.
The company's business team has established strategic cooperation with more than 95 per cent of mainstream pharmaceutical companies at home and abroad, with marketing networks covering all 91 districts of Zhejiang, 100 per cent penetration of public hospitals and continued development of high-value retail pharmacies.
With new private medical clients, a well-developed business network is expected to further ensure that corporate innovation is available, that corporate business is growing robustly, that innovation products are gradually gaining harvest, that we maintain the forecast of corporate innovation sales for 2025-2027, and that corporate innovation is not being developed as expected.
China East Medicine 20241028 China East Medicine 20240816 Chinese-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Qualifying in portfolio investment consulting operations