A strong core engine of chemical agents/chemicals/pharmaceuticals 7.01 per cent increase in the future, driven by innovation pipelines; net gain/loss on a non-recurring basis attributable to shareholders in listed companies
In the first half of 2025, the company made a profit of 1,112 million yuan, a decline in the same year. In this case, the pharmaceutical industry has achieved a net return profit, and income from innovative products has passed over $1 billion, entering a fast-growing path.
The continued expansion of the industrial commercialization of innovation product ladders and the continued marketing of newly approved innovations have become one of the central drivers of the continued growth of the pharmaceutical industry. Corporate innovation and revenue from product operations have continued to rise in the first half of the year, bringing total sales and agency revenues to 1,084 million.
A 59 per cent increase in the same year has been achieved and has entered a high growth path, representing innovative products such as Nihina, Liluping, Hyo-jing, Sai-Xin, Ei-Rah and car-t products, with 111 valid orders in the first half of the year, which are expected to sustain rapid growth.
Momentum: As the only global innovation recommended by co-i-level, with guidance from domestic and foreign authorities, Elah has achieved about $30 million in sales revenue in the Bay of Australasia region of Hong Kong in the first half of the year, and is scheduled to launch the formal commercialization of the product in the country in the fourth quarter of this year.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s research and development input in the pharmaceutical industry (excluding equity investment) was 1,484 million yuan, an increase of 33.75 per cent compared to 33.75 per cent.
Direct R & D expenditure was 1,174 million yuan, an increase of 54.21% over the same period, while direct R & D expenditure was 15.97% of the pharmaceutical industry. The Corporate Center for Innovative Medicines Research and Development is promoting more than 80 innovative drug pipelines, with many positive results in the first half of 2025.
Additional information has been submitted on the listing of non-provocable Nsclc patients for partial late replacement of mutation or first-line treatment of transient Nsclc patients, which is expected to be approved in the course of the year; differences in company-owned research and development of adc drugs (hdm2005, hdm20202020, hdm2012, hdm2017, etc.)
hdm2024) Gradient layout: leading project hdm2005 (target towards ror1) is in the first global echelon, Chinese in the joint therapy treatment dlbcl was approved in April, and Mcl adaptive orphan drug eligibility in the United States was determined in February and three clinical trials are under way in the country
(Hamma monodynamy in doses, first dose and climb-up, dlbcl combined therapy initiated); hdm202020 and hdm2012 (target towards muc 17, the first clinical case in the world) were approved by Central Meind and first dose was completed in August; hdm2017
In July, ind; hdm2024, expected q4 in. pd-l1/vegf/tgf-beta three-point antibody integration protein (dr30206) was a global leader, with the first Nsclcb drug award completed in April, and its application for joint chemotherapy treatment for digestive tumors was approved.
iii. Endocrine area: oral glp-1 accelerator hdm1002 body heavy management of China iii period completion of iii period (ii data excellence) and diabetic iii start of diabetic; glp-1r/gipr double target hdm1005 weight management and diabetic dysentery are both completed, prev.
Count q4 into iii and add osa and hfpef adaptation ind batch; first-in-class 3-point accelerator dr10624 with positive results during hyperglycerine triester sepsis, fat in liver ii group; compound formulation hdm1010 with U.S. diabetic ind batch; co-leading
The application for admission to the market was processed, the weight management login group completed the q4 top line; the application for admission to the market and verification was completed; and the insulin runoff of the winter insulin period was expected to reach its peak in September in Degumen.
In March of this year, the child speck silver chip adaptive disorder was approved, and the application for the listing of the Crohn disease was accepted in February; the innovative Hdm 3016 noise Chinese iii was completed in March (expected result of the q4 top line) and the special leather ii was introduced near the end of the group; and the introduction of the Roflust mammogram was introduced.
Positive results were obtained in the iii period of China, where q4 is scheduled to submit two adaptive Ndas this year; self-research can be used to complete the trichocercia i/ii entry for nicotine, which is in progress in the ecclesiastical ii; cooperation product mc2-01 emulsifiable silver ii application was approved in July; and two self-research applications were approved for the ii phase of China ' s ii.
(iga kidney disease) is in the development stage of the Ind, and the Central American Ind declaration is expected to be completed by q3 in 2026.
The overall sales of industrial micro-organisms have continued to improve. The company is continuing to promote four strategic directions: xrna, special ingredients and intermediates, big health and biomaterials, animal health, and the future of medical and aesthetic operations.
Building on the Bureau ' s ongoing capacity-building in product R & D and market development will accelerate the development of international markets and integration into the global pharmaceutical industry supply chain as a core task at this stage.
The first half of the block achieved $368 million in sales revenue, a year-on-year increase (0009663) - quarterly change in business performance 3. Annual review: Chinese medicine
In the first half of the year, when the body of medicine returned to the camp, the body of medicine rose again, and the body of medicine was still bright.
Of the $1,112 million, a certain decline in the year-on-year ratio, Sinclair achieved income of $524 million. 4. Event review: Chinese medicine (7.99 per cent less than year-on-year) and a 19.96 per cent increase in the second quarter of the ring; and domestic Xin Xiaomei harvest.
The Lilulu fluid is 543 million yuan (12.15 per cent less than the same year), but the ring ratio is rising for two consecutive quarters (q2 ring compared to obesity overweight, approved, followed by attention).
As many new items are about to be marketed, the country's medical and beauty business is expected to start a new growth.
Annual Report Review: China’s pharmaceutical industry has maintained a trend of growth, with innovative pipeline products entering the harvest period and moving into high growth (000963) – a steady growth in performance, and a steady increase in growth in the production of new products.
We maintain our “buy-in” rating, as self-research capabilities gradually manifest themselves and break-through.
Medicine policy risks, new drug development and marketing are not as fast as expected, and product price reduction risks are at stake.
For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows: