Mid-2022: Multifactor drag q2 Mäori, Research Assistant q2 Mäori  q2 have experienced a greater decline in the same ring ratio, mainly due to higher raw materials/energy costs and shipping costs
These factors have been delayed. 1) Total domestic vehicle fleet production in 2022q2 has increased by 4.84 million vehicles, compared to 2.3 per cent, global vehicle production by 19.0439 million vehicles, compared to -3.3 per cent, Fulfilled Glass self-industry, leading industry with a similar performance, market share and single-car stock. 2)
By branch, 2022H1 automobile glass generated $11.704 billion, compared to +12.89 per cent, floating glass earned $2,058 million, compared to +6.30 per cent, and the absolute profit ratio for each of the two operations decreased by $0.05 billion over the same period last year. In addition, shipping costs increased/pure base prices
Three factors, such as rising/high energy prices, have influenced total profits to fall more than last year, respectively. (4) q2 exchange gains of $644 million in the first quarter, mainly due to companies operating abroad, having independent subsidiaries in the United States and other locations, with more assets, such as cash, and exchange calls.
After deducting the impact of the exchange gains and the above-mentioned factors, such as the rise in the renminbi, the increase in the price of pure alkali, the increase in energy costs and the increase in the cost of shipping, the future is a stable and positive short- and long-term fundamentals: 1) in the short term, h2 is pure
Built prices and shipping costs are expected to go down and raise the Māori ratio. (2) In the long run, companies are expected to continue to raise the cost advantages of vertical integration with an integrated whole-of-the-industry chain and excellent managerial capacity.
Increased global share; and full enjoyment of higher value-added glass penetration, such as skyscreen glass/intellectualization.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering the significant increase in corporate q2 exchange rate earnings, we're going up and down.
Glossy Glass (600660): 2021 Report: Taking stock: Cost/ Cost-Effect Factors Trapped Three Financial Forecast Tables of Glossy Glass
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board