22q2 performance was strong, the long-term growth logic was progressive, the long-term growth logic was strong, and the long-term growth logic was constant. 1) Performance: corporate 22q2 revenue \triangleright \triangleright
22q2 global vehicle sales increase (marklines data: -13.64 per cent). For operational purposes, 22h1 car glass/floating glass collection amounted to $117.04/20.58 billion, or +12.89 per cent/+6.30 per cent, respectively, at a cost of 13.44 per cent, compared to 9.28 pt, with a significant increase in cost control capacity;
22H1 R & D costs 4.32%, compared to +0.23pt, with high R & D inputs contributing to technological upgrading and product value-added. 22H1 has a growing share of high-value-added products such as smart panorama glass, condensable glass, glass-up display, ultra-segregated glass, and increasing market competitiveness.
The research assistant, Guo Yumong, has a strong head-to-head business, with companies as global car glass champions (31 per cent in 2021), ranked first, with domestic car glass in excess of 65 per cent) and multiple advantages such as products, customers, etc.
At the end of the product end: cabin space. 1. Medium-term investment strategy 2022, when people invest in cars:
In 2008, the company, as a global car-glasser, has developed a global flagship since the beginning of the year.
In response to demand, the company accelerated the expansion of production capacity, and 1) at home: the company plans to implement the whole industry chain layout in Chengzhou, which will lead the company's performance.
As an all-round production base for car glass (including steel, plating, molding, etc.) for new energy sources, the construction of a “one center three” to meet development needs; an increase of $600 million in investment in the Wanda Bacillium in Fujian province for projects such as the construction of plating car glass lines and the production of steeled laminated laminated windows (work started in August 2022).
Further expansion of production capacity; 2) Abroad: company announcement of 30 August to increase investment of $650 million in the United States for projects such as the construction of plating car glass lines, steel lacquer window production lines, and subsidiary Foyo Illinois construction of two kiln lines (floating glass production lines), four solar back glass deep processing lines,
Projects such as factories. Continued expansion of domestic and foreign production capacity, product build-up, high growth in company performance \triangleright, international champion of car glass, and a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.