Glossy Glass: High-value-added products rise in proportion, reversible land Kamin 100 million yuan, + 11.8 per cent, according to a sub-operation, 22h1 car glass yields 11.7 billion yuan.
This compares with +12.9 per cent; the floating glass yields 2.06 billion yuan, compared with 6.3 per cent in the first half of China's automobile industry, which produced 3.7 per cent in the first half of the year, and the company projected a decline of more than 6 per cent in global vehicle production in the first half of the year, as a result of a lack of cores and an epidemic, and a negative growth in corporate car glass operations in the first half of the year.
+5.6 per cent per year in the first half of the year in the company's domestic automobile glass, and the same per cent per year in the overseas car glass, in line with the new accounting standards, the related transportation costs were recosted from the period to the operating costs, and the daily repair costs of fixed assets related to the production and processing of inventories were changed from the period to the cost of the period in question
The company made a retroactive adjustment to H1 in 2021, after which 4) the cost of maritime transport in relation to the price increase affected the Māori rate -0.59 pct; the above four factors together affected the Māori ratio in relation to 2.75 pct.
The share of high-value-added products rises, and the product structure optimizes the price up. The company’s share of higher value-added products in the first half of the year is 42.35%, compared to the same period last year + 5.1 pct. The product structure is optimized.
The firm’s share of skyglasses is 4.07%, which is expected to continue the upward trend over the same period last year +2.37 pct. At the same time, we expect the average unit price of corporate glass products to continue to rise as the company’s value-added products, such as borderless glass, hud, and plating glass, are released.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company is the vanguard, and the automobile industry is expected to grow in demand for high-value-added products, such as skyscreen glass, as it transitions to intelligent \triangleright, and the unit price of the company ' s products
Sinda Securities Inc. looks forward to the benefits, and the trend towards higher prices is expected to open the door to corporate performance growth.
The company's net profit in 2022-2024 was $4.4 billion, $5.4 billion and $6.2 billion.
Figure 1: Companies ' semi-annual revenues (millions of dollars) and growth rates: companies ' quarterly revenues (billions) and growth rates
Figure 7: Companies ' semi-annual costs (millions of yuan) and cost rates Figure 8: Companies ' quarterly costs (billions) and cost rates Figure 10: Companies ' rates (quarterly)
Four core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry are good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The auto industry chain is fully covered, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.