Glossy glass, fast growth, product structural optimization and expansion of global production, output decline by 3.7%, corporate performance reverses. The chip shortage is expected to ease in the second half of the year, along with purchases.
Policies such as the halving of taxes, and domestic automobile sales are expected to increase and contribute to higher corporate performance. The share of the public market continues to rise, product structure is improving, value levels are expanding, pre-development income is rising in reverse, and performance is impressive.
Performance was better than industry (-3.7 per cent), mainly as a result of growth in domestic and overseas operations; profits were realized totalling 2.67 billion yuan (+28.6 per cent), of which exchange gains (+680 million yuan), appreciation of the renminbi, purity, mainly due to appreciation of the renminbi, pure alkaline, energy and sea freight increases, if offset by the above-mentioned factors
The increase of 11.2% in the cost of sales is mainly due to increases in the cost of packaging, 6.8% in management costs, mainly due to increases in staff salaries and security costs, 18.1% in research and development costs, mainly due to increases in inputs, and a significant decrease in financial costs, mainly due to a 6.8% increase in exchange rate earnings.
In the industry, the rates fell by 11.6 pct and 4.2 pct, respectively, the share of high-value-added products, such as exchange rate gains, and the product structure continued to optimize. According to the China-China Air Association, domestic vehicle production was 12.17 million vehicles in January-June 2022, a 3.7 per cent decline in the same year.
This growth is largely due to the optimization of product structures and the rapid growth of overseas operations. In the first half of the year, the proportion of high-value-added products, such as smart skyglasses, condensable glass, head-on glass, ultra-segregated glass, reached 42.4%, an increase of 5.1 pct compared to the same period last year, with an increase of 11.6% for the rest of the year.
The company’s performance is expected to continue to grow as policy stimulus, chips ease, domestic car sales are warming, and the company’s high value added product penetration rises. The expansion of domestic and foreign capacity is expected to boost performance.
With an increase of $65 million, L.A. invested in projects such as the construction of a plating car glass line, steeled windows line and the construction of a kiln line (floating glass line), four solar backboards, using the market price as of 31 August 2022.
Glass deep-processed production lines, etc.; an increase of RMB 600 million in Fukugi car glass for projects such as the construction of plating car glass lines and steeled laminated windows; and the signing of a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with the People's Government of Chengzhou City to plan the construction of a “one centre, three bases” for approximately 500 acres of land.
The continuous expansion of the Division ' s global production capacity has facilitated the acquisition of more orders and contributed to sustained performance growth.
1) Motor sales fall short of expectations; 2) substantial price reductions for products; 3) higher costs such as raw materials.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations