On 21 April 2023, Dong Peng Beverage published its annual report 2022 and its first conns@cfsc.com.cn
Performance growth is resilient, with profits released in a quarter of billions (21 per cent increase); of this total, 2,022q4 won $1,861 million (same increase, minus 2 pct), as a result of the increase in the price of polyester slices of raw materials.
Energetic beverages are solid and the nationalization strategy is working. 2, East Peng Beverage (6054999): Performance is slightly higher than expected, continuing to build a second growth curve.
By product, in 2022, the East Poont/other beverages camp received $23.83/106 million, respectively. At the same time, there was a strong push to import the East Poon curry market and the introduction of new products like electrolytic drinks.
In 2022, sales/direct sales/online/other camps/China/Gwangxi/Southwest/North China, respectively; nationalization has accelerated, with local city coverage now reaching a high level of coverage.
100%, and the number of terminal points is more than 3 million. The volume split shows that in 2022 the price of the beverages was 10,000 litres (6% more). In 2022, the price of the beverages was 0.44 million yuan per kilolitre (1% more) and the price of other beverages was 0.160,000 yuan per kilolitre (19% less).
As of 2023q1, there were 2,793 distributors, macroeconomic downside risks, less than expected sales of eastern pontoon, less than expected sales during the season, higher-cost risks, etc.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.