Beverage milk for food and beverage, East Peng beverages: Cost pressures are slowing, market openings outside the province: company annual report 2022, operating revenue of $8.505 billion a year, 2022
Business income of 2023q1 was 2,491 million yuan (+24.1 per cent), net profit of 497 million yuan (+44.3 per cent) for mothers and $453 million (+36.9 per cent) for non-mothers.
During the year 2022, the company achieved a revenue of 8,505 million yuan, i.e. +21.9 per cent (q1:+17.3 per cent); the company ' s nationalization was accelerating, the channel construction was effective and the market for energy beverages in China continued to rise.
Red, mainly in the context of the national economy and the rapid restoration of the scenes at the beginning of the year, during the spring period, the stock/flow (millions of shares) was sold.
Initiatives such as displays led to a significant increase in product exposure, consumer purchases of frequency, single-point output, a breakdown of products, with an income of $8.17 billion (+23.98 per cent) from Eastern Pontes for 2022, other beverage collection, increased focus on the promotion of new products such as coffee and water-rehydration in 2023, and active creation of "Can".
Dopium beverages (605499) "Everages: Quantities + " and the introduction of differentiated products to meet the needs of different consumption scenarios and groups of people.
Camp 200 million (+30.08%). Guangdong promotes faster sales by implementing a full-source farming strategy, reducing the gap between regions, and increasing revenue growth in outlying markets, such as Chinadong, North China and Southwest, mainly by companies, improving distribution systems, continuing to open terminals, and strengthening end displays.
Rapid growth. As of March 2023, there were 2,793 distributors, 355 more than in March 2022, 14 more than at the end of 2022, mainly from the North-West and South-West markets.
Dopium beverages: Cost pressures have slowed, and raw materials such as pet, white sugar, etc. are well developed outside of the province, and the Māori rate, which is higher than in the previous year. The drop in sales costs is mainly due to the company’s fine-tuning of costs and more accurate and efficient placement.
The price of raw materials, such as paper boxes, drops in prices and the company’s low lock price is part of the cost, releasing profits. Outlook 23: Cost improvements, new products are expected to add up.
With the prospect of entry, the company continues to contract deep, the out-of-town market continues to expand, and the size of the 500ml is expected to continue to grow. In addition, the East Poon Cafe, which is a new product such as water-up, is expected to become the second driving force in performance growth. At the cost side, the company’s low lock price, the price of white sugar is slightly higher, but the overall cost is higher.
Long-term outlook: the product matrix continues to be enriched, and product structure optimizes the company’s performance.
In 2023, the company will focus on the need for different consumption scenarios. The product has been improved, the coffee tastes stronger, and the country will be paved in 2023.
The company's management of distributors has become more stringent and has been further developed through regional encryption.
Profit predictions and valuations: Corporate demand is recovering continuously in the context of logistics flows returning to normality. 500-ml gold bottles continue to be released and nationalized layouts are steadily advancing, with certainty of growth.
The cost rate is optimized with the added scale effect of this improvement, and profitability is expected to continue to improve. We anticipate that East Peng beverages: Cost pressures are slowing down, out-of-town markets are opening well. East Peng beverages: Cost pressures are slowing down, out-of-country markets are opening well.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.