Improved cost of repair of performance — A performance rating of $275 million (+39.7 per cent) for beverages (605499.sh), in line with the corporate performance forecast.
(+24.1 per cent) to achieve a net return of 497 million yuan (+44.3 per cent) close to the ceiling for performance forecasting.
Upgraded, with 22 years of steady growth in corporate performance against the backdrop of a stock game in the energy beverages market, 23q1 continued to grow at a sustained rate of revenue. With regard to channels, the company continued to push for a national development strategy, insisting that it should be presented in a polarized and differentiated manner.
22/23q1, with 20.2% growth, and more than 3 million active national end-points. On the product side, the company uses East Ponto as its core, building a matrix of “energy plus” products.
Special drink sales revenue of $81.72.2383 billion, an increase of 24.25 per cent over the same period. East Pine drinks the company's most advanced and innovative products, including East Peng Curry, East Peng Water Rehydration, and Raw Oil Cruise, among which the company, the Port Shin Stock Exchange
Investing resources to shape the brand of the "Tung Poon Curry" with a loud voice, taking advantage of the company's size, channels, advantages, brand advantages, and helping the "Tung Poon Cao" to develop a national growth curve. The cost pressure on raw materials has eased, and the company's profit margin has improved continuously.
42.3%, mainly 22 years, of the cost of raw materials, such as pet, sugar and white, which have been under pressure for the year as a whole. Cost pressures have slowed since 22q4 as the cost of raw materials has fallen and the speed at which they are sold has increased. Compatibility with more precision and efficiency in corporate cost control, with the company ' s profit rate rising on a quarterly basis. 22q4/23q1 company returns to its mother.
Investment strategy: In the future, companies will strengthen their channels to gradually promote new company products across the country, actively develop healthy and efficient drinking products to meet consumer demand for diversified consumption. We look to our own research views on energy drinks. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.