The company's review report .. beverage milk. 24/04/2023. 2301 smooth opening, year-round or higher.
On 21 April, the company released its annual report 2022 and its quarterly report 2023. The recovery of the consumer landscape combined with continued expansion outside the province, with high growth at the end of 23q1.
The energy drink cores continue to grow, and the new tortillas 2301 is expected to grow at a high rate, driven by product preferences and channels, and by rapid marketing. The regional expansion is 2204 Guangdong/China/China/China/China/Southwest/China.
Non-core products drag on, but, more importantly, nationalization and expansion, China’s east, China’s centre, and the north are now growing. The channel sinkes, with 22q4/23q1 distributors numbering 2779/2793, compared to structural cost fluctuations and cost efficiencies, and 23q1 profitability improvement. 22q4/23q1 net interest rates are returned.
Good luck is mainly the result of higher cost efficiency and higher non-recurrent gains and losses, such as financial management. Māori ratio: 2204/231 Māori has not improved significantly, and it is expected that the increase in the share of out-of-pocket sales in the major departments will result in higher freight costs and a relatively deep 300-percent picture of white sugar.
Quarterly cost fluctuations do not change the nationalization logic, and medium- and long-term performance is expected to rise further.23 Throughout the year, the expected public-sector performance is expected to continue the upward trend, largely as a result of: 1) the revenue end, and as the disease policy optimizes, it is expected that it will be higher.
As a result of the policy stimulus, the resumption of domestic work has boosted the demand of the blue-collar population, while promotion, promotion of new products, etc., are expected to move forward successfully; 2) through the Hangzhou Asian Games, the promotion of brand brands has been enhanced; 3) at the cost end, the root has grown too fast since then, but companies have smoothed their costs through hedging operations.
Given that the heat of the weather + consumption recovery + the low base is expected to drive 2302 income-end elastic release, the value of corporate investment is expected to move into a high-priced range if the cost end is smoothed through hedging. The Division’s nationalization continues, with certainty of performance growth and growth scarce, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
A fast review of East Peng's performance in 2022: 22,04 revenue hikes, successful year-round withdrawals.
Essays on East Peng's beverages: 22q2 channel plus low speed, slightly improved profitability Liu Xinjiang: Master of Economics, joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, with a focus on non-drink plates (drinking supply chain, adjustment)
Favorite, frozen and prefabricated foods, soft drinks, dairy products, leisure foods, etc., are good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical review and comparison with overseas perspectives. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.