On April 11, 2023, Dong Poon Beverage issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2023. Sunss@cfsc.com.cn
According to the performance forecast, the company's revenue of 2023q1 is expected to be 2,415-249 million dollars, with a return of unity of heart. Meanwhile, the prices of the bulk of raw materials have fallen since 2022q3 and the company has been active.
A lock price strategy, with the current cost-pressure ratio easing, leading to profit elasticity. The nationalization strategy is moving forward steadily, with the East Poon Curry at the end of the product: 1) drinking with 500 ml bottled East Poet as the base plate, as the consumption scene unfolds.
Recover, empty market coverage accelerates, city occupancy is expected to continue to rise, covering around 2.5 million endpoints, and there is still enough room for growth in the future. (2) The East Poon Cafe was created as a second-growth curve, attacking the coffee market in 2022.
The mature markets, such as East and Guangxi, have performed well in pilot sales and will be replicated in the first-line cities this year and are now in an accelerated phase. At the production end, there are currently seven major production bases with a combined capacity of 2.8 million tonnes/year, with Changsha and the county production base at the end of this year.
It is expected that the second growth curve will continue to be built. The macroeconomic downside risks, the lower-than-expected sales of eastern pontoon drinks, and the higher-season sales.
3 “The Chinese securities* company reports *The beverages are expected, the costs are at higher risk, etc.” (605499) The incident evaluation report: Nationalization
Sun Shan: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.