The nationalization expansion continues to push up the scale effect to improve the profitability of the 25th of 2023, with a gradual recovery, while the supply of stocks under the return to the village is actively replenished, with a marked acceleration in the q4 battalion harvest ratio.
A 24.14 per cent increase was recorded in the 23q1 battalion, mainly due to the rapid recovery from the effects of the epidemic, and the central market in Guangdong was active at the end of the natural gas heat. For example, 22 years of East Ponto/other beverages each achieved Camp -2.9/4.07pcts; according to Nelson, the East Ponte drinking market rate was raised from 31.7 per cent in 21 years.
Wang Xinhai rose to 36.7% in 22 years, up from 5 pct, and kept the market at the top. The subregion saw 22 years of expansion in the Guangdong/Congdong provinces and 22 years of net growth in Chinese/Cong China/Congxi/Southwest/North China regional distributors.
The overall marketing rate and coverage of the product has reached over 3 million active terminals. Cost-side pressure + cost-end fine-tuning management + large monolithic scale effect, with continued profitability increasing. \triangleright
1. The three-quarterly review of the beverages (605499.sh), 2022, reported: q3 income ring speeds, reversibility of profitability, 2022/, of which sales costs increased by 5.9 per cent, mainly because of the nationalization phase of the multiplicity of new items; and the future stocking of large single items.
In mid-2022, East Plum beverages (605499.sh) were reported to have continued to show the effect of driving the company ' s size, which is expected to increase further with the accelerated contribution of new products in the future
The net interest rate booster continues to improve the ring ratio.
A faster growth in performance, with regional expansion continuing to advance 2021 at the end: active building of the "energy plus" matrix, big monoliths taking on consumers' minds, and, on the one hand, expanding the taste of new products such as platinum/0 sugar/she can be used to meet consumers' needs for energy beverages.
4. Mid 2021 East Plum beverages (605499) reported: Regional pursuit, on the other hand, gradual vertical extension of energy beverages to rehydration/curry/crylic oil juice to attract more territorial expansion and downflow effect 2021/07/2
At the end of the cycle: the company is steadily increasing the extent and depth of the distribution network, and the expansion is continuing. The season is going to see a boom in end sales, a double increase in the volume and frequency of drinking, and a continuous build-up of the company’s terminal network, which further strengthens its capacity to operate, and the release of the ice through the channel end.
Review: initiatives such as 21q2 revenue growth, higher cost investment and ice-freezing displays increase product exposure and generate rapid income growth. We expect companies to break out quickly by 2021/07/14.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.