How to manage investment opportunities in the North? Investment rating: buying (maintaining) investment attributes, which are determined at the stage of industrial development. The order of development of the domestic semiconductor industry.
Contrary to the historical pattern of “a generation of equipment, a generation of craft, a generation of products” overseas. Locally designed enterprises are growing up, willing to come to home-grown crystal-cryscopic fluids, and home-grown crystal-crylic plants are growing up with orders before they have the opportunity to support home-grown equipment and materials.
Nearer upstream, the more repressive the development is. North China has created a proxy for domestic semiconductor equipment, and its apparent profit point is not yet visible, so its investment value cannot be measured in a comprehensive manner using the general concept of “value investment.” In our view, “Overseas research on targets” and “Industrial trends”
It can be “targeting” for the market value of the company's medium- and long-term objectives, “industry landscape” and “country-based alternative processes” as “locks” to capture the pace of corporate investment.
Logically, industry status and high growth decisions are highly valued, and North China’s high valuation is rational: 1 semiconductor equipment is the cornerstone of the development of the entire semiconductor industry, and its autonomy is relevant to the security of the entire electricity sub-information industry, with significant industrial value added and safeguards; 2 downstream semiconductor manufacturing
Substitution of domestic semiconductor equipment is at a high-speed gold stage;3 semiconductor equipment is a highly resilient specialized equipment, far higher than the current high-profile manufacturing industry, such as photovoltaic and lithium electricity, in terms of capital spending and the share of downstream crystalwork plants in the calendar year.4
From a point of view, combining different semiconductor industry components to match different valuation methods, rather than profit-side, is more concerned with income growth than with the domestic production of semiconductor equipment, i.e., downstream autonomous crystal circle, moving to new heights. 1 Invests in North China, from the industry beta level, to capture the entire semiconductor industry first.
It's a historic opportunity to grow, and to expand the production of crystal-round plant capacity transfer and storage for semiconductor equipment. At the firm's own alpha level, it focuses on the company's platformed business layout, strong shareholder background and industrial resources, and increasing product power.
Blocks of opportunity, semiconductor device plates are less isolated, and the historical performance of North China’s share price is largely consistent with the semiconductor block trend, but better than the semiconductor index.3 Since the company’s launch in 2019, the company’s pss (ttm) have been up to 25 x, down to 10 x, followed by 10 x.
As corporate income rises, ps tends to increase further. From the company’s stock price history, ps (ttm) may have short-term stock prices or downside risks, if ps (ttm) is low 3.
Deepening creates uncertainty in the whole chain of semiconductors.1 The industry development phase determines the nature of the company’s investment, which is somewhat delayed in terms of design components, semiconductor equipment development, but with a huge amount of space.
If the semiconductor industrial chain is compared to a tree, the semiconductor device is “root” and the semiconductor is made “dry”, and the semiconductor is designed as a “dry branch”, and the semiconductor produces a form.
The colored semiconductor product is the leaf. The core logic of the development of our semiconductor industry is “national production substitution.”
, and with the ability to use the business model of the Fabless and the ability to build overseas crystal circle plants, a number of internationally competitive design firms have emerged in the country, such as Heiss, Wears, Chewie, Beanie, and others. Home-grown design firms have grown and are willing to come to home-grown crystal-crystal mills, which have been acquired by the home-grown crystal-crys.
The order side is about to develop, and the home-grown crystal mill is about to grow. Similarly, by way of tree, the development of the domestic semiconductor industry is more like a process of “pushing” and the order of development is contrary to historical overseas patterns. So, from a national substitution point of view, closer to upstream, its development is suppressed.
The greater the sexual factor. The fact that North China has created a representative enterprise with semiconductor equipment in the country, whose profit point is not yet apparent, does not allow a full measure of the value of corporate investment in the general “value investment” concept. We believe that “Overseas target research” and “Industrial trend research” can serve as a “point” for the market value of the company's medium- and long-term objectives.
The landscape and the “country-based alternative process” can be used as anchors to capture the pace of corporate investment.2 Industry status and high-growth determining companies have a high valuation of 2.1-half-conductor equipment that is ecologically supportive of the industry and a national game.
The semiconductor equipment chain has a huge industrial value added and an industrial ecology supporting it. The Semi data show that the global market for crystal-crystal processing equipment in 2020 was about $71.2 billion, compared to the entire electronic information industry, and that semiconductor production was not very high, but that, as the cornerstone of the industry, its autonomous control was related to the entire electronic information industry ecology.
Security. During the trade friction between Japan and Korea in 2019, Japan imposed “embargo sanctions” to South Korea for anti-Korean purposes, restricting the export to South Korea of “fluoropolyamide” used in television, smartphones for the use of olid monitors, “light embolism” and “high-purity hydrogen” that must be used in semiconductor manufacturing.
According to the Korea Trade Association, the Korean semiconductor and monitor industries depend on Japan for 91.9 per cent, 43.9 per cent and 93.7 per cent, respectively, for fluorinated polyamide, photo-engine and high-purity hydrofluoride, although Korea has a significant global position in semiconductors, particularly in the area of storage, but is subject to a crisis, its semiconductor product.
In July 1996, 33 countries, led by the European and American countries, signed the Wassenaar Agreement, which aims to limit access to high-tech technology for countries like China. Semiconductor equipment is a core focus, and exports to China often lag between one and two generations.
To eliminate, in a game that competes for the dominance of technology, the semiconductor, which is represented by China-Chole International, is the main battleground, equipped with "guns" and materials with "ammunition." The semiconductor equipment industry stands out as a "carrier" that actually defends the autonomous security of the entire electronic information industry.
2.2 Industrial transfers have been replaced by national production, with domestic semiconductor equipment growing at a high level.1 The mainland China region has taken over the global semiconductor core. The post-More era has come to provide a valuable window period for the domestic development of semiconductor manufacturing and supporting industrial chains.
In terms of size, due to the exponential increase in the cost of construction of advanced process nodes, only individual players such as Taiwan station power and Korea's Samsung can continue to invest in R & D and production lines for less than 7 nm. In terms of crystal circle size, since the emergence of 12 inch silicon tablets in 2001, the cost has gone too far.
Question, when to move to 18 inch, is still unknown. By contrast, driven by the aiot scene, microchips such as auxiliary drivers, power management, human interfaces, radio frequency, etc., demand is in a “small quantity” form, with a single sub-species usually yielding less than 1 kk, without the need to use the cutting edge process to mature the process.
In the short term, mainland China does not need to be more advanced than overseas in cutting-edge processes, or it can establish a firm foothold in the field of cadastre and specialty processes, gradually absorbing the global semiconductor for gravity creation. The micro-consultation data show (not fully counted) that at present, China’s autonomous crystal-crystal plant has about 161.5 capacity (equivalent to 8 inches equivalent capacity).
In 2021, about 640,000 additional 8 inches of equivalent capacity were added, and the target total capacity (equivalent to 8 inches of equivalent capacity) was about 4.62 million. Semi data show that mainland China became the largest semiconductor market in the world in 2020 with $18.72 billion in sales, with a global share of about 26.29 per cent.
Figure 3 mainland China became the world’s largest semiconductor equipment market in 2020.2 The willingness of downstream crystal mills to certify domestically produced semiconductor equipment has grown considerably from the point of view of supply chain security.
In addition to the huge human and material costs, it will take a lot of validation time (even at the expense of some capacity) to “consistency” with the products of other equipment operators in other, highly relevant stages of the process, while a new one, in case of problems, could render the entire production line inoperable and the value of the end-of-life product far outweigh the value of the new equipment.
The economic value that can be provided. So unless the original supplier has major technical defects or new equipment is in a state of breakthrough, there are few crystal-crystal manufacturers willing to spend a lot of manpower, time, and risk getting new equipment online to evaluate new equipment. But for domestic semiconductor equipment manufacturers, the domestic semiconductor chain has not been the same since China and the United States of America's trade friction.
The willingness to authenticate domestic equipment suppliers has increased considerably in comparison with the past with increased certainty, the domestic crystallized mills for supply chain security reasons. 3 semiconductors are special equipment with a high degree of elasticity, with a semiconductor setting ahead of the equipment.
Lower-stream crystalry mills are the typical “two-fold-high” industry (heavy assets, heavy equipment, high technology, high risk), with large capital expenditures, which account for a high percentage of revenues, compared to the lithium, photovoltaic and other manufacturing industries, and 70-80% of the capital spending on expansion is spent on equipment.
The 2.3ps method is more suitable for the current phase of semiconductor equipment valuation. We believe that different valuation methods should be matched for different segments of the semiconductor industry.
i Designed enterprises using the Fables (a crystal-free-cryscopic model) as a light-asset-intensive knowledge-based enterprise, business model developed, profit-side repression was low, and pe-methods or v/ebit were more appropriate for different stages of development.
The current state of company operations and future trends, so the pb method is usually used for valuation. The equipment enterprise development is more akin to the home-grown crystallized manufacturing industry and its domestic production trends are imperative, and therefore concerns about rising incomes reflect a longer-term reflection of the process of national substitution of semiconductor equipment enterprises and the continuous improvement of relations with downstream crystallized plants.
3 North China's CVR and investment strategy summary 3.1-to-scale application of the core catalytic factor of the stock price application is the largest semiconductor in the world, working to create a semiconductor for "the full range" and "multiple categories"
The company was founded in 1967 and listed in NASDAQ in 1972 (share code: amat.o.) In 1992, the application generated $750 million, the world’s largest semiconductor equipment dealer, and its industry status remains unchanged. In 1996, the company first became the world’s top 500 in Wealth.
Operating income of $17.2 billion. Based on gaap, the company ' s Māori rate is 44.7 per cent, operating profit is $4.37 billion, and the stock price of redisk applications is moving, and we believe that its share price catalysts are mainly: a double-shooting of Davis as a result of the industry ' s upswing; a breakthrough in new technology leading to a product boost; and anecdotal factors such as industrial integration.
3.2 The North Chinese stock exchange review, which started with the North Chinese share price review in 2015, and the North’s share price movement, we believe, has gone through four stages:
1. August 2015 - January 2018 for M&A consolidation period: in the early morning of 8 October 2015, seven stars e-distributed blackout announcements, proposed disclosure of major matters, facilitated by the major shareholder Beijing Electric Control Group, seven stars e-commerce will acquire all assets of Northern Microelectronics by issuing shares to purchase assets, and joint efforts will be made to build China ' s high-end integrated circuits
Flagship platform for industry. The whole restructuring process has been quite challenging, with new shares on the market from the announcement of a blackout on October 8, 2015 to August 22, 2016, which was completed in November.
By August 2016, the market value of the seven stars had risen from 6.9 billion to 19.8 billion, an increase of 186%.
In January 2019, the company released a non-public release plan for the collection of 2 billion dollars for semiconductor equipment development and industrialization projects and the expansion of high-precision electronics components. In June 2019, the project was officially launched, and on July 22, the first companies were listed.
In determining the value of investment, markets focus on the “financial returns” of firms, but also on the “inventive attributes” of firms, and better on capital and corporate win-wins.
At the same time, China’s shareholdings were closed, with 254 in April 2019 and 355 in August 2019, and North China’s rise in speed. During the outbreak of the new domestic crown, the market value of North China’s boom rose as the consumer’s share was interrupted.
From 45 billion at the beginning of 2020 to about 110 billion in July 2020, the market value rose by more than 140 per cent, reaching for the first time in 4, 2020 - today as a shock: on July 16, 2020, China-Crysche International was officially listed on the Science-Creating Board, pushing semiconductor plates up to a high point, and then moving weakly again into the valuation-condication period.
On that day, the U.S. upgraded China to a list of entities in 2019, and the U.S. Department of Commerce announced that China would be severely restricted to the use of U.S. technology, software design and semiconductor chips in order to protect U.S. national security, and that the 120-day buffer period would be followed by the first Chinese chip break on September 15, 2020.
After much of the month's adjustment, the company's valuation was more thoroughly digested, stock prices rebounded, and the factors driving up the stock price were, inter alia: (a) energy stress caused by a lack of core in the global context; (b) the booming of domestic autonomous crystal mills; (c) the expectation in the market that some of the country's ic design champions would build an idm-friendly industrial chain; and (d) supply.
Chains: U.S. controls on China’s semiconductor manufacturing supply chain are further tightened.
1. In terms of stock prices, North China has outperformed the Wind semiconductor index and 300 depths, and in the medium term there is still much room for growth. We believe that investing in North China is the first to capture the huge future growth of the semiconductor industry and the expansion of crystal-round plant capacity transfer and storage to semiconductor equipment.
At the firm’s own alpha level, focus is on the company’s platformed business layout, strong equity background and industrial resources, and increasing product power. Currently, it is the most likely application material in the country to create a platform-based enterprise called the Semiconductor Equipment Supermarket.
Two, taking advantage of the semiconductor's integrity, the semiconductor's device's plates are less stand-alone. The stock price increases and falls are consistent with the position of the entire semiconductor's plate through the North Chinese company's stock price retunes.
At the end of the device, the market is expected to reflect the share price more quickly. Chart 8 shows the trend in North China’s share price and the movement of the entire semiconductor plate.3 History shows that ps (ttm) if they touch 25 x, there is a short-term stock price or downside risk if ps (ttm)
By March 2021, the company’s stock price had hit the bottom, retreating close to the March 2021 average of the company’s ps (ttm) being below 15 x for the first time since 2020, and looking back at the future, we believe that the company’s long-term market value is far from reaching, but it may still be in shock.
Downstream crystal mill capital expenditure falls short of expectations, with increased industrial competition, deepening global trade friction, leading to semiconductors, research, intensive follow-up of the mechanical white flag, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general equipment, transhipment, etc. Water 2018.
The data and information used in this report, using legally compliant information, are produced independently and objectively. The information and information used in this report are from market information. I do not have any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I have any assurance that the information and recommendations contained will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.