China Connect Board of Directors of the new session Review: Batj has been upgraded to a mixed title, and China Connect (600050/ch/PRC 6.96 with no rating) has introduced strong ones through the mix-up programme
Strategic investors, the Board of Directors of this early change programme, which will allow the big Batj ' s top executives to be fully integrated into the Bureau and to be expected to move beyond market expectations, are expected to further deepen the reforms and achieve full optimization of resource allocation.
The board members, in addition to the three from the connection, each of them was a strategic investor introduced by the mix, namely Yoon Moo of Chinese life, Lu Shan of Teng, Li Yinghong of 100 degrees, Liao Jianwen of Gyeongdong and Hu Xiaoming of Aliba.
The board of directors of the board of directors of the board of directors is determined. The board of directors of the board of directors of the board of directors of the board of directors of the executives of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of directors of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive boards of directors of the executives of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executives of the executive boards of the executives of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executives of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executives of the executives of the executives of the executives of the executive boards of the executives of the executive boards of the executives of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive boards of the executive board.
Batj’s non-state shareholders hold four seats, while the state-owned shareholders have only four seats, and the proportional distribution goes far beyond previous expectations in the market, demonstrating firm corporate resolve to change. At the same time, the programme is also conducive to optimizing the restructuring of the board structure, which will result in fundamental improvements in the company’s long-term governance mechanisms.
The next board change program will further deepen the synergies between companies and strategic investors, help businesses optimize resource allocation, and thus create more flexible and sophisticated regulatory and personnel mechanisms. The Internet giants are creating synergies, and a breakthrough in the deepening of the transformation is expected.
As a strategic investor, the four big Internet players in Batj now occupy four more seats on the board, which will take a step further to deepen the huge synergies that already exist between the two sides.
Using the 212c business model to expand the new market for 4g users at a lower marketing cost, now over 50 million cards are available; in the new business areas, companies have coordinated cloud computing with Alibaba and Tenseng, respectively; in collaboration with Kyantung and Suning, there has been an intelligent transformation of the business hall, big data companies
More strategic cooperation agreements are in place with Tseng. Companies strengthen their industrial chain cooperation through mutually open platforms, and Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. implement a new business model that transforms companies into new engines for future performance growth.
The company raised $78 billion through its mix-up programme, and the task of “mixing” has been largely completed, and the main work in the next phase will be “changed”.
The funds raised will be used, in addition to 4g capacity enhancement and 5g group network technical validation, to promote Internetization across the board, to speed up new retail Internetization, and to speed up the Internetization of products.
The Board is expected to enhance the innovation capacity of enterprises, transform their development, and further advance the reform of mixed ownership and move companies into rapid development through more advanced corporate governance models.
The company’s early change of board of directors is expected to deepen strong alliances with strategic investors, leverage sufficient external resources and capacities, optimize resource allocation, implement more flexible management and personnel mechanisms, and make the process of change deeper. We look at the business prospects of the company’s change of board of directors and suggest close attention.