High performance growth over the next three years is still sustainable: China Connect published performance projections for 2017, total corporate profits forecast for 2017.
Billion, which is an important factor affecting the level of profits in 2017. We do not think it is necessary to over-exaggerate the negative impact: (i) the end-of-life loss of the asset will not have any impact on the cash flow of our company; (ii) the company ' s non-return net profit of 990 million represents a significant improvement in its profitability; and (iii) it is moving faster.
Against a backdrop of continued push for reduced costs and increased competition in broadband markets, companies insist on promoting photo-engineering, long-term network-quality competitiveness of companies, and the maintenance of broadband stock users. The total profit base of equity incentives remains high, with high performance growth over the next three years.
It also stipulates that the total profit base for 2017 is between the actual completion of the total profit in 2017 and the increase of the total profit in 2016 by 4.72 billion yuan. Thus, the total profit in 2017 is 1.
The four-g penetration rate continues to rise, with the impact of a fall in total profits in 2017. Corporate equity incentives over the next three years require that the company’s performance continue to grow at a high rate without undue worry.
China Connect: A smooth and non-public distribution  Active market strategy continuation + Tower Jianli, with a promising performance: China Connect's mobile business is complete and core business growth is resumed
One side continues to push 2i2c and 2b2c, actively opening up new channels and reducing the cost of receiving visitors; 3. China Connect: User growth is accelerating.
On the other hand, the company insists on promoting open-flow, intelligent and combing packages, and continues to collide the annual lease cost of the connecting towers, which will be reduced by $1-20 billion, resulting in a significant boost to the company’s performance.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: 1; efficiency gains, cost optimization and more innovative business cooperation resulting from the transformation of companies. 2; positive market strategies for companies, recovery of user growth, 4g business catch-up. 3 and Towers have been providing preferential rental services to connectivity since 2018.
Short-term benefits for cost reduction and performance improvement, medium- and long-term benefits for networking and reduction of deficit