\triangleright achieved a 176.4 per cent increase in the same year, after deducting non-recurring gains and losses, resulting in a positive increase of $1,151 million in net return to the mother.
647.1% In 2017, the company deepened its focus strategy, transformed its business model, promoted business innovation, and steadily increased its revenue base. At the same time, the cost side dropped significantly by lowering sales costs and end-of-service subsidies.
Accelerating business model transformations. \triangleright strongly promotes the transformation of the mobile business development model, focusing on transformation products such as 2i2c and 2b2c: companies
In comparison with the trend of Deep 300, the Unit has launched the Tsing Wang card, which has reached 50 million users to date; and, in partnership with Ali, has launched a nail card focusing on the corporate client group. In addition, the company has focused on improving the quality of new users and reducing the rate of offline rates.
A net increase of 2.034 million users of the company ' s mobile accounts reached 284 million, of which a net increase of 7.03 million users in 4g, or 175 million, was 67 per cent over 2016.
In association with more than 30 enterprises, Ali Baba, Tseng, 100 degrees, and Wah, the company has set up a “China Union of Connectivity Industries” which seeks to create a network of goods needed to diversify, personalize, and complex scenes, to promote the nb-iot national network commercialization, and to speed up the emtc trial commercial process. The company is also working with Ali and Tseng in the area of cloud computing.
In addition, companies will work in depth with interconnectivity companies in areas such as big data, new retailing, etc. Companies will actively enhance Internet-based operations, open up innovations, and hopefully develop sound corporate governance and incentives, and increase overall dynamism.
The company has made a major effort to “silently fit” by reducing its headquarters by 33% and its staffing by 50%, and to improve internal governance efficiency by streamlining its structures and diverting staff. At the same time, executives of companies such as Batj have been introduced into the Connected Board of Directors, participating in development decision-making and improving governance mechanisms.
Research assistant: Yang Miyuan stimulates the deep involvement of business employees in corporate development and overall upgrading of business viability. Companies’ transformation has achieved a phased outcome, and companies will continue to innovate in their business models in the future to enhance business viability.
UCN’s mixed-up, performance on the upswing track is not as good as expected; new business expansion is not as good as expected.
Yang Xing, Master of Arts, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 joined the People's Yang Myeon, the University of Foreign Economics and Trade Master of Economics, two years of experience as an operator, and in 2017 joined the People's Trades. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used in the report are based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,