User development has been opened red, 4g penetration continues to increase 23 February 2018  incident: China Connect published operational data for January 2018, moving a net increase in account users and using 4g
The net increase in households reached 2,872,000 and 6,415 thousand, respectively, and a net increase in broadband users was 501,000. In January, when mobile countries published operational data, mobile users grew by 3,843,000 households, 4g users by 52,422,000 households and broadband users by 4,076,000 households by the same date.
▪ Active market strategy continues and mobile users continue to grow at a high rate: China's mobile operations have grown rapidly since 2017q3, and the second half of the year has seen a marked increase in user growth, largely as a result of the continuation of the active market strategy of companies.
Actively opening up new channels for users; first, companies introduce and insist on promoting open-flow packages, bringing together high-end users; and, third, companies ' 4g packages continue to benefit from preferential prices and push for intelligent wiring packages.
The net growth ring rose by 44.5 per cent, the net increase moved ahead, the 4g connection continued to catch up, the 4g penetration passed 63.1 per cent, and the 4g penetration rate remained the fastest in the three households.
▪ Broadband operations maintain strategic defenses and keep the stock of user revenues effective: Connect January broadband. Users are returning to positive growth, reaching 38% for the whole of 2017 in a single month, reversing the negative impact of mobile large-scale attacks on broadband markets on the development of connected users.
1. China Connect: A smooth and non-public distribution that sustains users through limited price reductions, while expanding new use through solid migration and integration packages
The company has recently signed with the Chinese tower "2. China Connects: Users Growing Faster."
The supplementary agreement, which identifies multiple rental cost preferences, has a positive impact on the company. 1. The projected reduction in the cost of the leased towers in 2018 will be $1-20 billion, which will provide a significant boost to the company ' s performance.
3. In a context of declining rent costs for towers, connectivity can leverage more funds for network equipment, reduce the gap between the network and the leader, and improve operational competitiveness.
4. China Connect: one quarter of high performance: profit forecasting and investment rating: 1; efficiency gains, cost optimization and better expectations resulting from corporate mixage, which should be sustained
Multi-innovation business cooperation. 2 - Business maintains a proactive market strategy, user growth restores dynamic energy, and 4g keep up with business. 3 - Towers have been providing preferential rental services to connectivity since 2018, contributing to reduced costs and higher performance in the short and medium term, and to network building and reduction of poor performance in the medium and long term.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board