The pig's chicken resonance, the big grower's success in releasing the gold, the Wenz shares, 30,498.sz, 26,04,202020.
• The high profile of the beneficiary industries, where the large-scale farm-breeding industry was able to release gold, covering for the first time the “buy-in” company as the country's largest livestock-breeding enterprise, with a significant increase in corporate management performance during the year and in the first quarter of 2020, compared with its counterparts in the “company-plus farm-farming” model. On the one hand, we believe that the company is currently not plagued.
It's already under control, pig-planting is well under way, and capital spending is high, and we're looking at the expansion of the current cycle. On the other hand, benefiting from the alternative effects of pork protein, the poultry industry will continue to grow: the cost advantages are highlighted, and the increase is expected to grow steadily.
On the one hand, the company, with its relatively strong managerial capacity, has been at a low level in the industry for years, fully released when prices are high, more resilient when prices are low, more expensive when prices are low, more expensive when non-pest-affected companies in 2019, higher levels of mortality and vaccination costs, and a certain increase in the cost of pig farming, we recognize.
There is scope for a decline in the cost of commodity pigs in the future as the company ' s mortality rates decrease; on the other hand, the company now has a strong biosafety system, which is staggered, while the company ' s future capital spending is high, supporting the expansion of the scale.
• The yellow pheasant head, which is expected to open up a growing market in the white pheasant field; the company has signed an additional $210 million in investment plans for the construction of 24,000 acres of land; and the productive capacity of some 210 million new pheasant pheasant areas will continue to grow steadily in the future.
On the other hand, in 2019, the company completed a stock exchange in the Kyoto Sea poultry industry and formally entered the White Feathers industry, with no prospect of opening up incremental space.
The company’s core business is the production and sale of yellow-fried chickens and commercial pork. Wen-Calling is a 30-year-old business history, dominated by pork and chicken farming, supported by cows and duck farming, coupled with food processing, farming and livestock manufacturing, and is a national priority for the first 151 agro-industrialized enterprises.
One of the leading companies. The company maintains and continuously develops the “Winth model” with a close “company + farm (or family farm)” approach, and has made a major effort to develop livestock farming (in addition to the self-sufficiency model of cow farming), from farm to farm and substitute workers to products on the market, creating a complete chain of production, supply and marketing, and achieving a double-entry system.
The advantages of this partnership have been complemented by co-benefits and developed into one of the country's largest chicken-breeding enterprises, a yellow-seasoned chicken, an industrial supply base and a demonstration base for the production of the country's chicken haccp, as well as one of the country's largest pig-breeding and pork-breeding enterprises, a demonstration base for the country's lean meat-producing technology, a no-product meat production base and the country's capital.
In 2019, the meat and pork business accounted for 57% of the harvest, the meat and chicken business accounted for a high price of pigs, and the company’s performance was fully released. The company achieved business income of $73.1 billion in 2019, an increase of 28% compared to the previous year, a net profit of $14 billion to the mother, an increase of 253% compared to the previous year, and the sale of 18.56 million pigs (including 1,51.66 million pigs).
The same-year decline of 16.95% in the same-year decline, and the sale of 925 million chickens (with chickens, fresh products, and cooked food), which is 17.4 billion yuan, a 25% increase in the same-year increase and a net return to the mother of 1.9 billion yuan, a 511% increase in the same-year increase. The higher performance is due to the high prices of livestock and the expansion of company chicken size since 2019.
Figure 2: The company has grown faster in recent years. Figure 3: The company ' s net profit at high hog prices is fully released and is sound and profitable ahead. The company has maintained a robust business style for many years, and leverage is clear.
Lower than their counterparts, average corporate debt was 30 per cent below industry level in 2015-2019; with excellent costs, figure 5: corporate roe is higher than peer 2, pig farming: with cost advantages, columning is expected to expand steadily
Cost controls are strong, and there is room for decline in the future. From the point of view of the exchange, the company’s cost of pig production is at a lower level in the industry, reflecting the company’s relatively strong management capacity. In 2019, the death rate of pig-borns affected by African swine fever increased and the cost of vaccinations increased, with the company’s cost of pig production rising to a certain degree.
The impact of the epidemic is diminishing as productive bio-assembly recovers steadily and re-emerges. Companies produce bio-assembly with a small recovery of 2019q2 ring ratio, with a recovery of 2019q3-q4, although the company produces it.
The sexual bio-assembly contains chickens, but we estimate that the company pig-planting stock recovered steadily in the second half of 2019; from the column, it is recalled that at the peak of the 2019 non-pest disease, the company produced pigs in an abnormal manner due to high mortality rates, but as the epidemic stabilized, it returned to normal levels in October 2019.
Overall, we believe that the current corporate non-pest disease has stabilized, laying the foundation for a steady recovery of the stock of pigs and pigs. By the end of 2019, according to the company, there were about 1.7 million pigs growing, of which the pigs had sufficient fixed assets, capital spending remained high, supporting the company’s future expansion.
The “Fifty Five” development plan was developed at an opportune time to support an industrial policy to capture pigs, further expanding the development of the regions of Guangdong, Guangxi, Chongqing and Jiangxi, and accelerating investment agreements with various regions, with an additional 7.73 million project products; a new reserve of 1.15 million acres for pigs and 1.4 million acres for pork farms; and an accelerated project.
According to the company, by the end of 2019, the company had a capacity of 34 million to 35 million pigs and expected capital expenditure of $10-12 billion in 2020, which will remain high. In 2020, the company will continue to press for biosafety control management, strengthen hardware facilities, and improve controls;
To strengthen the biosafety protection concept and upgrade the biosafety control system so that it can be actively implemented with a view to ensuring security and stability. At the same time, to speed up the construction of new sites and lay the foundations for future development, with a view to adding 15 million new productive pig farm sites and areas with an annual capacity of more than 20 million.
With a capacity of 8.9 million, and a capacity of 6.8 million, the self-constructed small-scale farming project has a capacity of 5.23 million, and a capacity of 3.16 million, with a capacity of more than 5 million additional pigs throughout the year, laying a solid foundation for the implementation of the five-and-five-point plan of companies with more than 56 million pigs in 2024.
Figure 8: Steady growth in corporate fixed assets Figure 9: Growth of company construction in 2020q1
Africa's swine plague control requires that the trade in live poultry, live pigs and transport be limited in some regions. Currently, the sale of commercial chickens and commercial pork is still dominated by the sale of live chickens and live pigs, supported by the sale of slaughter; in the future, it will gradually shift to a marketing model of “central slaughter, branding, cold chain circulation, and cold marketing.” In response to these changes, companies will be able to respond to these changes.
In-house approval of investments in a network of slaughter-processing projects has been made in the layout of the slaughter-processing industry, enhanced brand marketing schemes have been developed, electric power suppliers have been explored, market outlets have been established, and investment agreements for 12.3 million slaughter-processing capacity have been signed, resulting in the establishment of land for 12 pig-producing-slaughter-processing projects and the resumption of 10 slaughter permits; construction projects have commenced in two cases, with additional life.
By 2020, the company will start construction of three slaughter-processing projects each year, with an additional 5.5 million. The poultry industry will have 72 million new productions at the slaughter plant.
Poultry Farming: We have a yellow chicken head, we have a white chicken head in 2019, we have a yellow chicken head in 2019, we have an expansion in 2019 and are expected to grow steadily in the future. The company’s yellow chicken has 48 high-quality chicken puritys and 47 species of chickens (accompanies), covering basically all the high quality on the market.
It can be divided into fast-sized, medium-speed and high-quality chicken species, depending on the speed of the process; it can be divided into a series of newly emerging short-legged yellow chickens, emerging yellow chickens, open black chickens, open pheasant chickens, yellow-legged pheasant chickens, green-legged pheasant chickens, pheasant vermin, filvished chickens.
In 2019, the company seized the opportunity of a shortage of domestic meat products in a timely manner, rapidly deploying, actively expanding production, introducing incentives for overproduction and stimulating entrepreneurial enthusiasm and enthusiasm among its employees; and, in the meantime, expanding family farm resources and increasing the number of seedlings; and adopting a variety of breeding models, such as ground levelling and efficient cages.
At the same time, as the chicken industry has been upgraded and is beginning to work, the company continues to improve the regional layout, grab land reserves and efficiently produce small areas.
By 2020, the Ministry of Corporate Livestock will have integrated the supply of seedlings and feed, strengthened the regulatory management of efficient farming areas, accelerated production growth, and further improved production performance and output.
Acre farming, 15 million new chicken-gated cages, 15 million flat-bed chickens, 1.5 million flat-bed ducks, 1 million new egg-stocked chickens, laid a good foundation for achieving the business objective of 1.5 billion poultry in 2024. The company’s yellow roosters will continue to grow steadily in the future.
In June 2019, the company announced that it intended to purchase 80% of the shares of the Kyoto poultry industry in cash in the sum of 640 million yuan; and in December 2019, the Ministry announced that it had completed the registration of the related changes in the shares involved in the transaction and received the Administrative Review of the City of Haimen.
The company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Win-Shen Investment Management Limited, has 80% of the stock in the Kyoto Sea poultry industry. For over 30 years, the Kyoto poultry industry has experienced people in the industry who can produce 8 million chickens from their parents every year, and 10 million chickens from the commodity business, the first agriculture industry.
Industrialized state leaders, national champions, and nation-wide top 10 poultry companies have a strong industrial influence. This acquisition has helped to promote diversification of the company’s poultry industry, enhance the corporate risk-resistant capacity, and provide a solid foundation for a company’s future of mature and complete poultry farming systems.
At the same time, through peer-to-peer learning exchanges, the combined benefits of the company ' s poultry industry are being enhanced in line with the strategic direction of improving the conglomerates of the chain of industry at Winch, which is helping to strengthen the core competitiveness of listed companies and enhance the influence and industry position of the Winch stock in the poultry industry. The target company achieved its operating income of 450 million yuan in 2018.
Net profit of $220 million, net profit of 49 per cent, net asset return of 78 per cent, and higher profitability. 4. Prospective profit and investment proposals (1) Pig farming: future industry reserves will recover slowly in the non-pest context and pig prices will remain constant for the next two years
In 2020-2022, we expect a price of 35/25/19 per kilogram of raw pig sales (the company’s core layout is in South China, where the price of pigs is slightly higher than the national average). The number of live pig productions is 1600/2000/30 million. (2) poultry farming: high prices are the preferred alternative, although the poultry chain is in an expansion cycle.
In the future, the company’s performance is expected to be fully freed by the steady growth in the number of pigs and yellow chickens.
Livestock prices have fallen short of expectations, livestock production has expanded short of expectations, and farm costs have risen higher than expected.