Three quarters is up against expectations, a new round of high growth starts, an evaluation report/electronic components, a three-quarter report with a ceiling in the pre-arranged area, and a technology-based technology that is doing excellent business and is expected to be over-expected throughout the year.
In the first three quarters of the company, the real net return to the mother was $2.1 billion and the q3 quarter was $985 million, up to the previous forecast, the q3 net return to the mother included $395 million in investment returns and the q3 net non-parent profit after graduation was $590 million.
The q3 deficit has increased, but the performance of the recipient technology itself has met expectations in a single quarter, and the recipient technology has continued to perform well, and we believe that the beneficiary technology's business performance throughout the year is expected to continue to exceed expectations.
The current trend of affiliates, in synergy with business, has been positive, as a result of trade frictions, the growth of large consumer electronics customers this year has diminished, and is expected to return to high growth next year.
The q4 Eastern colours are expected to lose significantly in the coming year, and are expected to be better than expected. In terms of synergies, companies plan wireless charging module products, and magnetic materials for gyromagne are expected to be imported on a priority basis, with an expected increase in the volume of magnetic material coming out in the coming year and an overall positive trend for affiliates.
Looking forward to the next year, we're going to start again with the airpods, the speedier development of national production, the smooth integration of salcomp, and the technology itself, which is expected to continue to outpace expectations, and the company's radiator, wireless chargers and motor structures will become the next year.
In the long run, companies start with models, integrate upstream materials and move into downstream modules, open up further, and are expected to become real platforms for consumer electronics.
Performance forecast: Technology q3 continues to grow, ttm values 37 times, and we believe that companies underestimate and give a “recommended” rating.
Increased trade friction between Central America and the United States, low sales by large clients, low technological changes by large clients, booms, back to high growth.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai University of Transport.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,