Intelligent, multi-line expansion, business continuity, and technology are leading companies in the field of sophisticated functional devices, and in 2018 it was achieved with the listed company Jiang Powder Magnetic.
The growth in the demand for radiant heat shielding is expected to boost the demand for sophisticated functional components, and companies, as leading firms in this area, are expected to benefit from the first coverage, giving buy-in business status to continue to improve steadily. The company’s performance forecast for the third quarter shows a steady increase in performance over the first three months.
Quarterly profit zones of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion, net of the impact of fair value change gains and losses, operating net gains. Performance growth is mainly due to sophisticated functions and profits from structured business, displaying and contacting module operations.
A sophisticated functional core, 5g, brings greater market space. A company is a leading firm in the field of sophisticated functional devices, with customers covering the leading international smartphone branding plant.
The company, as one of the core suppliers of the smartphone industry chain, is expected to benefit from an increase in mobile sales. At the same time, the need for 5g mobile phones for shielding, heat radiating, etc., is increasing and will create new growth opportunities for the company.
The year was in the field of strangulation structures, the 2010 investment assembly of composite product lines, the 2012 entry into cnc precision devices, the 2013 investment in flexible package parts, the 2016 investment in linear motors, the 2017 investment in wireless recharge product lines, the 2018 reorganization of the market and the integration of display modules, magnetic materials and structural elements,
So far, the company has nine major businesses, bg, extending to upstream materials and downstream modules, which will further enhance the competitiveness of the company, using market prices as a standard on 23 October 2019.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations Unintegrate as expected; smartphones are not replaced as expected; new products are not expanded as expected.
Wang Da-ting.