Mid 2024: Exploring the development of a new model system, 28/08/2024.
This represents an increase of 16.25% in the same year and a steady increase in operating income. Income tax costs are $113 million, compared to the inventory cycle, but the increase in contract assets or the forecast for the next half of the year to enter the active replenishment week represents 98.76% of operating income; income from other products is $252 million, compared to operating income.
With 1.24 per cent weight, the company's dominant product remains aviation, with core competitiveness concentrated mainly on the exploration of new models for new systems, which are expected to continue to benefit from the high demand downstream: the company is primarily involved in the development, manufacture, manufacture, manufacture, and production of components and components of military medium-sized aircraft and civil aviation.
High-end aviation equipment manufacturing companies that sell, maintain and service. In the first half of 2024, the company maintained and continuously upgraded the advantages of integrated core manufacturing technology in parts such as airframes, wings, etc.
The company has a clear market advantage and will continue to benefit from downstream prosperity.
Review: Mother-to-child net profits increase by 64.41%, equity demand. Companies explore new models for the development of component sub-package products, including integrated market incentives to show corporate confidence in development.
Development and target quote systems to lay the foundation for the development of sustainable, high-quality development in the new project market.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: corporate performance meets expectations, taking into account that industry is adjusting orders.
Assessment: Profitability is expected to pick up, main engine-type rotation risk; 4) new equipment is not developed to meet the expected risk.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.