Māori sales promotion, Toshiba, Kukakomei Group (000333), 2018 annual report.
Increase of 8.23 per cent in the same year; net profit of $20.23 billion attributable to parent companies, increase of $2,331 million in the same year, increase of 1.97 per cent in the same year; increase of profitability due to lower prices; increase of 27.54 per cent in sales to the United States in 2018
In terms of the strategic layout of the company ' s long-term brand, the future corporate brand matrix will be clearer, price segments will be clearer, high, medium and low-positioned branding and product design matching will be more rational, which will contribute to further restructuring and maximization of differences in product structure.
kuka’s performance is constrained, and the period of recovery is within reach. Four seasons have been marked by a decline in the performance of kuka, and four quarters of the performance of the United Kingdom and Central America.
The reason for this is a 9.8% drop in the volume of orders on the same journey, but revenue is recognized as normal, with a 7.3% increase in the Swiss harvest in 2018 and a steady increase in performance. As Kuka continues to invest in mainland China and collaborates with American groups, the domestic auto industry is driven by domestic policies and expectations of a trade slowdown.
For Toshiba, in 2018, Toshiba managed the cost of non-operational expenses (sales and management costs cut by nearly 90 million rmb) and the collection of the Totoame.
As Toshiba's integration with the United States deepens, developing a decentralized system between the United States and Toshiba power, building platforms to enhance complementarities in production, supply chains, costs and quality, deepening manufacturing synergies, sharing intellectual property rights and research and development
The revenue contribution from the future synergies of the results can be sustained.
II. The semi-annual review of the United States Group (000333) 2018: “Multicultural power empires through the market cycle” 2018-09-033; “America Group” (000333) event review: “Intensity”
4 U.S. Group (000333) In-depth Report: Following the Pluralism of Eastern Financial and Epidemic Groups (000333): Mäori Upliftment, Toshiba, Kukako
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.