The Sini Mountain Convergence (000333.sz) is a stable company with a strong reputation for its traditional business and a great deal of potential for intelligent business.
In 18 years, the company achieved $10.94 billion in heating and air conditioning and $103 billion in electrical appliance. The company was the largest sales company in China. In 2018, the Department sold more than $50 billion on the Internet, a 22 per cent increase over the previous year.
Foreign sales account for more than 40% of corporate sales, exports to more than 200 countries and regions worldwide, 15 overseas production bases and dozens of sales operators.
Global demand for robot automation is expected to grow at an average annual rate of more than 15% from 2018 to 2020. China’s industrial robots have become the world’s largest application market for six years in a row, with the ageing of China’s population.
In 2018, the company achieved 25.7 billion yuan in robotics and automated systems, and the company is accelerating the integration of Kuka robots into China.
Basic data: December 31, 2018 Further promotion of the expansion of operations in the three main areas of industrial robotics, medical care, warehousing automation to respond to the rapid development of the Chinese market in such areas as smart manufacturing, smart medicine and smart logistics, and new retailing
Companies connect products to terminals and improve supply chain systems. Companies have formed technology groups that combine consumer appliances, heating, air conditioning, robotics and automated systems, and intelligent supply chains (logistics).
With 48 hours of distribution coverage of 87.6 per cent of the country ' s towns and cities based on a network of 118 urban logistics centres, the company continues to receive high dividends. Since its listing in 2013, the company has been able to score six times, a year after year.
8.6 billion dollars in red, showing that companies value shareholder interests, and shareholder interests are guaranteed. Companies insist on three strategic axes: “product leadership, efficiency drive, global operations.”
At the 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, ps. 3.7 and pe. 13.92/1.1 respectively, the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Product upgrading was slow, smart business advancements were lower than expected and exchange rate fluctuations were high.