The United States Group (000333) household appliances have been growing steadily throughout the year, with q1 in delivery or higher than expected, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
(a) Summary of performance: the company issued its annual report for 2018, which achieved an increase of RMB 261.82 billion in 18 years, or 8.2 per cent in the same year;
The general share profit distribution plan is based on 6.590 billion shares, with 13 dollars (including taxes) in gold and 62.1 per cent in dividends (including write-offs) per 10 shares of all shareholders. The company has maintained a diversified business model during the reporting period.
Model: The heating and air-conditioning industry generated $10.94 billion, an increase of 14.7 per cent, representing 41.8 per cent of the total, and benefited from the impact of weather, real estate and channel storage cycles. In 2018, sales in the air-conditioning industry were at an all-time high. The public sector ' s heating and air-conditioning operations contributed to the main increase.
Add, on the other hand, a high-end strategy, downside costs of major raw materials and an improvement in the exchange rate over the previous year, for a number of reasons, the gross profit rate of the company’s business portfolio increased. During the reporting period, the gross interest rate of the company’s main business increased by 27.5 per cent, compared to 2.5 per cent, net interest rate by 8.3 per cent, compared to 0.6 per cent, with significant profitability.
• Long-term incentive programs continue to be advanced, with deep binding of operating layers and shareholder interests. Companies publish phase V of the Global Partnership, phase II of the Business Partnership, phase III restricted stock incentives, and phase VI equity incentives. Incentive coverage continues to expand, with firm depth tied through regular multilayered incentive schemes.
In 2018, the company started operating in various categories. High turnover operations.
The model will significantly reduce the cost of distributor funds and is expected to move away from the air-conditioning inventory cycle, and companies will increase their low-season sales. According to feedback from sources, the sales campaign of 3.15 in 2019 received good feedback and a quarterly air-conditioning delivery or supermarket is expected. To enhance the efficiency of the channels, in 2018 the company established more than 30 regional markets throughout the country.
The centre, which built up an efficient logistics system, benefited from improved logistics and after-sales channels. In 2018, the company sold more than $50 billion, an increase of more than 22 per cent over the same period. The station continued to be the first industry in the whole household in terms of electricity and electricity.
• Promoting the integration of global business and the success of Toshiba in achieving the goal of loss. In recent years, the company has continued its globalization strategy. In 2016, the company acquired 80.1% of its share in the Toshiba White House power plate, and the company and Toshiba's 1.
The strategic integration of industry maps (2018-10-31) has been enhanced by electricity in branding, channel layout, research and development innovation, supply chain integration, and quality upgrading.
2. United States Group (000333): With a robust growth of the white power tap, Shiba will be better adapted to the corporate governance model and achieve better synergies in the future.
Assumption 1: With the economic development of the country, the disposable income of our population has increased, and the share of households in the air-conditioning sector has continued to increase; We expect 250 per 100 inhabitants per 100 inhabitants of urban areas and 100 per 100 inhabitants per 100 inhabitants of rural areas. Thus, in the coming years, this increase will remain the main increase in the air-conditioning sector;
On the basis of scenario 2: intensive promotional activities, a decline in the Māori ratio of the company's main product and a guaranteed Māori rate of 2019-2021 for the heating and air-conditioning scenario 3: no significant change in the cost of the company, we project the cost of sub-operational income for the company for 2019-2021 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.