I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
If you don't like it, you'll have to take care of it.
Up/downside: nearhistorichighsonaperbasis.weexpectepsgrovethtodeleratein2019-cgs-cimb/consensus:
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
218 resultsinline; 2h18 Grossmarginsasurprisetotheupside marketcap: in 2018, midearecordedrevenueoffrmb261.8b, representing 8.2% yoygroveth.net
Rmb 347,979m profitgrew~17.1% yoytorm20.2b, inlinewithconsensus.revenuegrovethwas substantiallyweightedtowardh1 with 2grothflatoy(seefiguure1). inspiteof
I don't know what you're talking about.
Currentshareso/s: Growthinh2. Freefloat:
I'd like to thank you for your cooperation with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Justice, the Republic of Justice, the Ministry of Justice, the Republic of Justice, the Republic of Justice, the Republic of Justice, the Republic of Justice, the Republic of Justice, the Republic of Justice, the Republic of the United
Linegrovethforfull-year2019.buttom-linegrovethexpecidtooutpacerevenue performance.animinggrovethstoryin 1q19issistorywithdatafromchina maretmontor, whoshowsanuptickinhomeapplesionsssalesinmarch (seefigures)
kuka'srevenuedeclined 5% yoyinrbterms (- 6.8%ineuros), mainlyduetoa slowinglobalautosales.kukamanementcoutrevenueguidancetwiicein 2018.manageismoreupbeataboutkuka's2019outook, with 1 19rdersexpedto
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
However, totalchannelinventoryforthesecorrossallbrandsmaybeapproaching levelslastseenin 2014priortootheviousmarketketdownturninacs.consistinghigh
1h19, weremaincautiouson the category's 2019grorowthoutook.
I don't know if you're going to be able to do that, but you're not going to be able to do that, and you're going to be able to do that.
Incorporated appliancesidesby ~rm 700bnin2019-2021,wethinkmideispotentially world52pershare, inlinewithcurrentpricevel.wholewecontinuetolikemediaforitslong-termproductupgradorsandposuretointernationalmarketets,wefeel
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, guys, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
In 2018, acaccoundedfor ~50%ofgrowthinmidea'sgrosprofit. 19andhighreported \triangleright pannelinventorelevesacrosthesector,wethinktheacsegmentisunlikesteperformantain2019.
Notably, Grossmarginsforconsumerapplicances \triangleright homeapplicancesretailsbycategory (2019s.2018)
chinamarketmonitor(cmm) tracksonlineretailsalesalesonjd.com, libaba, andsunning.accordingtomm, ac salesgrew48% yoyforthemontofmarch2019.ytd, onlineasalesalenowupnarly 30% yoy.whilestilterthan 2018'sgrovethofover 60%, themarchdatabodeswellfor1q19andmarksashiftfroomroomslow
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, relativelylacklustre.
I don't know what you're talking about.
2019outook managementisconfidentat the companyoutperformeditspeersinsales andmid-to-hightop-linerowthforfullyear2019, with bottom-linegroveth
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm just saying, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, like, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, you know, like, you know, you know, like, you know, you know, like, you know, like, you know, you know, you know, you know, like, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, you, you, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, like, like, like, like, when, like, like, when, you, like, like, when, you, you, you know, you know, you know, like, you know, you know, you know, like, like, you, like, you, you, you, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, you, you, you, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, you, you, you, you, like, like, like, like, you, like, you, like, like, like, like, like, like, you, you, you, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, you, like, you, you, you, like, you, you, you, you, you, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, you, like, you, you, you, you, like, like, like, like, like,,,,, like, like,,,,,,,
Kukataretshigrowthin 1h19, withmorethaneur2bnworthofordersonhandytd.theefore, mideastimatesthatkuka's 119orderamountwillbe comparablewitthoffult-year2018, whichcouldhelpkukaachevevestrong
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
You know, the chinateam.mideahasreportedlysentsomeitsownmanagerstokuka's chinateam.
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's true that you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something, but we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, either.
I'm sorry, new projectofferings mideaisfocusingonprovidingafullprodactlineandmarkappingittoproperty managementcompanies.midea'snewcolmoandbugubrandspentetethe
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Quantification if thebenefitssofewsubsidies thugghiffiencyproductswilldefinitelybenefitmidea.
We're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(hongkong)co., Limited ("galaxyinternationalscirities") and/oritsgroupcompaniestoanyregistrationorificationwith insuchjurisdiction. thisreport (includinganyforformationatchesatched)issuedbygalaxyinternationalscirities, oneofthesubsidiaresofthechinagalalaxyinternationalinternational calendarslimited,totheentitutionsffromedtheinformationsoursourcesbelievedtobereliable,butnorepreprepresentationorationoraritty (expresslyorimactive)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, there's a lot more to it than there is to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it, there's more to it.
chinagalaxysecuritiesco., ltd. (6881.hk; 60181.ch) Isthedirectand/orindirectordingcompanof thegroupofgroupsunderachalaxyinternational financialholdslimited.chinagalaxy internationalmayfincienseinterestsintellationtothesubjectedcompany(ies)'securitiesinsepectofofchare reviewedinthisreport, and suchinterestsaggregratetomountmaqualtoorlesthan1%ofthesubcoveredcompanies(ies)
I don't know what you're talking about, otherwise. oneormoredirectors, officersand/oremployeesofnagalaxyinternationalmaybeadirestororofficerofthesecuritiesofthecompanies
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, functionofgalaxyinternational secreties and procuresareinplacementtoensuretconfidentialinforformation_eldby eitherothersesearchchorinvesbanking functionanddeledapprelately.
Thealysphisprimarilyresponsibleforthecontentofthisreport, inholeorinpart, certifiesthatthectrespact to the securities orissercercoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedacturatelyreflectorherpersonsionsoutthesubject, securitiesorisserisser; and (2) nopartofofhisorpensationwas, is, or willbe,directordirectly, relatedtoessespublicviewsexpressed by theanalytestinstitsreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecuritiesandfutures committee) (1), havedealtinortradedinthesecuritiescoveredhisresearchresearchresearchresearchrechtofoflifereport)
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it, and then I'm going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about.
20/f,wingoncentre, 111 connaughtroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong.generalline: 3698-68888.