The American group (0003333.sz)
Wang Wei Chul, Māori Promotion Co. 2019q1 net profit increases by 20% on a year-on-year basis, and the net profit increases are slightly higher than we expected. The company has also issued an announcement to absorb the merger for stock swaps.
Small Tinless Swans, Inc., shares of the company have been suspended since May 8, until the acquisition of a copy of the claim period ends when the company fulfils its obligations to disclose the relevant information.
The sales of 2019q1 air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines are higher than the industry increases by 0.9%, +3.6% and -0.9%, respectively. As a result of the company ' s price increases for air conditioners, the actual rate of growth is estimated to be slightly lower than the rate of sale, while the ice and washing products benefit from production.
It is expected that the small household power component will continue at a lower rate, mainly as a result of cooking to stock. The robotics component is based on Euro €2 billion, yoy-0.6%, with a cumulative order of Euro2.2 billion, yoy-58%, kuka camp receipt and order form.
It's flat, but the Chinese sector's orders are growing faster, reaching 20% of the new orders, and we expect that with America's help, Kuka's operations in China will continue to grow robustly, and will gradually boost the recovery of the growth rate.
The increase in the Māori rate boosted performance: the company ' s combined Māori rate of 201901 was 28.6 per cent, up from 2.4 percentage points in the product portfolio, which we believe has largely benefited from lower costs of raw materials, product upgrades and exchange rates.
Scorepoints; financial cost rate - 0.6 per cent, 0.8 percentage points lower than the previous year, mainly interest on deposits Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation a Cost end increased, but corporate profits were faster with a marked increase in the Māori rate
There is still room for improvement in the Māori rate and greater clarity in the brand ' s strategic layout: (1) prices of copper, steel, plastic, etc., the main raw materials of the company ' s products are now falling, and if this trend continues, we expect that the company ' s Māori rate will have room for further improvement in 2019 and will continue to drive net profit growth.
(2) The company ' s advance release of high-end brand colmo, stock swaps for the merger of small swans, as well as the release of a new branding magnified young, will make the strategic layout of the company ' s brand more clear and will help the company to meet the need for segmentation at all levels and further increase its market share. (3) Furthermore, if the country produces home power,
Consumer stimulus policies will provide some impetus to corporate electricity sales. (4) Kuka short-term performance, though not as expected, takes into account the company’s adjustment to the flatening of Kuka’s management structure and the expansion of domestic industrial robotics, medical care, storage automation in the Chinese market, and the country’s 2024 period.
The impact, but the company is expected to continue to grow relatively robustly, with its vanguard advantage, and the rate of growth is expected to increase if the state’s policy of promoting household electricity consumption is in place. In the medium and long term, the company is expected to grow faster.
Integration of Toshiba, clivet, swans, etc., will enhance the technological strength and global impact of companies for their long-term development, and integration of the Kuka Group will allow companies to stand directly at the higher end of their intelligence, increase efficiency and expand new growth points, as well as the multidimensional and normal nature of companies.
As the company has performed better than expected, the expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.