Spring and Fall Air (601021.sh) Airfield Air Force fleets are being increased to pick up and move into the country.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Companies achieved operating income of 2,571 million yuan in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 23.09 per cent in the same year; net profit of shareholders in listed companies of 303 million yuan, a decrease of 17.3 per cent in the same year; and a basic return of 0.38 yuan per share.
The expansion of the fleet has increased significantly, with a marked increase in operating income: as a result of the company ' s introduction of a total of 10 a320 from June to August 2016, there has been a significant increase in the company ' s overall operational data in the past quarter. The increase of 26.1 per cent over the previous period is due to the expansion of the fleet, which has contributed to a faster rate of movement, with an increase of 26.5 per cent in the ask during the first quarter.
The pressure on movement also led to a slight drop in the company’s passenger rate at a high position, 0.1 pts less than the previous year, to 93.1 per cent, but still in the forefront of the industry. The significant increase in the volume of shipments benefited from a 23.09 per cent increase in the company’s revenue in the first quarter of the year, reaching $2,571 million.
The demand for domestic routes is strong, and efforts are being made to improve the layout of domestic routes: in terms of market segmentation, the fourth quarter of 2017 was a drag on performance and cost control was excellent - the overall performance of domestic routes during the first quarter was significantly better than that of international routes, and the national and international rpk were different.
The same-year growth rate of 37.3 per cent and 10.3 per cent was marked by a clear return of demand to the country. In addition, the company responded to market changes.
Spring and Fall Aviation Three Quarterly Review, 2016.11.1 Positive response to changing demand in the market, domestic and international ask growth, respectively 3. Recovery of Power Growth, Restricted Stock Incentive Guarantee
Multiple windfall operating costs and reduced airline subsidy profit margins: A quarter of a year, due to the average price of Brent crude oil and 4. "The aircraft ' s delayed introduction caused a substantial increase in revenue and support income over the 54 per cent increase, resulting in significant pressure on aviation fuel costs, and the expansion of the fleet, resulting in wages, salaries and salaries.
Contribution to Māori Spring and Fall Aviation Midpoint Review, 2016.8.30. Rates of landing and depreciation are expected to increase at an accelerated rate, with company operating costs of $2.25 billion, compared with growth in 5.
The airline subsidy of $281 million resulted in an increase in the out-of-service income of $130 million, an effective reduction in net profit, a net profit of $303 million, a 17.3 per cent decline over the previous quarter, attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a strong overall demand in the domestic air transport market, gradual liberalization of airline fares and a steady increase in marketization.
Deepening, creating a good environment for businesses; spring and fall aviation as a low-cost aviation leader, air + brigade model provides a strong growth momentum.
The impact of macroeconomic downturns, higher oil prices and exchange rate fluctuations, disease outbreaks and severe weather events, etc. The averages then arrive at the final rating as the average market investment.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.