In 2019, the company published its annual report for 2019. In 2019, the company achieved business income of $18,656.6 billion.
17.27 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounted to $4.081 billion, up from the same period in the previous year
Operating income was $18,656.6 million, of which the pharmaceutical industry earned $23,490 million, compared with growth.
Innovative drug line acquisition stage progresses. Ritten suspense anti-septic receptor adaptive disorders have been clinically acquiesced; Ray Stun supremacist adaptive disorders have been initiated in clinical trials of ii and the first test has been completed.
In terms of marketing, the number of products has increased from 31 in 2018 to 35, of which more than 500 million species have increased to nine, mainly through a further streamlined marketing system.
In the case of pseudo-pharmaceutical consistency evaluations, a total of four different varieties of dichlorfon, ceremonium sulfide capsules, bloafone capsules, relieving capsules, and Inapolitic acid, were evaluated for consistency during the reporting period.
The company took full advantage of the innovation drug acceleration policy dividend and expanded its differentiated competitive advantage in import agents.
The import of vaccines by the public administration continued to grow, with revenues of $3.14 billion in 2019 from vaccine distribution operations.
The investment in hepatitis B vaccine and herpes vaccine with GlaxoSk during the same period was recommended: the company was the leading medical business, the innovative drug line continued to expand, and commercial cooperation continued, and the rating system's “market index” reference was 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.