The short-term performance of pharmaceutical organisms in Shanghai is affected by the epidemic, and equity incentives are injected into growth.
The net profit on maternity was 1.04 billion yuan, a decrease of 7.8 per cent in the same year. The net gain on non-mortality was 980 million yuan, a decline in the impact of the epidemic and an expansion in overseas exports. Data on company revenues for the first quarter of the year declined.
New coronary pneumonia is gradually sweeping the world, and demand for drugs in overseas markets has surged, with companies providing support to dozens of countries as of early April, with the total amount of anti-epidemic medicines exported exceeding last year’s total. In the long run, companies are actively involved in the selection of collateral buyers and distributors, with a marked increase in the share of the market in the first 11 pilot cities.
In 2019, the M&A was completed in Sichuan, and capital forces were used in the provinces and cities of Jiangsu, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Hubei, etc.
The company’s revenue from business in 2020 is expected to return to a high rate of growth. The increase has also produced significant results.
Applications for clinical trials for small molecule anti-cancer drug sph4336 were received by the National Drug Control Service: 2 drugs (right zap clones, haemolysed acid dicholysis) passed the quality and consistency evaluation of generics, bringing the total to nine as of 2020q1. The company and the Israeli pharmaceutical company Mapipharma are in agreement with each other.
Development of two long-acting injection projects to create a platform for long-acting slow-release formulations for high-tech barriers. Meanwhile, in conjunction with new research and development projects, several projects are expected to enter the clinical and pre-ind declaration phase in 2020.
The company’s new profit growth point is expected to be the cloud’s health b-round financing, and the industry’s “for-profit” eco-regions will be created.
In 2019, the company launched its first equity incentive program, which includes nine executives and 201 company cadres, and is expected to grant 2.8341 million stock options. The introduction of the incentive scheme will give the company a new growth dynamic that will boost its future performance.
Profit forecasting and rating: it is expected to return to growth as the epidemic eases corporate performance.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.