The net profits of the seafood industry grew by 2,360 million yuan in 2018, or 16.80 per cent in the same year; the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 4,365 million yuan in the same year.
During the reporting period, the company continued to promote steady growth of its products through initiatives such as crop cultivation through channels, brand transfer, etc. The production of soy sauce increased by 15.37 per cent, sales increased by 14.79 per cent and revenues of 10.236 billion yuan.
Prices are positive for income, with Māori increasing by 1.78 pct to 40.92 per cent; and sauce production by 1.89 per cent, which is positive, with Māori increasing by 2.37 pct to 47.75 per cent.
The marketing costs have increased slightly as a result of branding awareness, market input and the strengthening of the sales team, but the cost rate has fallen, and the positive effect of sales input-led income growth is evident. The cost rate has fallen by 0.44 pct in the overall period, beginning with the third five-year plan in 19 and the company has set a 2019 business goal in its 18-year annual report.
In the light of the ocean’s performance in recent years, we believe that the 19-year target is relatively robust, and that companies are more likely to be able to carry out their programs smoothly without the impact of an unexpected event. As the firm’s absolute leader in the appetizer industry, especially in the soy sauce industry.
Products such as soy sauce and aphid oil have a higher branding and consumer recognition in the domestic consumer population. In response to rising consumption, public-sector channels are constantly expanding consumer goods, enriching the product system, and heating up through brand names.
The manner in which the ecclesiastical shows are designed to strengthen the brand image of the young generation that consumes the changing age, and to enhance the penetration of the dominant product, Open Source Securities. Although the sea has the highest share of the domestic market, overall, the domestic market is concentrated.
The middle level is still modest, and even in the stock market, it can continue to expand its market share through such competitions as product upgrading and product-type expansion.
Large channel capacity will further consolidate the position of corporate condensed giants. We value the company’s leading position in the industry, its robust operation, its powerful channel capacity, its future potential for more high-end new products and high-yielding products, and its ability to raise profits, giving companies a higher rating.
Figure 2: The history of the seafood industry, pb, who has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, has produced the present report independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.