Plan 2-5 was successfully closed and continued high-profile, with the seafood industry (603288) being evaluated in 2018. The seafood industry released its annual report for 2018: 17,034 million yuan in operating income for the entire year 2018, an increase of 16.80 per cent, attributable to the parent company.
Net profits amounted to $4.365 billion, an increase of 23.60 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, for the fourth quarter alone, operating revenues amounted to $4.323 billion, an increase of 15.63 per cent over the same period. The net profits attributable to the parent company now amount to $1,234 million, an increase of 24.29 per cent over the same period.
The year-round income growth has been robust and significant, with a high increase in aphid oil and vinegar. According to the sub-business plate, the soy sauce is the third largest and the vinegar is the fourth fastest growing unit. Specifically, the company achieved 10,236 million yuan in soy sauce in 2018, a 15.85 per cent increase and a 0.42 per cent decrease in prices; and the net profit growth rate in the town of Jingdang was 25 per cent more than in the same year.
This is mainly due to sales contributions, argon and vinegar are growing at a rate of more than 20%, soy sauce is growing at a steady pace, and the per-digit increase in sauce is due mainly to the entry of sauce channels, product specifications, into a bottleneck period and normal performance in the restructuring of operations. As companies diversify their products, the single brand strategy of “main brands plus brands” looks forward to the company’s future development of its flavour platform-type enterprises.
The Māori rate continues to rise at both rates. In 2018, the company achieved a Māori sales rate of 46.47 per cent, an increase of 0.78 pt, a net sales rate of 25.63 per cent, an increase of 1.42 pt over the same period. The increase in Māori in 2018 was mainly due to restructuring of the product, and the upward trend at the middle and upper ends remained unchanged. The increase in the net interest rate was mainly due to the cost of selling.
Related to the firm’s strict control fees, on the one hand, and to its growing network’s reduced marketing costs and emerging economies of scale, on the other hand, the per capita income generated by the company grew by 4.69% over the same period, the per capita salary increased by 15.14% over the same period, adjusted to pay levels, double-digit growth was achieved in all regions, and electricity channels increased by almost 50%.
21.81 per cent, characterized by a relatively small regional growth rate, indicates strong corporate sales, full nationalization of consumer awareness of the Sea Sky brand, and the prospect of future internationalization as demand expands overseas. In addition, $292 million, or 45.6 per cent more, is being achieved on the line, with a gradual penetration of spices.
On the one hand, the industry will continue to enjoy the benefits of increased concentration in the industry, and the future concentration in the soy sauce monolith is expected to rise to 30%.
(1) Production capacity was highest, with a combined capacity of over 2.8 million tons at the end of 2018, and the development of the upper-middle-middle-middle-middle-ton production line and the Jiangsu-line was the most heavily covered (2), with the distribution channels covering 100 per cent of the cities at and above the end of 2018, with nearly 90 per cent of the inland provinces sold, hundreds of millions sold, the sinking of the country's three-line city and county markets and the upgrading of household consumption through the ka channel as an extension of the company's channels
(3) Consumers of products have the highest acceptance, the best-known, the best-selling, and the best-selling distributors can sell. Looking at the growth in the company’s “in-house + outlier” currency, which currently stands at $9,457 million, and its more stringent external M&As, after 14 years of acquisition of the Greater Royal Dairy and 17 years of the Dan and Vineries industry, many corporate initiatives are expected to be developed in parallel by multi-product companies as platform-based enterprises.
Given that the combined competitive advantage of Sea-based firms in terms of products, production capacity, channels and management is evident, that there has been a further increase in city occupancy, and that higher barriers to competition make it possible for companies to continue to lead the industry at future rates of growth, revenues are expected to reach $19.43 billion in 19-21, $22.967 billion in 19-21, and table 1: Company profitability projections, respectively
The master’s degree in financial first degree from the University of Duren, and the undergraduate degree in specific proposals or ideas of the dual research assistant brief from the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics are directly or indirectly relevant.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.