Seafood Industries (603288): steady growth in performance and high re-innovation of the combined Māori rate: the company released its 2018 report on 26 March. During the reporting period, the company achieved an operating income of $17.34 billion, an increase of 16.80 per cent, attributable to listed company shares
The net profit of the East rose by 23.60 per cent over the same period by $4.365 billion; the increase in net profit after deductions led to a rapid increase in revenue/net gains: corporate operating income and net gains in 2018 sustained the rapid growth of the previous year, at a rate of more than 15 per cent per single season.
In particular, 2018q4, with revenues of $4.23 billion, an increase of 15.63 per cent over the same period, is good. The company has diversified its products into sauce, aphids, sauce, vinegar, chicken sperm, venom, wine, and so on. Over the years, the company has been selling them.
For many years in a row, soy sauce, sauce sauce, and americium are still the most important products in the world. Sub-products, $10.236 billion in soy sauce, share price performance (last year)
The same-year increase of 15.85%, with the first break of 10 billion, and the revenue of aphid oil of 2,856 million yuan, which also contributed more than 1 billion dollars in small products such as alcohol. The increase in income during the reporting period was mainly due to overall sales (the main impact factor) and average unit prices.
Regionally, the development of all regions of the country has been balanced, with the fastest growth rate in the western region, reaching 21.81 per cent, and regions such as South China, East China, Central and North, where price increases + higher-end product share increased Māori: corporate output increased during the reporting period
In 2018, the combined Māori rate rose by 0.78 pct to 46.47%, which is the highest in history, mainly as a result of rising sales of high-end soy sauce and soybeans and soybeans.
The cost of raw materials, such as packages, has fallen slightly. Sales rates have fallen slightly from 0.29 pct to 13.13 per cent, down slightly from last year, but they are still high, mainly because of increased market input and enhanced marketing team-building, which has resulted in a wide range of programmes sponsored by the title.
(b) A significant reduction in the administrative cost rate of 2.62 pct to 1.44 per cent, mainly as a result of the separate listing of research and development costs originally charged to the management costs; and a decrease in the financial cost of 0.34 pct to
-0.90%, mainly due to reduced interest costs for the current period. • The future of the company: (1) the volume and income of the company's spices have been in the forefront of the industry for many years.
The market size of the product class is in the lead, even the absolute lead, and will continue to benefit from increased concentration in the industry and rising domestic consumption; (2) companies continue to scale up the production base and can do so again in the future “3 by 5” plan of the company
The release of more than 1 million tons of appetizer production capacity, the successful commissioning of the Jiangsu plant and the continued increase in operational capacity, which has always been a step in the way, have provided production security for the steady development of the market; and (3) the sales network of companies has infiltrated the country.
Most counties and municipalities now have the most powerful marketing networks in the domestic industry, providing a solid basis for future market expansion and product-type development. During the reporting period, the Department accelerated the pace of new business development and continued to drive online business development, innovation and retailing.
There is an active expansion of online business, such as the power-to-trade partnership, where revenues from online markets grew by 45.60 per cent over the previous year; consumer demand from overseas is also expanding and companies are expected to fluctuate; and (3) food safety issues.
Wan Yong: University of Hull, England, Master of Business Administration, main area of research and tracking: Large consumption, based on a rise or decline in securities relative to 300 indexes in the six months following the report. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.