Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco. Yearly review of seafood industry: target two and five is on schedule and steady growth will continue in the next five years.
Events: The company announcement for the year 2018, which resulted in revenues of $17.34 billion during the reporting period, met expectations in four quarters of a single increase, the year-round performance guidelines were exceeded, the two-fifth plan was perfectly closed, and the market expected a 36.42% gross sales margin and a net interest rate of 28.55% were innovative.
Revenues, profits, have exceeded targets, and sales of Māori and net interest rates have reached record highs. Companies’ revenues have continued to grow at a faster pace since their listing, increasing profitability, and the “two-fifths” are scheduled to close, and the “five-year re-establishment of a sea-day and doubling of revenues” goal has been successfully achieved.
The seafood industry (603288).
The seafood industry (603288) reported a quarterly increase of 26.02 per cent (volume +24.65 per cent, price + 1.10 per cent); a minor increase (volume + 2.98 per cent, price - 0.42 per cent) in flavour sauce; and an equivalent increase of 16.79 per cent for other spices, almost the same as the main camp.
There were no price adjustments throughout the year 2018, income growth was largely based on higher sales, and product restructuring was carried out by the seafood industry (603288). The seafood tracker: also has an impact but has a limited contribution. The company does not currently have a 2019 exchange plan, 2019.
Re-innovation of the Māori rate, cost-effectiveness improvement, improvement of the target, growth mainly through volume increases. Soy sauce is expected to continue to grow steadily and faster through a comprehensive promotion strategy, a focus on the number and quality of networks, improved channel efficiency, etc.; aphids are used for nationalization.
Development opportunities for consumer consumption, upgrading of quality, optimization of structures, and expansion of channels are expected to continue the momentum of rapid development: the sauce is continuously adjusted through product structure and market channels, and development is expected to grow: other spices are accompanied by the expansion of multi-grade strategies and potential goods.
In terms of market structure, the regions of South China, East China, Central, North and North West have been growing steadily by more than two digits during the reporting period.
During the reporting period, the online market generated $292 million, an increase of 45.60 per cent. In the future, companies are expected to continue to accelerate their business fission and new business development, as well as their online, export and feature businesses.
There is continued improvement in profitability, product structure, and there is still room for future upgrades. Companies did not raise prices in 2018, but the overall Māori rate increased by 0.78 ptt on a year-on-year basis, largely as a result of the transformation of companies towards digital artificial intelligence and the integration of new technologies and business applications.
Direct materials, manufacturing costs and direct labour under cost analysis grew by 12.55 per cent and 13.75 per cent, respectively, mainly as a result of the increase in the number of producers and the increase in remuneration levels, and it is expected that this will be followed by an increase in the transformation of smart manufacturing and an increase in overall operational efficiency.
By category, the Māori rate for soy sauce, aphid oil, spice sauce, and other spices was 50.55%, respectively, and at the start of the 25th Plan, the low-income share of the soy sauce high school was about 1:6:3. Over the past five years, it has been accompanied by catering, household consumption and regulatory upgrading, and soy sauce products.
The increase in the Māori rate is more pronounced by adjusting the optimized quality and structure. The current level of Māori for aphid oil is lower than average, and will increase in the future with the high end, as well as in scale and effect.
The Māori rate is expected to converge gradually towards soy sauce and sauce. The first drop has been since the market. The company now covers 100% of all local municipalities, although the company continues to increase its market input and strengthen its marketing team, but with improved access, enhanced branding, and increased branding.
Increases in combined competitiveness and sustained income growth have begun to show scale effects, with high gross-selling innovation in four quarters alone more evident. Companies committed to talent introduction and structural upgrading, associated cost increases, administrative costs increased by 19.75 per cent over the reporting period, and management costs maintained at a rate of 19.75 per cent over the same period.
Financial gains have been effectively raised, with financial net gains increasing by 86.11 per cent over the reporting period.Visually, the cost of raw materials may increase mildly in 2019; unit manufacturing costs and direct artificial costs reduced with the effects of intelligent manufacturing and scale: capital costs due to technological change are included in the cost
This may lead to a slight decline in the Māori rate; continued reasonable levels of sales and management costs; and relatively stable net financial returns. But, over time, as size continues to grow, capacity is fully released, product structure is more rational, productivity efficiency is constantly improving.
Yearly review of the seafood industry: the target of two and five was reached on schedule and continued robust growth in the next five years Increasing research and development to exploit potential categories: accelerated production and distribution of capacity to protect the three and five developments spending by companies on research and development during the reporting period was 493 million yuan, or 22.74 per cent, or 2.89 per cent of revenue.
The industry is currently growing at the same time as the concentration increases and the products are being broken down, accelerating the development of potential products, developing new products, including composite modules, and actively expanding multi-species, multi-species, multi-species, multi-species, etc.
But as the smart second campaign is fully operational, the company’s capacity is now largely saturated. Looking ahead to the next five years, the company is expected to continue to achieve double digits.
The accelerated release of the Jiangsu base capacity and the second phase of the project, the “3 by 5” package, are expected to release more than 1 million tons of acrylic production capacity again. The first-step production mix will provide production security for the stable development of the market, and provide protection for the "3 by 5" development.
The seafood industry, thanks to its distinctive brand, channel, class and size, has been expanding the moat, increasing profitability and net interest rates. We judge that the company will continue to do so in the future as a result of a concentrated boost in dividends, consumer dividends, cost dividends, management dividends, etc.
Considering that companies will be able to maintain a high rate of growth in the coming two years, and that revenue and profits will likely fall after next year. Companies will still maintain a very high premium, supported by foreign and North capital.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.