The seafood industry (603288) has grown in quality, and the new five-year plan continues to be optimistic with the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: Annual company reports, 17.34 billion yuan in business earnings achieved in 2018, compared with 16.8 per cent, net profit earned by the mother 4.36 billion yuan, compared with 23.6 per cent, of which q4 + 15.6 per cent, net profit earned by the mother at 1.230 billion yuan, corresponding to an increase of +24.3 per cent, while the company intends to distribute it for every 10 shares.
The target of two-fifths was met on schedule, and balanced development was of better quality. 1, 2018 was the year the company took office, and the company successfully achieved its ambitious goal of “a new five-year sea day, double operating income.” Performance in 2018 was more based on volume increases, with expected moderate increases of 15%, and a ton price increase.
1%, the rapid growth that can still be achieved at such a high volume base indicates a high quality of growth. 2. Sub-products, the three core products of soy sauce, soy sauce and aphid oil have been growing steadily, increasing by the same year, and the 18-year concentration of soy sauce has been on product structural optimization and channel adaptation, and the basis for subsequent development has been tightened.
Effectively seize the development opportunities of nationalization and consumer consumption, and continue to strengthen the leading edge. 3. Subregionally, the growth is balanced in East and East by more than two digits.
Growing markets continue to push for product structural upgrading, and weak markets, such as those in the west, continue to penetrate rapidly, with an over 20% increase in performance. Companies are actively expanding online, with electricity providers earning +45.6% compared to +45.6% on product structure optimization + smart manufacturing, Māori rates continue to rise, and profitability rises again.
With the upgrading of product structures and smart manufacturing, the company’s tonnage price has risen, the cost of tons has continued to fall, and the overall Māori rate for food production has increased by 1.21 pp to 48.06%. The company will accelerate the transformation of smart manufacturing, and the value of the supply-and-sale business chain will increase, contributing to overall efficiency gains and lower costs.
In terms of cost control, sales costs are equal to +14.3 per cent, mainly increased branding and market inputs by companies, increased brand advantage through a focus on brand headline resources, sustained promotion of sea weather's reputation in core consumer groups, and managed overall sales costs well, with a decrease of from 0.29 pp to 13.13 per cent in the same year; and management costs are equal to the same.
+19.75%, mainly due to a commitment to the introduction of talent, the optimization of the talent structure, and the continued increase in the cost of research and development (+22.7%) to ensure the continued competitiveness of the products. Through fine management, companies achieve clear industrial excellence with indicators, with productive capacity released to add-up expansion, and value the company’s continued high growth in its role as a company.
In the future, the firm will continue to be strong and strengthen its leader as it releases Jiangsu's capacity.
In 19 years, when the company’s third five-year plan began, the company will make every effort to achieve its 16% revenue, 20% profit, and its performance will be more certain. At the same time, the company uses the sea sky’s platforms and superior resources to continuously expand and cultivate wine, alcohol, and alcohol.
New products, such as vinegar, composite sauce, create a condensed condensate. The expansion of the new products will lead to a sustained increase in performance, looking at the third five-year construction of a new Sea Sky.
2. Sea weather industry (603288): The performance is solid as a rock, and the sea weather (2018-04-26) has not been, has not been or will not be subject to any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.