Seafood Industries (603288.ss): A brief analysis: Four-quarter performances 2018, Sea-sea-temperatures announced sales earnings/net profits of 17 billion yuan yuan in 2018, respectively. The implied four-quarter sales/net profits increased by 16 per cent/24 per cent, respectively, in line with our projections. The sales proceeds are mainly from the national network.
While sales earnings have increased to double digits in all regions, the central and western regions and power-market platforms have experienced the largest increases. Soy sauce and aphid oil are the two main sources of growth, but the growth in other types of flavour juice has slowed slightly.
An increase of 80 basis points, 16 per cent per 21 per cent per year. We believe that this guidance reflects the company ' s sales of brands and products, despite the macroeconomic slowdown: soy sauce and aphids grew by 16 per cent and 26 per cent, respectively, in 2018, and continued to increase strongly, but it did.
His type of flavour juice slowed down to 3% on a year-on-year basis, and sales in all regions: all regions grew by more than 14%, while Western/Central/Mercorian platforms led the increase, which we believe was the result of continuous corporate channels and brand investments.
Local governments have 100% penetration, and 90% of the provinces have annual sales revenues that exceed RMB 100 million. Moreover, the public sector’s branding industry is still in the forefront. For example, companies are sponsors of such popular entertainment programmes as the Best Brain, the Limits Challenge, and the Cross-Border Song King.
Māori rate: The increase in sales across the product categories is mainly due to a boost in sales, as the average price increase for the product is down from the previous year (at a rate of 0 to 1 per cent on a year-on-year basis). However, corporate management has increased marketing management costs by effectively controlling the cost of raw materials per ton: while the company is concerned about branding and the expansion of distribution channels, it is driven by lower transport costs.
The company has succeeded in reducing the sales management rate by 40 basis points to 13%. We also noted a 15% increase in average employee remuneration expenditure in 2018.
I, Liao Yu, cfa, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any portion of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combined comparison of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the year’s projections of capital return indicators, such as croci, the average use of capital.
Rates of return and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market surpluses, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, and net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
We then rate the company against M & As from 1 to 3, of which one represents a higher probability of the company becoming a M & A (30-50 per cent), two has a medium probability (15-30 per cent), and three have a relatively low probability of Qantum quantum, a highly proprietary database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well in the long term vis-à-vis their global counterparts with excellent returns on capital, sustainable competitive advantages and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social and corporate governance).
Industry is based mainly on a comprehensive quantitative analysis of the performance of enterprises in these three areas. Liao Ying Hau, cfa: a share of media, a share of food drinks.a A share of food drinks: anhuiguingdistilleryco., jiangsuring'sluckbrewery, jiangsuyanghe, kweichowmooutai, luzhoulaojiao, qinghaihuzhu
Barleywineco., Shanxixinghuacunfenwine, sichuanswellfunco., tsingtaobrewery(a), wuliangyeyibin.a Media unit: alphagroup, beijingenlightmediaco., beijinggehuacatv, beijinghualubainafilm&tvco., bluefucuscompulsion, chinath soubblishing&media, focusmediainformationtech, guangdongadvertishing, huaybrothersmedia, imaxchining, jiangsuzhouding
Phoeenix, orientalpearl, ourpalmco., Wandafilm, zhejianghuacefilm&tv. Statutory disclosures relating to the company did not disclose specific information about the following companies: foshhanhataianflavouring&food (rmb75.05)
Company ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Return decisions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has a dynamic rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of purchase and sale ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
The investment rating of these stocks has changed, to be eliminated. Ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets (if any) for such stocks previously set will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Research (cs): We have already suspended
Suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless, because this report is distributed in China by High China Securities. High China Securities are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.