Biannual report for 2025: short-term performance pressure, positive cost-efficiency events: semi-annual report for 2025.
Investment portfolio: multiple factors, multi-factor influence, multi-māori pressure, investment portfolio: 25h1 achieved income of $4.478 billion, corresponding to 7.23 per cent, representing 79.07 per cent of revenue collected, mainly as a result of high-speed exits, road diversions, and differentiated fee policies.
On 30 June, the company invested a total mileage of 14,865 kilometres, covering 22 provinces, self-government areas and municipalities directly under its control.
The company successfully completed the “Four New Ones” reform to construct the “Operational Control Headquarters + Specialized Businesses” new ecology. 2) Smart traffic plate: 25h1 achieved $152 million, compared to 24.39%, mainly due to a reduction in the size of interest-bearing liabilities and lower interest rates on borrowing. At the end of investment returns, 25h1
The company realizes investment gains of about 2,353 million yuan, compared to 0.27 per cent.
In the main industry, companies maintain a more active pace of asset buy-over and acquisition of high-quality targets than their counterparts, and the Soldat Securities Company Ltd. is expected to contribute significantly to the growth of its performance by having its own road product relatively young compared to its peers; 2) road production
In the business of the chain of operations, the company has a much larger business in intelligent transportation and technology.
We believe that companies, as industry champions, are able to operate with great competence and maintain a high rating of “buy-in” .
Risk factors: Delayed acquisitions are not as expected; traffic flows are not increasing as expected; major transport areas such as road rate policies, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, etc., served as external evaluations for several provinces, joined in 2023 and were mainly responsible for research in the aviation, airport and other sectors.
In 2024, it became a member of the organization, which is mainly responsible for research in such sectors as couriers, logistics, roads, etc. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.