The Chairman of the Board of Directors has increased confidence that the head of the company, Mr. Shen Ho-Ping, will increase the company's shares by means of personal contributions.
The chairman has his own capital growth, the employee holding scheme, the company's confidence, and the company's 2019 employee holding scheme.
There are no more than 459 persons, including 8 directors, supervisors, senior managers, and no more than 451 other employees. Mr. Shen Hoping, the president and general manager of the company, is not included in the incentive scheme.
In six months, the company’s shares are bought with its own funds. This underscores its confidence in the company.
At the end of 18 years, the company’s total solar-grade monocrystal silicon material production capacity reached 25gw, and the major shareholders (2019 q1) were solid. As domestic policy landed, the bidding sequence started, the price parity market opened, and domestic demand opened.
It's going to start gradually; with the ongoing heat in overseas markets, industry climates are going up, companies are expanding semiconductor material production, and profitability is going up for the last six months, compared to 300 deep.
The sales of corporate semiconductor silicon tablets in 2018 were 374 million square inches, with operating revenues of 1,013 million yuan, an increase of 73.55 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate of 30.08 per cent, an increase of 6.45 percentage points in the same year, with a significant increase in profitability.
For semiconductor silicon products, the city accounts for more than 90%. The company base in Tianjin now has 8 inches of silicon production capacity of 300,000 per month, 12 inches of new tin-free production capacity of 20,000 per month.
Production of 150,000 12 inches of polish line, further consolidation and enhancement of the company’s core competitiveness. Profitability will continue to pick up, while semiconductor operations will expand, and companies will usher in a new era of two-wheel-drive and semiconductors. Over the next six months, the company’s “uptake” rating will be maintained.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.