Events: companies published annual reports for 2018, companies achieved business income of 13,756 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 42.63 per cent in the same year, mothers ' net profit of 632 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 8.16 per cent in the same year, and women ' s net profit of 313 million yuan in the same year.
The fourth quarter saw a decline of RMB 4.5 billion, an increase of 61.21 per cent, a single-season net profit for the mother.
This represents an increase of 140.62 per cent, mainly due to an increase in the productive capacity of the company's new energy materials industry and an increase in sales, but a decline of 3.63 per cent, or 15.03 per cent, in the Māori rate over the same period, mainly due to a sharp fall in product prices after “531.” The Māori semiconductor chip rate increased by 6.45 per cent, or 30.08 per cent, in 2018, mainly due to a decline in corporate half-conductor prices.
In the second half of 2018, the photovoltaic industry began to move out of the “531” New Deal, and demand gradually recovered, with silicon silicon silicon silicon, and so on.
Prices of products are also on the rise, with industry expected to continue to grow in 2019, while the proximity of the era of photovoltaic prices to the Internet has increased claims for high conversion rates of single crystal silicon silicon. On March 19, 2019, the company, together with the city governments of Hu and Holt, invested in the construction of the "medium five-stage 25gw single silicon" in the city of Hu and Holt.
The project will become the largest single crystal silicon production base in the world.
The company plans to raise funds by means of a non-public release.
No more than $5 billion will be invested in the semiconductor 8-12 inches of silicon production line project. The overall size of the semiconductor market will continue to expand and grow over the next 5-10 years, driven by factors such as auto electrons, ai, industrial controls, 5g, big data applications, and the transformation of intelligent manufacturing.
The successive releases of new production capacity in the region, as well as the expansion of 6 inches in the Tianjin region, the capacity of companies to compete in size, Pan Yongla: Master of Finance, Xiamen University, eight years of experience in securities research, covering mainly engineering and electrical equipment, Xu Wai: Master of Technology, Zhejiang University, two years of experience in securities research, covering mainly new energy generation.
Li Chi Ho, Master of Space Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, 1 year of portfolio research experience, covering mainly new energy vehicles, address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 5x4 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City