It is expected that productive capacity will lead to a successful release of corporate growth, and the announcement by the company that in 2018 the company will have earned 13.36 billion yuan, an increase of 42.63 per cent in the same year, a net operating cash flow of 1.7 billion yuan, an increase of 62.37 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 633 million yuan, an increase of 8.16 per cent in the same year, attributable to shareholders in listed companies;
The company expects to realize a net return of $180-$200 million in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 44.03 per cent-76.04 per cent over the same period.
The main reason is that the company’s new production capacity for photovoltaic silicone and the additional production capacity for semiconductor silicon silicon are growing rapidly. And the company’s management of internal operations and intelligence is through strict cost control, effective implementation of streamlined management, internal management, and intelligence.
Noise-related research, increasing production in the text and the release of superior productive capacity have effectively reduced the cost of doing business.
In the text, we believe that the company’s improved profitability after four quarters of the price of the photovoltaic silicon was stable, indicating that the corporate production ring “Key” 2018–11-30 is all moving in the right direction. And the Tianjin semiconductor silicon also contributed in the fourth quarter.
The substantial profits in the text form the basis for the further development of the company’s subsequent semiconductor large silicon business.
In 2018, the company's new energy materials business received $12.9 billion, an increase of 41 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the completion of four production slopes in the company's main text, the completion of the production capacity of Mongolia and the transformation project, which has now reached production, and the company's overall solar scale by the end of 2018.
Textual: The performance was revised to a pre-enhancement of silicon silicon silicon material, which together produced more than 25gw per year. In 2018, sales of photovolcose silicon were increased by 135.45 per cent over the previous year, with good value for future performance in text 2019-01-30.
The company will continue to push the crystal manufacturing base in the Inner Mongolia region beyond its design capacity to 30gw. In addition, the company will, in due course, promote the five-phase extension project in Inner Mongolia to fill the high-quality capacity gap.
The company has now signed a cooperation agreement with the People's Government of the city of Houthu and Hut to create the “Central Ring Five 25gw Single Crystal Silicon Project” with an estimated investment of 9 billion yuan, and with the completion of the textal project, the company's ability to produce photovoltaic silicon is expected to double.
While we believe that domestic electricity prices and subsidized size policies are not yet in place and that the domestic market is not yet fully operational, the demand in the foreign market is high, and orders from single-silicone companies were saturated or even in short supply in February, prompting up-to-date prices of silicone in the middle, and the future supply and demand situation is expected to continue, with a gradual impact of price decline in the previous period due to the 531 policy
By eliminating the text, monocrystal silicon prices will return to a reasonable profit zone, not excluding further price increases due to tight supply and demand of silicon in the second quarter. The company’s continued expansion of productive capacity will not only enable it to further increase market ownership, but the low cost of subsequent new production will make it more profitable.
The performance of the semiconductor silicon is beginning to be released as another growth point for the company. In 2018, the company received $1.01 billion in semiconductor material business, an increase of 73 per cent over the same period. The main reason was that the company’s sky region, 8.3 million pieces of silicon/month production capacity, had reached production in the third quarter of last year, had been fully digested and had a middle ring in the company’s subsidiaries.
The expansion of inch capacity will further enhance firm-scale competitiveness. In addition, the 5 inch gpp expansion project will take a step forward to increase market ownership. The sum of funds that the company intends to raise will not exceed 5 billion yuan yuan, investing in the 8-12 inch semiconductor silicon project, this time.
In 2019, eight inches of silicon production will be increased and 12 inches of silicon will be produced. In 2019, 8,750,000 silicons/month capacity will gradually be released and future performance will be driven by double wheels. In 2018, the company invested $775 million in research and development, an increase of 55.49%, or 5.64% of operating income.
With 0.47 percentage points in text, the company’s continued R & D investment will provide the company with further technological advantages in the future. As a result of photovoltaic silicon billions, $20.930 billion and 28.43 billion yuan, the net return profit is $1.250 billion, $1.67 billion and $2.240 billion, respectively, the risk of falling prices in the industrial chain in the text; semiconductor silicon production will not release as much as expected; and the price of large silicon in the future.
Noise number: s03005700501.
Noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise, noise.
The logic of noise analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and this report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.