The company announced that in 2018 it had achieved revenues of 13.36 billion yuan, an increase of 42.63 per cent in the same year, a net operating cash flow of 1.7 billion yuan, an increase of 62.37 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 633 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, an increase of 8.16 per cent in the same year;
The company is expected to realize a return net profit of $180 to $220 million in the first quarter of 2019, compared to the expected performance of the same period and a significant improvement in its business performance.
The main reason is that the company’s additional production capacity for photovoltaic silicon and the additional production capacity for semiconductor silicon silicon are growing rapidly. And the company effectively reduces its operating costs by exercising strict cost control, efficient and efficient management, internal management, and intellectual upgrading, and the continuous release of superior production capacity.
The company's ability to make a profit improved significantly after four quarters of the price of the photovolatile silicon was stabilized, as illustrated by the company's production of the ring “Key” 2018-11-30.
Both release and downside efficiency gains are moving in the right direction. And Tianjin semiconductor silicon has also contributed considerable profits in four quarters, laying the foundation for further development of company-wide semiconductor large silicone business. (002129): Non-public distribution assistance
In 2018, the company collected $12.9 billion in new energy materials, a 41 per cent increase over the same period.
Inner Mongolia's four-phase and remodelling projects have been completed and are now fully operational, with the company's entire solar-grade monolithic unit at the end of 2018: improved performance by pre-enhancement, silicon silicon silicon silicon material combined to produce more than 25gw per year. In 2018, the sales of photovoltaic silicon were increased by 135.45 per cent over the previous year.
Prices are good for future performance. 2019-01-30. Production grew by 140.62% from last year.
In addition, the company will, in due course, promote five production expansion projects in Inner Mongolia to fill the high-quality capacity gap. It will continue the 5gw high-efficiency stacking component project, which has a competitive advantage in global differentiation. The company has now signed a cooperation agreement with the People's Government of Hu and Hoot City to build a “Middle Ring Five 25gw monosilicon project” with an estimated investment of 9 billion yuan.
With the completion of the project, companies are expected to double their capacity for photovoltaic silicon production. We believe that domestic electricity prices, subsidized scale policies have not yet been put in place, domestic markets have not yet been fully activated, but the demand in overseas markets is high, and orders from single-silicon companies in February were saturated or even in short supply, prompting the middle-line up-scaling.
Silicon prices, which are expected to continue in the future, will gradually be eliminated as a result of the fall in prices in the previous period as a result of the 531 policy, and single crystal silicon prices will return to a reasonable profit zone, excluding further price increases due to tight supply and demand of silicon in the second quarter of the year. The company’s continued expansion will not only enable it to further increase its market share, but also to follow up on its new capacity.
In 2018, the company's semiconductor material business collected $1.01 billion, a 73% increase, mainly due to company day.
The 8".3 million units per month of productive capacity in the Zhin region have reached production in the last three quarters, the capacity is sufficiently digested, and the expansion of production capacity in the middle ring of the company’s affiliates will further enhance the competitiveness of the company on a scale. In addition, the 5 inch gpp expansion project will take a step forward in increasing market ownership.
The company is going to raise up to RMB5 billion to invest in the 8-12 inches semiconductor silicon project, and after the launch of this project, 8 inches of silicon production will be further increased and 12 inches of silicon will be produced. In 2019, 8,750,000 silicon per month will be released gradually, and future performance will be driven by a two-wheel drive.
In 2018, the company invested 775 million yuan in R & D, an increase of 55.49 per cent, representing 5.64 per cent of operating income, an increase of 0.47 percentage points, and sustained R & D investment by the company will give the company further technological advantages in the future. As a result of photovoltaic silicon, 20.930 billion yuan and 28.43 billion yuan, the net return to the mother would be 1.250 billion yuan, 1.67 billion yuan and 2.24 billion yuan, respectively.
Risk of falling prices in the photovoltage chain; semiconductor silicon output releasing less risk than expected; future price of large silicon tablets; Institute sales team; Voice of Chow
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.