The company announced that in the first quarter of 2019, the company realized a revenue of $3.823 billion, an increase of 36.45 per cent, a net operating cash flow of $369 million, an increase of 40.53 per cent and a net profit of 188 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
50.15%; net profit from non-repatriation of 135 million yuan, an increase of 34.98% over the same period. The company had previously expected to realize a net return of 180 - 220 million yuan in the first quarter of 2019.
In addition, the company will, in due course, contribute to the five-phase project in Inner Mongolia to fill the high-quality capacity gap. It will continue to promote 5gw, which has the competitive advantage of global differentiation, effectively.
The company has now signed a cooperation agreement with the People's Government of Hu and Hut to create the “Central Ring Five 25gw Single Crystal Silicon Project” with an estimated investment of 9 billion yuan, and after the completion of the five projects, the company has the capacity to produce photovolatile silicon tablets, and we believe that there is a strong demand in overseas markets this year, and that orders for single crystallized silicon companies in February are saturated or even not available.
Part (i): Continue writing of a photovoltaic dream that is in the process of creating the price of a single crystal silicon in the middle ring, with future supply and demand expected to continue, with the price of the ring “chilling” 2018-11-30 in the previous period due to the 531 policy
The downside effect will gradually be eliminated, and single crystal silicon prices will return to a reasonable profit zone, excluding further price increases due to tight supply and demand of silicon in the second quarter. The company’s continued expansion of capacity will not only enable it to further increase market share (002129): non-public distribution assistance
At times, the low cost of following up on the new production capacity has made the company more profitable. The large silicon expansion was successfully implemented, and the semiconductor silicon performance began to be released, becoming another growth point for the company.
The company ' s 83 million inch/month production capacity, which was fully digested in the third quarter of last year, will be further upgraded by a pre-performance build-up, silicon tablets, the successive release of new production capacity in the tin-free region, and the expansion of 6 inches in the Tianjin region.
In addition, the 5 inch gpp expansion project will further increase market access. The total amount of money that companies are proposing to raise does not exceed 5 billion yuan yuan, investing in the 8-12 inch semiconductor silicon project, this release to help companies grow 2019-03-31.
After the launch of the project, the production of 8 inches of silicon will be further increased, and 12 inches of silicon will be produced. In 2019, no tin, 8.775 million silica per month, will be released gradually, and future performance will be driven by two wheels.
Risk of falling prices in the photovoltage industry chain; semiconductor silicon production that releases less risk than expected; future price of large silicon.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.