Performance is expected to improve consistently with the Māori rate of silicon tablets Summary of South-West Securities Research and Development Centre performance: the company achieved an operating income of $3.82 billion in q1 in 2019, an increase of 36.4 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother is 190 million yuan, an increase of 50.2 per cent in the same year, and the net gain to the non-mother is 130 million yuan, an increase of 35.0 per cent in the same year. The cash flow generated by the operation is 370 million yuan, an increase of 40.5 per cent in the same year.
As silicon prices continue to decline, companies raise the price of single crystal silicone against the market, 19q1 achieves around 18.0% of silicone, gradually restores profitability, and q2 companies continue to fall in solid silicone plus silicon material prices, and the q2 silicon is expected to improve.
• Corporate lean management continues to advance, with business cash flows continuing to brighten: the company’s 19-year q1III rate is 9.8 per cent, a decrease of 4 percentage points in the same year, a decline of 2.7 percentage points in the ring comparison, and three rates are significantly controlled under lean management.
The concentration of monocrystal silicon links continues to rise, and the future price is expected to rise: Lungi, the central ring and two monocrystals account for about 85 per cent of the production of monocrystal silicons from 56.5 per cent in 15 years to about 85 per cent in 18 years.
By the end of 18th year, the Central Ring had produced 25gw single crystal silicon, and in the near future the company announced plans to build 25gw single crystal silicon production capacity, which will reach 50gw when the project is completed. Domestic demand is low in the first quarter of this year, and single silicon is a rare price increase in the industrial chain.
Deep-farming semiconductor has been waiting for decades to be released from the project. The company has been farming semiconductor for decades. By the end of 2018, semiconductor silicon production had been 8 inches and 3 inches per month, 12 inches by 20,000 inches per month.
The semiconductor silicon industry has a large space, its capacity is currently relatively scarce, and the rate of national production is very low, which, with the release of the project, will help to further expand the company's competition in the semiconductor silicon field.
A company with 24 x, 18 x and 14 x, the first-ever coverage of a single crystalline silicon silicon chain, with a company performance status: with the exception of 12 years of Euro-American opposition to the whole photovoltaic plate, the company ' s operating income has remained largely at a steady growth rate of more than 25 per cent per year. q1 achieved operating income of $3.82 billion in 19 years, an increase of 36.4 per cent.
Product prices have fallen sharply, Māori rates have eroded and performance has declined. q1 has returned to positive growth in 19 years, with a net profit of $130 million, compared with a 35.0 per cent increase. Corporate Māori rates have steadily increased, and there is scope for a sharp decline in three rates under lean management: the company Māori rate has stunned for 12 years now.
In 18 years, influenced by the New Deal of 531, the Māori rate fell by 2.5 to 17.4 per cent in the same year, and the production of silicon material was high in 19 years, leading to a sharp fall in silicon prices, an effective fall in the cost of silicon silicon, a steady rise in the price of silicon, a repair of the Māori rate of the company, a 15.9 per cent increase in the overall Māori ratio in 19 q1 over 2.2 percentage points.
Assumption 1: the company ' s photovolatile silicone production capacity continues to increase, with production capacity expected to reach 30 gw, 38gw, 45gw and above 90% by the end of 19-21. Assumption 2: the capacity of the company ' s semiconductor silicone production continues to increase, and at the end of 18 years it has grown to 8.3 million pieces per month, 12 inches.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.