Yunnan White (000538.sz)
In terms of Māori, the company ' s Māori rate declined slightly in 2016, while in terms of Māori, the company ' s Māori rate fell slightly in 2016, while in terms of industry, the Māori rate for industrial products reached 62.10 per cent (+1.27 ptt) in 2016, while the pharmaceutical business
In terms of the cost rate, the cost of company sales, management of the industrial plate was slightly reduced in 2016 by the Department of Pharmaceuticals, while the Ministry of Chinese Medicines became a highlight: in 2016, the industrial block experienced a 1.09% decline in business year-on-year, with a small decline, mainly influenced by the Department of Pharmaceuticals.
In order to address the problem of capacity bottlenecks, the company recently announced that it would invest 978 million yuan (all of which are RMB) in the construction of the Yunnan Pharmacy Health Industry Project (phase I).
In 2016, the price rose by 37%, which boosted the growth of the company’s medium-sized pharmaceutical resources department. The two-vote system accelerated the integration of the pharmaceutical circulation industry, further strengthening the company’s regional flagship: the pharmaceutical business block, the public.
The Division achieved business income of 13.489 billion yuan, an increase of 9.94% over the same period. This is mainly due to the country’s increased double-counting drive, the continued acceleration of industrial integration in the field of medicine circulation, and the growing visibility of the future national and regional flagships.
Yunnan White: Reversely promoting market-based reforms, extending and extending to the 14th highest number of 100 companies, benefiting first from the landing of a two-vote system. At the same time, companies are actively adapting to changes in business models, not only through online marketing, but also around new requirements for the commercial flow of pharmaceutical products such as the "two-vote system."
At the same time, changes in the leadership of the controlling shareholders were determined, and Wang Qinghua was elected Chairman and Wang Minghui was appointed Director General. As a result of this mix, the White Drug Control Unit introduced the private capital, moving from a single State-owned sole-owned enterprise to a mixed establishment.
Producing enterprises, market-based reforms are to be expected. In the future, it is expected that a modern business system will be put in place that gives board and management greater authority, avoids major layers of decision-making under the previous system, and improves the efficiency of decision-making.
With a strong promise to explore the possibilities of laying out in new and emerging areas of health, such as precision medicine, genetic testing, and to accelerate the construction of a large health industry platform based on “pharmaceuticals”, health care, old-age support, medical services, etc., companies are expected to gradually shift from industry to service through extended acquisitions.
Realising a net profit return to the mother, 2.92 billion yuan, an increase of 5.38 per cent, and eps, an increase of 2.80 dollars. At the same time, the company released a profit distribution plan, with good cost control for the first period, and a low Māori ratio for pharmaceutical businesses compared to an increase in Māori. The company achieved business income of $22.411 billion for the whole year 2016, an increase of 8.06 per cent, and a net profit return to the mother, 2.92 billion dollars.
Figure 3: Quarterly income from corporate operations (in millions of yuan, per cent) By industry, wholesale and retail sales achieved business income of $13.276 billion in 2016, an increase of 15.17 per cent over the same period, a sharp increase in revenue from Bida and a slight decline in industrial products.
Figure 5: Industry breakdown of company operating income in previous years (in millions of yuan, %) Figure 6: Industry breakdown of company operating income in 2016 (in %), in terms of the company ' s four major departments, the provincial pharmaceutical companies, the pharmaceutical industry, the health product industry and the Chinese pharmaceutical resources industry, 2016
Annual operating income of $13.489 billion (+9.94 per cent), $4.918 billion (-3.50 per cent) and $3.757 billion (+11.99 per cent) was realized as a result of a gradual increase in the share of pharmaceutical businesses with a low Māori rate. By industry, the Māori ratio of industrial products of companies reached 62.10 per cent in 2016, figure 8: The Māori ratio of companies in previous years (in %)
Figure 9: The company ' s gross profit and net interest rate (in %) for the period of its calendar year saw a significant increase in the company ' s costs of sales, administration and finance in 2016 (+4.83 per cent) of $2.840 billion, respectively, mainly due to increased discounting of current-period receivables, resulting in increased interest on additional corporate debt.
In 2016, the cost of company sales, management and finance rates were 12.67% (-0.40 ptt), 2.16%, and the industrial sector suffered a slight decline in the impact of the Department of Medicines, which in 2016 saw a 1.09% decline in the business of the industrial sector.
The Ministry of Medicine and Industry has achieved $4,918 million in revenues, a decrease of 3.50 per cent, and we expect to have to do with the stocking of products. The Ministry of Health has achieved $3,757 million, an increase of 11.99 per cent. Oral care, such as Yunnan white toothpaste products, is the second largest market share of the national market for toothpaste, with sales accounting for 16.49 per cent of the national market for toothpaste, and is ranked second in the national brand for the same product.
In order to address the production bottlenecks, the company recently announced that it would invest $978 million in the Yunnan Pharmacy Health Industry Project (phase I), covering a total of 75,000 square metres, to expand the capacity of the toothpaste industry. At the same time, in the context of the country’s supply-side reform and the upgrading of consumption, the company is actively exploring ways of expanding the capacity of the toothpaste industry.
In the area of human care, sales in 2016, such as the youth-raising and hair-washing series and the collection of masked products, have continued to grow, and the construction of health products has begun. In the case of the Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources, the company managed to collect $944 million, an increase of 44.91 per cent over the same period, making it a company ' s performance in 2016.
Three, the two-vote system has accelerated the integration of the pharmaceutical industry, further strengthening the corporate region’s leading pharmaceutical business section, and the company’s operating income of $13.489 billion, an increase of 9.94% over the same period.
Propaganda, which has been advanced, the integration of the pharmaceutical sector has continued to accelerate, and the pattern of future national and regional leaders is becoming increasingly apparent. Yunnan Medicine Co. Ltd. is the largest pharmaceutical-flowing company in Yunnan province, ranked 14th among the 100 largest companies in the country, benefiting first from the two-vote system.
We demand that the change in business model be actively adapted to not only the online marketing of medicines, but also to the new model of drug-hosting, and we recognize that Xinhua has acquired 50% of the Xinhua drug-control stock through a replenishment of the Xinhua Drug Control Unit, and that, after the mix, Yunnan State Finance Committee and Xinhua hold 50% of the Xinhua Drug Control Unit respectively.
Changes in shareholders’ leadership have been determined, and Wang Qinghua is elected Chairman, and Wang Minghui is appointed Managing Director. With this mix-up, the White Drug Control Unit has introduced private capital, moving from a single state-owned monopoly to a mixed ownership enterprise, and market-based reforms are to be expected.
At the same time, with the mix-up, drug holdings are well funded, companies are expected to expand and buy, and it is hoped to explore the possibility of laying out new areas of healthy business, such as precision medicine, genetic testing, and, more quickly, a large health industry platform based on “pharmaceuticals”, health care, old-age support, medical services, etc.
Overstretched acquisitions are gradually shifting from industry to service, with mixed results below expectations, new product expansion below expectations, and extended M & As below expectations.