Head of the National Special Defense Connector, 14th and 5th, continuing on May 06, 2022.
Research assistant Xu Sheng  the military connector leader: the company occupies the main market for military connections in the country. The data show that in 2018, the company produced more than 80 per cent of the air market, the ship market more than 50 per cent, and space and space.
There are also important applications in the field of weapons and informationization, and the rapid growth in the future is based on four main logics: 1) There is currently a large gap between the quantity and quality of our military aircraft and the United States.
The company, which is based on the Aviation Industry Group, has a more comprehensive domestic connectivity industry system that is technically adequate and can respond quickly to new market demands, and has launched a new Luoyang Basic Devices Industrial Park project.
The company’s capacity will be released gradually; 4) the technical and qualification thresholds of the military connectors are a segmented area with few participants to maintain a high Māori rate. The continuous release of new energy vehicles and the long-term benefits of high-pressure connectors: the new energy car plates are already policy-oriented
The country’s new energy auto industry has a dominant global position, and it is expected to gradually drive the replacement of the car connector. The high-voltage connectors are connected to the new energy car charge, battery boxes, three power systems, and vehicle equipment.
Given that the volume and unit prices are much higher than the traditional car connections, the high-pressure connectors are expected to follow the new energy vehicles to achieve greater release and further increase the company’s performance.  Communications operations are expected to benefit fully from the dividends released by the industry’s needs. 5g is driven by data centre construction.
Communications connector demand: The process of transition from 4g to 5g will provide a broad incremental market for base stations, and the policy of “new infrastructure”, “East and West” proposed by the modern society in response to the growing demand for numeracy, and the State will contribute to the dynamic development of data centres, with companies actively promoting the structure of communications operations and customer structures.
Adjustments, client optimization, which basically covers the world ' s leading 5g equipment plant, while national succession and breakthroughs in the international market are expected to result in continued growth of corporate communications connector orders and excess returns on dividends to be released by the industry.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Māori rates are expected to decline, based on the high profile of the military industry during the 1455s, and taking into account the leading position of the company ' s hydrator market and the rapid development of business such as communications, new energy vehicles, etc.; 3) new energy automobile sales are not as high as expected.
1. The market for military connectors is vast, the listed companies stand side by side in the 1.1. Connector track is of high quality, the domestic and foreign markets are large in size, 1.1.1. Connectors are used as basic components, and demand cuts across multiple fields.
A connector is a functional element that controls electrical circuits, light-channel connections, disconnects or converts with the effect of optical telecommunications and mechanical forces, and is one of the basic components necessary for the electrical connection of the entire electrical system. According to working principles, it is divided into, inter alia, electrical connectors for the transmission of currents, high-speed data connectors for the transmission of data exchange signals, and transmission light exchange signals.
Figure 1: Connector application area classification 1.1.2. Downstream industrial chain-led, with a significant increase in the market size of the connector
The market for global connectors has grown steadily in recent years, downstream industries have continued to improve, and the industry has continued to improve. The regional distribution of global connectors markets is clearly concentrated, mainly in China, Europe, North America, and Japan.
Figure 2: Comparison of the domestic and foreign market size of the connector industry, in terms of the geographical pattern of industry development, the giant American manufacturers, represented by Teco, Mossi, and Anfino, have an absolute advantage in the competition. Our connector industry has started late, lacks autonomous R & D, and has an inadequate market share at the top.
As the electronic manufacturing industry moves toward the country, and domestic firms continue to invest in large-scale R & D, the national production connectors are expected to catch up in the larger context of national production substitution. The domestic connector industry represents companies with sophisticated telecommunications, Fuscon, China Light, etc., and the military has a dual monopoly on PV and space appliances.
The connector is located upstream in the industrial chain, with higher barriers to industry. The connector is located in the upper-middle direction of the entire electronic component, with downstream applications in both military and civilian directions, covering most areas of the electronics industry.
The military fields include aviation, space, ships, weapons, information, etc., and the civil sector covers the fields of communications, automobiles, transport, consumer electronics, medical care, etc. The customisation of connector products is clear, the firm is deeply bound to its visitors, and higher market and technical barriers lead to higher levels of Maori.
1.3. After more than 50 years, the former state-owned small-scale factory became the military-industrial giant 1.3.1. The country ' s top connector supplier, with a growing scope of operations
The company is the leading supplier of connectors in the country and specializes in the development, production, sale and servicing of dual-use light, electricity, fluid connectors, and provides system-connected technology solutions. The main products are electrical connectors, optical devices, and PVs and medical teeth. The share of electrical connectors is maintained at over 70%, while other operations are expanding.
The company, formerly the Huakawa Electrical Plant, code No. 158, which was built in 1970, is mainly a production air connection. The company moved to Luoyang in 1992, was listed in late 2007, and after many mergers and acquisitions, it has now become a leading company in the field of military-industrial connectors.
According to data, in the world market for military connectors in 2014, companies accounted for 4 per cent of the world ' s market share, ranking 5th in the world, and were the only top-ranked company in China; in 2015, companies rose to second place and market share widened further.
In addition, the company’s controlling shareholders are the China-China Industrial Group, with stable equity structures. There are seven subsidiaries with more than 50% of China-China PV-related holdings, whose operations are organized around interconnected equipment, constantly seeking to expand their business areas.
1.4. Marketized management is in the forefront of the industry.
The two phases of equity incentives were introduced in 2017 and 2019, respectively, compared with the first one, with a larger share of the second one and a wider distribution of people. The two periods of equity incentives fully mobilized senior managers and other employees of the Department to protect the company’s long-term development.
1.5. The company ' s performance has continued to grow at a high rate, with a significant “magnitude” character. The net profit rate has remained at about 20 per cent, with a compound rate of up to 23.1 per cent affected by the epidemic in 2020, with a slight decline in the rate of recovery, the effective recovery of the company in 2021, and financial indicators gradually back on track.
According to the Circular on the Management of the Safe Production Costs of Issued Enterprises, an increase in the company’s military-specific reserve fees can be used to extrapolate the total military revenues from the previous year. From 2014 to 2019, China doubled its revenues from PV and was an excellent company.
Since 2014, there has been an increase in the share of two companies, China Light Power and Space Electric, and, according to company annual reports and industrial information network data, by 2019, the share of the two companies in military goods had reached 44% and 20%, respectively, and the market had a double monopoly.
Companies continue to invest in high levels of R & D and other costs remain low. In recent years, firms have significantly increased their investment in core technologies, expanding on other areas of innovation based on traditional electrical connections, with R & D costs remaining at around 10%, at the forefront of the industry, with costs stabilized at lower levels over time, and cost management capabilities excellent.
2. The military-industrial industry continues to be characterized by a high and large market for military connectors, which is driven by a steady and steady increase in military spending, which has led to an upturn in the performance of military-related operations. In 2022, the military-related budget grew by 7.1 per cent to 1.45 trillion yuan, reversing the growth rate.
A slow trend. Under the direction of the nineteenth Congress, which proposed “basic modernization of defence and the army by 2035”, our defence spending rose steadily during the 13th and 13th century, with an annual compound growth rate of 7.8%; it was driven by the goal of 100 years of military build-up — “Commonwealth of Rich and Strong Forces” — our defence spending increased by 42% in 2021 over the same period of the 13th and will remain high for the long term.
Irrigation, combined with the exacerbation of world conflicts in the post-epidemiological era, the tightening of the international situation, and the emergence of a global arms race, has also prompted our military to remain “war-ready” at all times, and the need for military training and replenishment of stockpiles has been sustained. Domestic demand and external stimulus will keep our defence spending rising, and our share in the national economy will continue to rise.
The share of equipment purchases in military spending has been rising. In recent years, the focus on equipment research and development has been increasing, and since the second half of the year, the mainframe has received large incremental orders, advances and contractual liabilities have all risen significantly, and the increased downstream demand will gradually spread upstream, stimulating the demand for spare parts such as upstream connectors.
2.2. High single capacity & the continued use of downstream hosts are the main drivers of performance The market for military connectors has been growing at a high rate for the long term. According to data from the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the size of our military connector city grew from RMB 4.02 billion in 2010 to RMB 12.44 billion in 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 12.0 per cent at the same time.
The combined annual growth rate of the overall market for our connectors was only 10.6%. The military connectors benefited from the country’s defence-building process.
Three generations of Chinese 620, United States 1964, and a large number of second-generation aircraft, with a marked difference in equipment, will require a significant increase in production for the downstream mainframe during the “14-5” period; in the context of a substantial increase in military missile consumption, some front-line units rose by 170 per cent in comparison to the same period, while the military presence was strong.
In 2021, the total tonnage of the Chinese Navy was increased by 170,000 tons, and one new strategic nuclear submarine, 094a, two 075 amphibious attack ships, three 055 tons, seven 052d missile destroyers, six 056a corvettes, six 082ii hunting vessels, one cable-laying vessel and three 927 surveillance vessels.
The use of connectors in weapons equipment is very important, as they make up the most commonly used electronic components of weapons systems, such as aircraft, missiles, ships, etc. Connectors and their attached cable beams in modern aircraft are often proportional to the size of the aircraft. As the level of informatization deepens, the amount of data processed and transmitted by military/cosmos equipment is increasing, with high-speed (electric) connections.
The need for light connectors will become more urgent. Figure 14: Number and type of major submarines in the country in 2021. Figure 15: Large difference in the quantity and quality of United States aircraft in mid-2021
Corporate products dominate in the military-industrial field and have an absolute advantage in the aviation sector. Their products were used in 2018 in aircraft types such as large aircraft, helicopters, fighter aircraft, and early warning aircraft, and they accounted for more than 80 per cent of the market share of the air-related connectivity market: they were also in the lead in the shipping sector and their product market was over 50 per cent.
Inclined towards the air force and the navy, the company benefits significantly from the demand side. 2.3. Military connection upgrades to PV are a future trend. 2.3.1. High entry threshold for electrical connectors, with few participants in the area of breakdown
Military connectors generally refer to electrical connectors, which require resistance to harsh environments such as battlefields, test sites, partial production works, which generally operate at temperatures of -55-125°C, with certain products of up to -65-200°C, and require anti-corrosion, damp, high acceleration, shock and vibration, high low temperature, low pressure, antibacterial features.
This requires the selection of suitable materials, the design of solid structures, rigorous construction of public margins, high-level experiments leading to plating of gold. The military electrical connectors are therefore characterized by high entry thresholds, speciality and reliability, as well as high industry barriers, due to the fact that the client, mainly the military, also needs to be institutionalized, scientific production permits and confidentiality qualifications, and build up deep industry barriers.
The main players in the country are China Photovoltaics, Space Electrics, Young-Gyu Electrics, Hangzhou Space Electrics, Chengzhou Space Electronics, Sichuan Wafeng, Shaan Si-Walda, etc.
The light connector is a repeatable non-sourcer that connects two fibre-optics or fibre-optic cables to the formation of continuous optical circuits, primarily for fibre-optic transmission lines, racks and test instruments, tables, and is the largest number of light-sourceless devices used. The medium fixed connector is used for permanent fibre-optic relays, and the mobile connector is used for fibre-optic activity relays.
From the Russian-Turkish conflict of 2022, it became clear that “electronic warfare”, “information war”, and “network-centric warfare” would continue throughout the war, and that their realization would be based on rapid computers, networks, and communications, and the speed of transmission of the connectors would gradually increase. The gap between our military and the United States military in information-building was clear, and the United States army had undergone a complete mechanization process after the end of the Vietnam war.
In the early 1990s, the construction of a computerized system was carried out, with the first use of c4isr in the Gulf War, followed by the full use of c4isr in the war in Kosovo, Iraq, and Afghanistan, with good operational effects. Our army started later on in c4isr, and in 2020 the Ministry of Defense announced that it would be largely mechanized, and that it was proposed in the centenary goal of building the army to speed up the mechanics.
In recent years, in the process of mechanizing the transition to information, our military information has grown, the volume of data processed and transmitted by military/space equipment has increased, and the high-speed electrical connectors have gradually risen from below 2.5gb/s to 25gb/s.
When transmission exceeds 10 gb/s, the development of high-speed electrical connectors is limited by inherent defects in the copper-based system, the advantage of fibre optics is beginning to prevail, modern aviation, space and light-quantified equipment are more demanding, light connectors will develop significantly.
The demand for car connectors is growing rapidly, and the company’s products are very diverse. Since 2007, China’s PV has been ploughing new energy source car connectors, creating a leading competitive and market position, and its products consist mainly of high-voltage wire beams, high-voltage connectors and high-voltage equipment with signal connectors, and equipment such as charge guns, chargers, charge boards, charge posts, etc.
Specialized, high-pressure interconnectivity solutions are available for new energy vehicles. China has now become the world’s largest new energy source, the automobile market, which has been growing at a high rate for most of the last decade. In 2021, 35.45 million vehicles and 3,521,000 vehicles, respectively, were sold for new energy, a 1.6-fold increase over the same period.
The Federation expects to sell 6 million new energy vehicles in 2022, new energy car connections are growing rapidly, and national policies are an important driving force, according to Bishop&associates, which in 2019 accounted for the global connection market.
22%, the largest end-use application area. IR data estimate that the country’s car connection market is almost flat. Only 280 million dollars in size grew to $4.78 billion in 2020, a 17-fold increase over six years, with a 60.5% compound growth rate. Connectors are indispensable components of cars and are more important in new energy vehicles, and will benefit from deep steam.
The trend towards motorization of vehicles is expected to grow to the market size of the traditional car interfaces. The connectors in the new energy vehicles are mainly charged equipment and battery packages, battery packages to car control boxes, control boxes to vehicle-borne equipment such as air conditioning, dc, voltage, batteries, electric machines, and transmission of currents and signals between vehicle-borne equipment, and the importance of switching.
function. So a new energy vehicle needs higher currents and voltage, e.g. in high voltage big currents, its temperature cannot rise above the rated values, it has to deal with accelerated aging and corrosive failures at high temperatures, and the connector is sensitive to corrosion, vibrations, high-intensity vibrations, high temperatures, water fog and dust during vehicle operations.
In view of the need for high stability, multiple locking structures, etc., and the need to make improvements such as miniaturization, greening, etc., taking into account the space structure of the vehicle, challenges companies’ research and development capabilities. In the broader context of the country’s strong support for new energy vehicles, there is also a higher demand for the corresponding car connectors.
3.2. Foreign manufacturers have a pre-emptive advantage, and national alternatives are huge. In the area of traditional automobiles, the domestic market for car connectors is dominated by foreign giants.
The difficulty of entering at a higher threshold, the relatively closed supply chain system of automobile companies, and the long time it takes to communicate with the entire company, and to collide with it, is due mainly to the importance that the traditional foreign connector giants attach to the car connection, and to the use of such tools as standard-setting, continuous research and development, and active manufacturing in China, all of which have invested considerable resources to consolidate themselves.
Lead the way, and at the same time broaden the scope of its business by providing a wide range of high-quality services, including solution products, performance tests, quantitative controls, and precision supply, and deep binding of the entire company. Domestic firms are more involved in the development of new energy vehicles in the country, according to China 2021.
The Car Market Insight Report states that the share of the country’s conventionally autonomous car industry in new vehicles is 62%, the share of the country’s new car-making power, represented by a small peng and ideal, is 13%, and that some of the traditional car companies have a tight working relationship with the new power. The new energy automobile chain is more efficient and more up-to-date, with expectations for the traditional car parts supply system.
As the demand for new energy cars erupts, so will the demand for high-pressure connectors. Compared to traditional cars, new energy is available.
Source cars add zero components to the “three power” system (cells, machines, electrical controls), three power is also the core component of the new energy vehicle-driven and controlled system, and three power interconnections require a large number of high-voltage connectors. Our tri-power and power cell companies occupy a prominent place in the world, and the components in question are important for national production replacements and even for the development of our high-voltage connectors.
The cost of high voltage connectors is also higher, as new energy vehicles are more demanding in terms of power-drive units, the number of electrical devices, and also in terms of shielding electronic devices, the need for flame retardation, and the need for equivalent performance indicators.
The value of the new power-car-car high-pressure connector is about $3,000 to $5,000, and commercial vehicles reach $80,000 to $100,000. Traditional fuel trucks use low-pressure connectors at a cost of only $1,000, so the upgrade of the low-pressure connector to the high-pressure connector and the significant increase in the number of connectors will cut through the new energy vehicle penetration rate and gradually take over.
The entire process of replacing the fuel truck creates a vast incremental market for high-voltage connectors. For 15 years, the PV-deeper vehicle connector provides a whole-of-car solution, which covers basically all the scenes used from charge to inside-of-the-car, and the more comprehensive product spectrometry will be the company’s main advantage.
3.3. Much progress has been made in overseas operations, the market space has opened up, companies are expanding their markets abroad, and international business revenues have become an important part of the company. In recent years, corporate income from abroad has grown rapidly, and the size of the collections has increased from 31.7 million yuan in 2011 to 954 million yuan in 2021, which has been achieved
From 2011, participation in the German electric car exhibition, focusing on the latest products and solutions of the company, gradually grew into