(a) The mid- and long-range marine energy (600026) was evaluated in the third quarter of 2017; (b) the mid- and long-range marine energy was released in the third quarter of 2017 and the company earned $7.28 billion in business income in January-September 2017, a 32.8 per cent decrease in the same period, attributable to the public market.
The net profit of the company is 125 million dollars, corresponding to eps of 0.31, a 43.8 per cent decrease in the same year. The net profit of the listed company is $111 million, an increase in the same year. (2) The total amount of funds raised by the China-Sea Energy Programme for the closed distribution of a share is $5.4 billion, the number of shares to be issued in this closed share is not more than 20 per cent of the total stock of the company prior to the current issue, and the Group of China-Africa Shipping has committed itself to a cash offer to purchase the company's shares for the current undisclosed share.
The total amount of funds does not exceed $4.2 billion. The net amount of funds raised, after deducting the distribution costs, will be used for the following projects: (1) purchase of 14 new tankers: (2) purchase of 2 Panama-type tankers (72,000 tons of class).
The most important factor in the rate of return is asset prices. The current price of new ships in Vlcc is about 80% in 2014 and 52% in 2008.
Eastern sources of wealth and wisdom have been hit by new ship deliveries, resulting in a three-quarter loss for a foreign-trade tanker. Although the company still has a portion of Vlcc in a lease and coa contract, the international Vlcc averaged only $10,000 per day, lower than the cash cost of vlcc, and the company ' s oil plate lost three-quarter losses.
Central delivery effects, vlcc is still in the down-cycle, new ship delivery pressure is expected to subside in 2018, with a steady increase from ng in 18 years, and profit contributions are expected to rise from year to year. Corporate profits from lang operations are tied to the project, and recently through the acquisition of the Japanese merchant ship, \triangleright \triangleright
In the form of a 50% share of four conventional lang single-ship companies, the lang fleet will be further expanded by co-investing with mol four conventional lang ships on the yamallng project. It is expected that, with the full delivery of the lang fleet in 2020, the company will contribute $760 million annually in profits and provide a steady security cushion for performance.
Intra-oil operations are relatively stable, independent of fluctuations in the international tanker market, fuel costs, fuel compensation mechanisms in the Intra-trade \triangleright lease, less affected by fluctuations in fuel prices, and are generally expected to contribute about 550 million dollars per year.
Figure 1: Supply and demand for crude oil vessels Figure 2: Recent trends in vlcc shipping prices
For the first time, it's covered, with a "recommended" rating.
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the Cheng Yug Liang Awards. The top 10 prizes (eighth place) for research in the industry of the 2012 China Securities Industry Awards were presented by Yang Yang.
London City University, Cas Business School, Master of Shipping Trade and Finance, four years of experience in shipping market research, worked in Clarkson in 2012-2016, analysing my own research views. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies