Shanghai Airport: Business rental revenue has increased significantly, and there is a steady increase in the number of landings and international hub positions in view of the growth of non-aerial operations.
In 2017, Pudong Airport achieved a total of 496,000 aircraft landings and landings, representing an increase of 3.52 per cent over the same period; passengers, 70.12 million times, an increase of 6.06 per cent over the same period, ranked ninth globally for the second year in a row; and mail, 3,8243 million tons, an increase of 11.16 per cent over the same period, ranked third in a decade.
During the year, Pudong Airport opened four new international long-range routes, bringing the total to 243 points, including 129 international and regional and 114 domestic; this is reflected in the number of aircraft landings and landings.
International flights increased by 5.53 per cent; passengers amounted to 28,437.5 million, an increase of 5.29 per cent over the same period. The continued expansion of international routes will further boost the growth of tax-free sales revenues.
14.81pt. Business lease revenue continues to be managed, optimized and adjusted for commercial retail brands. Business rentals will expire at the end of March 2018 at the T2 airport: it is expected that the new Shanghai Airport (60009) will be promoted.
With more than 40%, it will provide a strong boost to the growth of non-aerial business revenues.
In January and January 2018, the company revealed that passengers were up at more than 3%, and we predicted that there would be a significant drop in passenger traffic throughout the year: tax-free bidding was not as fast as expected. Wang Fenghua, a graduate student at the Chinese People’s University, is currently president of the Associated Securities Institute.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.