There was a high demand for travel and a higher-than-expected increase in passenger throughput The company's basic situation (RMB) increased by 8.8 per cent in the same year, and mail through was 3,391 million tons, an increase of 3.2 per cent in the same year.
The downfalls remained low and the passenger traffic picked up slightly faster than expected: Pudong Airport had been penalized with a rate of precision, with aircraft landings having been lower throughout the year, with a 3.5 per cent increase compared to the previous year, while at the same time containing an increase in passenger traffic, which grew 6.1 per cent in 2017 compared to the 17/18 winter season.
In November and December, respectively, passenger throughput increased by 9.4% and 8.8%, and the difference in speed with landings increased to 4.6 pct and 4.9 pct. We believe that, first, the demand for passengers at Pudong airport is very high, while the bottlenecks at the first airport are very tight.
Weight, the airline is more ventilating, the first-line airport wide-body flights are more than 17/18 winter spring seasons 1. Business growth logic is low - Shanghai has been rising from 7.5 per cent to 9.1 per cent; other routes need to warm up, and the passenger rate has risen significantly, so the brigade has gone.
The increase in passenger throughput has been accelerated to mitigate the negative impact of time constraints on the company ' s air operations revenue.
Anticipated growth - Shanghai Airport Company Review, rapid fragmentation. Since the 17/18 winter spring season, Shanghai Airport ' s international routes have grown significantly more than the country ' s 3.
Internal and international landings increased by 1.9 per cent in December and 7.0 per cent in December, respectively, and passengers absorbed the same amount of time, mostly domestic, and international flights could still be scheduled to a less busy time. In addition, 4. The airport tap is included in the msci index and continues to be recommended.
In order to increase the attractiveness of our civil aviation industry and strengthen the international hub, increasing the number of international flights is the current preferred option. High charges for international lines and high passenger consumption will benefit the airport’s profitability.
Low-speed traffic does not affect business growth logic: the current rate of increase is low, but it can be covered by non-air revenue in the eruption phase. Companies manage commercial retail branding of air terminals, optimize their premises, promote high growth in business rental revenues in 2017, and end their tax-exempt agreements in March of this year, with companies expected to move forward.
A new round of tax-free bidding is expected to rise to about 45% at Pudong Airport, where the net profits of the company are expected to increase by 20%, and where non-air revenue will support the company’s continued steady growth. Shanghai Airport is the lead airport, with high international lines, better passengers, and sustained business-led performance.
Su Bo-hung is over-expected growth. As the tax-free bidding process has not yet started, no new tax-exempt agreement increases will be considered for the time being.
The adverse weather conditions, disease outbreaks and other factors have led to a marked decline in traffic; the failure of the tax-free shop to bid will result in low corporate non-aerial revenue and market valuation of the hub airport.
Figure 3: Shanghai airport post-to-mail throughput Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market and then averaged the final rating as average market investment