On 26 February, the Chinese brigade issued an announcement exempting fully-owned companies from 51 per cent of their shares in the tax-free market (Shanghai) on the day of the purchase of 1,505 million yuan.
The National Brigade will buy Shanghai, Japan, or will speed up the signing of a new tax-free agreement at Shanghai Airport: after the Chinese company acquires Shanghai, China will acquire the right to operate the four main airports in the three main cities of the country (Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou) (Beijing Capital, Shanghai Pudong, Shanghai Rainbow Bridge, Guangzhou White Cloud).
For Shanghai airport, with good prospects for the development of the tax-free industry, the completion of the acquisition will help it to fully exploit the hub and the high international passenger advantage, raising tax-free and non-air income levels. In addition, Shanghai airport was tax-free.
1. A significant increase in the rate of deductions is expected to provide a new increase in the performance of Shanghai Airport as a result of the rapid increase in non-air revenue and the increase in investment returns, which will expire at the end of March, and the acquisition of land or the acceleration of the signing of a new tax-exempt agreement.
The high demand for travel, the higher-than-expected increase in passenger traffic, the rapid growth of tax-free operations and the increased performance of the new agreement: $6.34 billion in operating income on the third quarter of the first quarter of 2017 in Shanghai (principal camp, Hai Pudong, Rainbow Bridge Airport), taking into account the low-season tax-free camp q4
3. Business Growth Logic does not Fear Low Flows - Shanghai Aircraft Billion. In 2017, international passengers at Pudong Airport reached 37.94 million, while Rainbow Bridge Airport State 4.
The expected growth - Shanghai Airport Company Review, billions of dollars. Six months of benefits from the new tax-free agreement in 2018, compared to the price of the tendered airport, if the rate of deductions is higher, the non-flight value of the hub airport is high.
Upgraded to 40 per cent would increase net profits by about 480 million yuan, corresponding to 13 per cent net profit elasticity in 2017. Flow growth was limited, and business became the main driving force: Shanghai Airport was punished by a spot rate in 2017, with thousands of sorties (3.5 per cent yoy). Commercial leasing became the main driver of performance growth, with companies operating in 2017.
The air terminal’s commercial retail brand management and site optimization have been accompanied by an upgrading of residential consumption, an increase in the commercial value of the hub, a higher share of corporate international lines, a stronger appetite for passenger consumption, a build-up of new tax-exempt agreements, and a continued focus on non-aerial operations in 2018.
The Shanghai airport is the hub for nearly 50 per cent of international and regional lines and higher quality passengers, and business is expected to lead to long-term high performance growth, with new tax-exempt agreements in 2018 contributing to higher performance expectations.
Figure 1: Sensitivity of the new tax-exempt agreement at Shanghai Airport
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment