Aerial revenue grew rapidly, investment returns increased rapidly, companies issued a fast performance report of $8.06 billion in 2017, an increase of 15.9 per cent; net profit returns from maternity were limited, and the income from one season was accelerated: the target rate for 2017 and the population for four quarters was fined.
Ten thousand sorties (3.5 per cent yoy); company throughput steadily increased 70 million passengers (6.1 per cent yoy) in the context of increased air passenger occupancy and a large exchange of air traffic. q4 shows that domestic traffic is increasing at a low rate and the international line is accelerating, with an overall increase of 4.2 per cent (1.9 per cent/international).
1. " The high demand for travel and the higher-than-expected increase in passenger traffic " Commercial eruptions were the main driving force behind high-performance growth: non-aerial operations were the main cause of high-performance growth. Corporate management of commercial retail branding of air terminals, site optimization and accompanying accommodation in 2017
3. " Strong Aerial Investment Gains, q3 Performance Overseeing Growth - Shanghai Airport Company Review " , Increased People ' s Consumption, Increased Commercial Value of Hub Airports, Higher International Lines, Greater Will of Passengers to Consumption,
This led to a high growth in business rental revenues in 2017, while at the same time contributing to a steady increase in corporate profitability, 4. Business Breakout, with the non-flight value of the hub airport highlighted, reached 49.8% in 2017, an increase of 4.7 pct.
The airport comparison has been tendered, and the new agreement increases the rate of deductions determined, and is expected to contribute, based on the benefit for six months, to the airport taps, which are included in the msci index and are recommended on an ongoing basis, with an increase of about $500 million in performance, with the company ' s non-aeronautical operations remaining the main focus in 2018.
Investment gains are increasing. Debt ratios have declined significantly: in 2017, the investment firm ' s aviation oils and virtues performed well, and Shanghai airport recorded investment returns of $976 million, an increase of 33.8 per cent, which is another important reason for the high growth in performance. In 2017, companies paid $2.5 billion in long-term borrowing, debt, and debt.
Shanghai airport is the hub for nearly 50 per cent of international and regional lines, and passengers are of better quality. (8610) 66216815
Business is expected to lead to long-term high growth in performance, with a new tax-free agreement in 2018 contributing to higher performance levels. The expected decline in economic growth in the Yellow Sea: successive bad climates: tax-free bidding is lower than expected.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, after which the final rating is calculated on average and used as average market investment