The company issued its annual 2017 report, which generated an operating income of $8.06 billion, or 16.0 per cent; net profit from the mother
Aviation revenue is limited by low flow growth and high growth in commercial leasing compensating support: in 2017, the target rate was met, and in four quarters, the Civil Aviation Authority ' s new regulations controlled the total number of times, while the Shanghai airport was limited in its constant growth, with 497,000 aircraft flying throughout the year (3.5 per cent yoy); and 70 million passenger throughputs.
However, it has benefited from the increased willingness of travelling passengers to consume, as well as from the optimal management of commercial premises, commercial leases, 1. The new tax-exempt agreement in Shanghai, Japan, is expected to yield $2.99 billion, an increase of 42.8 per cent, making up for the low level of aviation revenue and making the camp as a whole.
2. Rapid Aerial Revenue Growth, Investment Gains Added Cost Controls and Investment Gains Added: Corporate Operating Costs of $4.05 billion in 2017, a mere 6.1% increase, and Māori Rate Increases 3.3pc. Companies use lower unit costs.
Outsourcing, with 8.46 million hours of outsourcing of services in 2017, an increase of 7.3 per cent, resulting in a 4.5 per cent increase in labour costs and a 16.4 per cent increase in operating costs, is an important reason for the high growth in corporate performance.
At the same time, De Gaulle advertising is actively expanding its coverage and is expected to enter a period of high growth.
With traffic waiting to warm back, business will remain the main focus: the Civil Aviation Authority will continue its control period in 2018, with traffic growth continuing to be limited, with landing and landing missions projected to increase by only 3% at the same time, and with the construction of a satellite hall in the second half of 2019 or when new opportunities become available, the rate of increase in traffic will have to wait. Commercial leasing will be the main factor in the growth in performance.
Motivation, accompanying upscaling of residential consumption, higher international access to the hub airport, greater willingness of passengers to consume, and nearing the expiration of the corporate tax-exempt agreement, if the new agreement is raised to 40 per cent, according to the benefit for six months.
The Shanghai airport is the hub for close to 50 per cent of international and regional lines, with passengers of better quality; (8610) 66216815 is expected to lead to long-term high growth in business performance, and the new duty-free agreement of 2018 will contribute to an increase in performance.
And with steady endogenous growth, expansion of productive capacity, reduced capital spending, sufficient cash, significant security margins, downside economic growth in the Yellow Sea, successive bad climates, and lower-than-expected tax-free bidding.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment