+8.72% net annual return of profit + 4% interest rate meets expectations Events: Qingdao Port (601298.sh) released its annual report for 2023, resulting in revenues of $18,173 million Liu Xian Energy Industry Research Assistant
\triangleright has achieved, in the fourth quarter, respectively, 688, 764, 782, 7.68 million standard containers for container throughput, the expansion of the same line, the advance of the sea-rail connection, etc.
Airline expansion: 20 additional container routes, total number and density of routes in the north of China, top of ports, with an increase of 14 per cent in the number of international transit boxes.
2.2 million TEUs, an increase of 16 per cent over the same period. Dry bulk: positive outreach + deeper cost control, segment performance of $671 million, high increase, active outreach to new customers, including in-land access, and delivery of dry bulk toll of 244 million tons, a comparison
At the same time, the joint venture optimized the operating process, lowered the financing costs and realized the investment Liquid bulk: the expansion of the commercial reservoir of crude oil is expected to be in deeper synergy, with the segment performing 2,539 million yuan, 10,000 cubic metres, the exploitation of 6.23 million tons, and the liquid bulk throughput of 111 million tons, compared to the same amount
It's flat, it's 30% higher than the amount of oil we've been trading. As the docks, the Qingdao port (601298.sh) depth reports, the company's liquid bulk branch is expected to continue to improve its profitability.
Prospective earnings and investment ratings: Qingdao Hong Kong's performance is robust and is expected to grow from 2024 to 2026.
Itd realized operating income of $192.55, 20300, 21061 million, an increase of 5.95 per cent, 5.43 per cent, and 9th House, 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing.
Risk factors: Port integration advanced less than expected; container throughput less than expected; liquid bulk cargo Dr. Ming Left, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, Deputy Managing Director, Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Mineral Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s expert bank, China Price Association Coal
Member of the Commission on Carbon Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for more than a decade, for research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and for more than a decade, for the purpose of conducting research and research on the development of coal exploration and development in the country's 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey, revision of industrial technology policy and enterprise-related consultations, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016,
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.