On December 31st, 2021, Hen Swe's 2nd innovative drug Dalsili and Hingles.
On April 21, 2021, he submitted an Nda application from Dalsili, which took eight months to obtain approval for listing for a combined fluorine.
There are currently only Pfizer's Psychiatry and Rey's Abeselli 2.
Cdk4/6 was approved for the market, with Hinry's Dar Silly being the first country to produce a cdk4/6 inhibitor. Heung Swe is also conducting the iii clinical phase of Dalsi's use of assisted treatment after breast cancer, and it is expected that the number of future Dalsili patients will expand further.
Heung Swe is the first country to produce sglt-2 inhibitor type 1 innovation. There are currently 4 imports in the country - the Heung Swe Medicine Review, 2021.11.22.
The sglt-2 inhibitor and its national imitation pharmaceutical have been approved for listing, and the Hengles of Heungry is the first national product. 3. " The period of transition pain, accelerated innovation research and development and internationalization of sglt-2 inhibitor type 1 innovative drug for improving blood sugar control for adult diabetic type II patients. "
The sglt-2 inhibitor uses a wide range of applications and has been approved for accompaniment such as heart failure, chronic kidney disease, chronic heart failure, etc.
4. " Increased R & D investment, acceleration of internationalization process, clinical trials of adaptive conditions, with a view to further expanding the net application of Hengles in the future.
5. " Innovative drugs are growing rapidly, research and development is increasing the adaptation of cancer and first-line carcinomas, and Cvclasol, the seminal eye disease product introduced in Hin, has had positive results in a second critical three-stage clinical trial overseas.
Innovative medicines are gradually gaining ground. The share of Heung Swe innovative medicine camps has increased from 34 per cent in 2020. Access to the national health-care catalogue, and, as innovations in the pipeline continue to be marketed and adaptations are expanding, it is expected that Heung Swe's innovation will be gradually gaining ground.
Sales are not as risky as expected, health-care negotiations are not as risky as expected, innovation drug research and development risks, internationalization processes are not as risky as expected, market competition risks, capture risks, limit sales stock release risks, etc. Scores are then calculated on average, resulting in final ratings as average market investment