Medical Organisms (600276.sh): Two innovative medicines are approved for market, with full innovation.
Innovative drugs of this type are on the market: Dalsili sulfonic acid (Dalsili sulfonic acid) and the rhesus sulfonic acid (dalpicilib) are cyclical protein-dependent hormones 4 and 6 (cdk4 and cdk6) and formulations that reduce the acidification levels of retinal parent-cellular phosphorus downstream of the cdk4 and cdk6 signals and induce induction.
The drug is marketed as a new cure for breast cancer. A sodium-gluctine co-transferent 2 (sglt2) inhibitor, which reduces the heavy absorption of glucose filtered in kidney tubes and reduces the kidney threshold for glucose, thus increasing urinary excretion.
Car-t Deep on the market offers new treatment options for adult type 2 diabetes patients.
Solitary therapy collating and investment proposals (Korzi, guidelines for clinical research and development of drugs, innovation, health bridging, development of commercialization links)
Innovation Logic 2021-07-12 With the company ' s two 1-type innovation varieties on the market, the company ' s product lines have become richer and its innovation dynamics have increased.
In the first half of 2021, the company generated $5,207 million in innovative medicines, and syndrotherapy: walking away, pushing ahead. The role of innovative drugs in the company’s performance is becoming more and more evident. More than 240 projects are now clinically covered.
The policy, neoplasms, autoimmune diseases, cardiovascular diseases, metabolic diseases, etc., is still in the field of treatment.
The combination of pd-1 inhibitors and ctla-4 inhibitors could be further explored in the future by expanding research and development pipelines in ways such as the strategic opportunity to introduce cla-4 monoclon antibodies in the stone industry in November, 2021-12-27 cs1002.
At the end of 2021, the company’s three innovative products, typhoon perli, silvi, sulphate ethanolamine, were incorporated into the national health insurance list through health insurance negotiations, and Achi Shattan, the country’s first copy, was included in the health insurance list. We believe that the health insurance negotiations are a drug.
An important catalyst for the volume of medicines is an important link between the development and commercialization of innovative medicines. While the cost of incorporating health care is a great benefit, in price games, medicines often benefit from the benefits of hospital admissions and the increase in the number of new patients, ultimately contributing incrementally to the variety at a price-for-volume rate.
In recent years, traditional generic pharmaceutical sales by companies have continued to decline as a result of national and local procurement. Despite firm performance in the short term, as product lines have become more abundant, and as the clinical and commercialization of innovative medicines continues to progress.
The company’s performance is expected to improve. At a time of renewal, the company is on the market for two innovative drugs, and the variety of innovations is already in the future, and as the company’s research and development of pipeline products continues to land, it is expected that the company’s performance will gradually improve, covering it for the first time, giving R&D less than expected, commercialization less advanced than expected, policy risks, etc.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.