The net profits of the shareholders of the parent company have declined and the memory chip business has developed well Incidents: On August 22, 2017, the PVK released its 17-year mid-year report, the company achieved operating income of $801 million in the first half of 2017, an increase of 24.01 per cent over the same period; the PVN core (002049.sz) was realized
In the first half of 2017, the company achieved operating income of $801 million, an increase of 24.01 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $123 million in the head of the parent company, a decrease of 17.68 per cent in the same year. The main reason for the decline in net profit was a decline in the Māori rate of the company ' s products, which was 8.44 percentage points lower than the same period last year, of which the Māori rate of the company ' s special integrated circuit products and storage chip products fell by 6.84 and 19.88 percentage points, respectively; and the financial cost of the company was high.
This represents an increase of nearly a quarter of the company's revenues from overseas sources, with overseas revenues from the storage of chip products reaching 60 per cent and net losses on corporate exchange amounting to $6.0896 million; and a significant decrease in the company's out-of-office earnings, owing to a decrease of $22.1541 million in government subsidies compared to the same period the previous year.
\triangleright billion yuan, an increase of 35.77% from the previous year, became the largest business in the company, accounting for 42.36% of the total, while the Māori ratio of the product reached 27.80%, a slight increase from 25.96% in 2016. In the smart card chip business, the company accumulated more than 500 million sim card chips in the first half of 2017, and the company actively developed high-end products.
The distribution of the 90nm platform ' s products in the overseas market has increased the competitiveness of the company ' s products; the company ' s identification and financial payment product market has gradually increased: the Ministry of Transport ' s standard share of the transport card market has continued to expand and is becoming a new business growth point for the company. In the case of smart end chip operations, the company ' s usb-key master chip product has become the mainstream product of the market, which will increase further in the future as companies custom-made chips for the Bluetoothkey market are produced;
The stock chip business has grown considerably. In the first half of 2017, company memory chip operations achieved $150 million in operating income, a rise of 111.95% over the same period.
Industry landscapes have continued to rise, and company dram storage chips and memory module series applications have grown rapidly in the areas of servers, personal computers and consumption; companies have also made breakthroughs in the application market with reliability requirements, achieving stable sales and supplies. In the development of new products, new Nandflash products developed by the company have started to market and the next generation of dram products are well under development. Specially integrated circuit design and testing services have driven growth in the demand of major international customers.
Under " National Production Opens a New Growth Space " , the scale is growing rapidly, while the design has been extended to more advanced platforms. \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. (cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., 36-30 times) maintained an “enhanced” rating.
The risk factors are: slow macroeconomic development; failure to expand storage operations; increased currency exchange losses; and a significant decrease in the Māori rate. \triangleright
Tianjin, Beijing University Institute for National Development Research,ba, used to be a powerful 500-year-old American company, Nokia, Finland, for mobile phone research and laboratory management. In 2015, he joined the Sinda securities industry for computer research. Yuan Hae-woo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics, Master of Condensed Physics.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.