Medical devices iii. Medicines iii. Performance is increasing at a high rate, and the logic of increasing prices is increasing.
19.36 per cent; operating cash flow of $977 million, an increase of 17.42 per cent over the same period. The net profit of the company slowed down mainly because of the amortization of $141 million in incentive costs and 39.8 per cent of net profit from cost elimination as compared to the rate of 39.8 per cent.
As of December 31, 2020, the company has accumulated 8100 and 7900 fully automated chemical luminous units, respectively, with 1363 and 1868 additional units in and out of the country, with a slightly higher than anticipated volume of domestic and foreign loads.
The sales range is 53.26%. Of these, x8 is the company’s latest flagship product, with the fastest detection rate globally (600t/s), with a single output of about 800,000 to 1 million, the accuracy of the international first line, which is the main configuration of the current water line, and the current cumulative 442 placements of x8 are largely in line with expectations. The company implemented a new sales model this year, using reagents.
In the case of small equipment, in March 2021, the company was approved for listing in March 2021 for new small- and medium-sized equipment x 3, with a speed of 200t/h, which is the backbone of a future small machine, with a pre-positioning ratio of 2021.
At the overseas level, because of the heat of the new coronary anti-test kit, the overseas equipment store, which is maintained at a high rate, and the sales of large- and medium-scale equipment amounting to 26.23%, it is expected to become a regular client of the company in the future.
The product, the mainstream application of the basic coverage immunization test, for high-end medical institutions with a full detection project, said that it would save the space shortage caused by the installation of a number of devices. In the case of unique projects, the company owned Xu Yu.
Ip-plata2, hypersensitive calcium proteini, 25-ovd, ca50, ca72-4, cyfra21-1, scca, etc. are popular in large medical institutions both at home and abroad.
New industries: maintaining a high rate of increase after removal of incentive costs, x8 and two tla streaming lines have landed, and the outbreak has accelerated. The company, in collaboration with Samir last year, launched a tla class-wide automatic stream of water satlas-tca, using self-researched lighting equipment x 8 and biochemistry bc2200.
With 136 luminous reagents and 59 biochemical reagents. This year, the tla class fully automated stream was launched in collaboration with Japan: a high-speed chemical luminous high-quality track tap, waterlines, with corporate luminous equipment x 8 and the solar labospect008as biochemical module, which is global.
In September of this year, the company's first tla level stream landed, equipped with five x 8, with an estimated annual yield of 34 million. It is estimated that the company will be able to land 5 to 10 currents this year, and will lay more than 10 currents next year, each of which will be marked with 2 or more water lines x 8; a high flow line is expected to be another pillar of the company's future performance.
With regard to equipment, following the launch of the world-wide fastest luminous device x 8, the company was approved for listing this year. There are also small luminous equipment x-mini, medium-sized luminous equipment x 6, 1 biochemical equipment and 2 nucleic acid extractors.
In addition to 152 luminous reagents, the company has continued to improve the coverage of more detection projects and is developing luminous reagents. In addition, the molecular diagnostic research and development team formed by the company in 2019 launched a total of three new coronal acid test agents in 2020 and has been certified in ce.
Equipment has been laid faster and the product structure has improved; 4) reagent box equipment has been well developed; 5) fully automated flow lines have been laid and will drive x8 sales; and we maintain the company's “plus-a” rating.