Quarterly evaluation 2023: Performance met market expectations, as shown by good cost controls and improved operating cash flow during the period of birth on 31 October 2023. Cost rate for the period of 23q3
11.11 per cent, or 0.31 pct, of which sales, management, R & D, financial costs are equal to the corresponding ratio of investment in the grid in July-September, 1.3 per cent, with firm growth in the firm's reverse position. The infrastructure of the grid was completed in July-September, with $123.3 billion, or 1.3 per cent, and the field work on the grid was carried out in August.
There was a delay, and in September there was an upturn in electricity network investment. We think that the company’s network operations have been resounded by the grid’s investments, that the overall income is expected to drop evenly, that the off-grid operations have been growing faster, and that we are planning to maintain faster growth in the ami systems, storage, new energy, etc.
Investment in the network is expected to accelerate, with growth of around 10 per cent throughout the year, a steady growth in intra-firm operations, a steady growth in structured grid automation, telecommunications, relay protection, etc., a robust growth in network-based, super-high-pressure, etc., and a high increase in off-grid operations abroad.
Yearly report: Performance meets market expectations,  high-pressure straight orders drop down, soft-loading increases performance elasticity. As of the end of September 23rd year, the off-grid market had boosted growth.
Completing the bidding process for the four super-high-pressure straight-flow projects, companies changing valves, direct-flow controls, etc.
It is expected that flexible projects such as the Hong Kong-South China project will continue to be approved for start-up, that the single price of the current valve will be high + usage, and that the first quarter of 2023 will be evaluated: the power grid will be high + the Māori rate, which is expected to enhance company performance elasticity.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company's 23-25 year net return profit schedule for each of the country's three major financial projections.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.