q3 Performance meets expectations and profitability is stable \triangleright income of $28.567 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 11.52 per cent in the same year; net return to mother ' s profit of $4.161 million
The dollar is 13.83 per cent higher than the previous year; the net profit is 4,073 million yuan, or 13.33 per cent more than the same year. In a single season, the company ' s income of 23q3 was 10,317 million yuan, or 1,011 per cent more than the same year; the net profit is 1,661 million yuan, or 7.54 per cent more; and the net profit is 1,646 million yuan, or 6.95 per cent more than the same period.
In terms of profitability, Māori 23q3 remains a leader in the high-pressure sector and is expected to benefit from super-pressure construction. In the context of national grid-related planning and open bidding, six lines have been opened this year, four of which have been installed.
The company’s market share of the company’s related products is over 50%, and it is expected to continue to deliver on its performance. Focus on core technology, industrial connectivity, and breakthroughs.
\triangleright Voigbt successfully achieved production conditions for 1700 V, 1,200 Vigbt and third generation semiconductor silicon mosfet multi-products, in addition to on-orbit applications, which were widely applied in the areas of electric cars, charge posts, industrial controls, etc.
The technological development of the 4500-volt and 6,500-volgbt products is proceeding in an orderly manner. The sealed test production line, which has the capacity to produce 250,000 igbt per year, has been built up to provide a solid foundation for the industrialization of the igbt.
Companies focus on South America, South-East Asia, \triangleright, the Middle East. The beautiful mountain in Brazil is now the second largest power transmission project in the world.
Large transmission works, the company, as a supplier of core equipment, has provided high-voltage straight flow valves, straight flow controls, measurement systems, stabilization systems, communication protection, etc. sets of equipment. The company has built a Saudi smart meter project to provide local access to 5 million smart meters and to achieve the first large-scale overseas application of Nan Swe's electronic information collection system, and
The first mobile statcom (geostationary synchroniser) in the world was successfully delivered at the semi-annual reporting point in 2023.
Foreign contracts exceeded $30 billion, and products began to yield results in overseas markets through 449 international certification tests.
\triangleright Reconsolidating the Leader of Innovation - 2023/04/28 Review: The core plate has a lot of blooming, and market openings continue to rush
Quarterly rating 2022/08/31 q1: significant increase in profitability and corporate performance
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.