Combination of performance expectations, with short-term performance fluctuations caused by major clients going to stock. Complex corporate performance expectations, declining income and profits were due to the partial circulation of market value (millions of dollars) starting in the second quarter of last year:
The price of 100-g products fell from last year, but the company’s Māori ratio was maintained under the effect of a reduction in efficiency gains.
Stabilized, the Maori rate for the previous three quarters was 28.3 per cent, an increase of 2.27 pct, a net interest rate of 10.9 per cent, compared with the previous year, and since the beginning of the second and third quarters, the impact of customer de-stocking has gradually been eliminated, and sales earnings and net profits have gradually improved in the first quarter.
Telecommunication market: 5g gradually entering the build-up phase, leading the forward market: de-stocking impact elimination at the bottom, 400g and 5g driven
Large-scale construction of 5g is about to begin, and the telecommunications light module market is about to open up a new turn of events, and the Internet will grow high in the future. Changes in the architecture of the 5g light module have led to a significant increase in the size of the market over the 4g period.
A sustained bulk delivery of 5 g pre-products and a better share for priority clients. At the same time, the year-round reviews: industry continues with a steady growth of 5 g layouts* and new product R & D certifications, such as transmissions in 5 g, and echoes, are well advanced, and it is hoped that the 5g construction site will be fully shared in the future.
Light module market dividend from Jay *3008 2018.05.04. Number of markets: 100g product demand is warming and 400g output is increasing
In 2019, the market for the Ethernet module will decline by 18%, according to the Lighting data, and in this context, the company's performance has also gone through a short period of shock.
At the end, demand for products such as 100g is gradually warming, and the company’s output of 100g and so on is steadily rising. At the same time, the network of data centres is upgrading to the 400g era, the company’s import of 400g products to priority customers is going well, the volume of 400g products is increasing, and future performance will continue to improve.
The company’s short-term throes are over, its performance is gradually improving in a single quarter, looking forward to the next 5g construction and digital connectivity, and the gradual roll-out of 400g products from clients will strengthen the high growth in future performance. By reference to the company’s performance in the third quarter, the 5g network is less than expected, 400g products are less than expected, and competition for 100g products increases.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.