Mid-Sud (300308), the third quarter of 2019.
The Division achieved a revenue of $3.284 billion, a decrease of 21.86 per cent, a net return to the mother of $358 million, a narrow fall in the same year, and a continuing low performance of q3. According to the announcement, the company actually earned $3.284 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, a decrease of 21.86 per cent in the same year.
Research Assistant: Xiaolong Yu is still in a downward phase, but the drop has been narrow; in terms of ring comparison, the net profit from collection and repatriation is in an upswing phase, and the side is reflected in the fact that the market light module went to stock and warmed up 5g.
Corporate performance shows signs of stability and bottom building, with steady profits and increased control over fees. The company ' s Māori sales rate for the first three quarters was 28.30%, an increase of 2.27 percentage points over the same period the previous year, and net sales interest rates for the first three quarters of the company.
In terms of R & D inputs, companies continue to increase their investment, with R & D costs accounting for the 5g build-up rate and idc investment warming, and the company ' s light module industry is well-placed. In terms of the communications light module market, the 5g network architecture has been expanded to include an intermediate part, as compared to 4g, which will be a new version of the communication light module.
In addition, there will be an increase in the use of the pre-transmission part of the light module. The individual value of the light module will increase as a result of the use of a light module with better performance than the previous one, and the communications light module industry will benefit from a full price increase. In the digital light module market, the second half of 2018 will be the North American cloud computing headlight module.
Go to the starting point of the inventory. Now that the inventory is in place, the data centre needs the light module from 100 g to 400 g. The digital light module performance upgrades and the demand is warming up at the same time, and the high-end light module will be favored by the market.
The first supplier of the high-end telecommunication reception and dispatch module, the product covers a light module at different speeds, such as 10g/25g/40g/100g/400g, serving mainly domestic and foreign customers in the areas of cloud computing data centres, data communications, 5g wireless network and telecommunications transmission networks.
The demand for products such as 100 g for priority clients has begun to recover, 400g product arrivals have started to increase gradually, and the bulk delivery of pre-fiveg products has begun, and corporate revenue will have to be further repaired. The rating system’s “market index” reference point is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.