On October 29, the company revealed that it had collected $3,284 million in the first three quarters of 2019.
In 2018, q2 recorded a single-season round of revenue and profit peaks, yielding $1.430 billion and a profit of $197 million. With the slowdown in capital spending and stocking of the global icp giants, the company returns and returns three consecutive seasons of net profit.
This year, after the q1 end of the year, the company’s operations rose by two quarters, with revenue growth of 32.4%, revenue growth of 7.7%, net gains of 8.4%, and net gains of 40.0% respectively. In the lower cycle, the firm continued to tighten its operating base, maintain a stable profitability, and further increase the competitiveness of the industry.
1. External factors such as business exploration, quality improvement, growth period-medium devaluation of the renminbi, combined Māori rate of 28 per cent + for companies in the previous three quarters, with an increase of more than 2 pp in the same period, continue to optimize process control and control of upstream material costs.
2. Short-term Volatility does not change to a good long-term trend, the share of which is expected to be more than 50 per cent: the pre-light transfer module, especially the 10 km product, is in the lead in China.
Cloud giants go to the end of the inventory cycle, and with the upgrading of the light network, 400g is the core driver of future growth.
Capexoyq, 340% vs.q 210%. The cloud computing market is now warming, and the global 100g full light module is expected to grow by ~50% in 2020. Meanwhile, the Google-Amazon-led North American cloud is leading the light network to 400g. The company is now leading the 400g layout, 2019.
The annual market share is 50% +, with 400g products expected to generate more than 1 billion new revenues for the company in 20 years. 5g entering the scale-building period to provide new growth dynamics. 5g is the second driving force in corporate growth, with a total of 5g stations in China estimated at 15-20 million stations in 19 years, and the need for the forward transmission module is estimated at between 1 million and 1.5 million.
During the scale deployment period, the total number of stations is expected to be over half a million, while the demand for the pre-light module is expected to be between 4 and 6 million; trade friction between the United States and Central America has escalated; increased competition has led to higher than anticipated price declines; the North American cloud computing market is warming at less than expected: 400g light module commercial progress is below expectations; and silicon light product research and development is not progressing as expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment