Deep-farming markets, active distribution of the 5g telecommunications market, waiting for 400g product demand to start.
In the third quarter of 2019, the Middle East Queens reported a three-monthly drop of $3.284 billion, a decline of billions, a decline of 9.33 per cent, an increase of 7.67 per cent in the ring, a decrease of $127 million in net profit from non-repatriation, a decline in the same period.
\triangleright is dedicated to the development, production and marketing of high-speed light communication module products, deep-farming module number of markets, demand for kinetic and cloud computing from the outbreak to a steady increase in demand, with prices for company 100g products
There has been a decline; however, with the gradual upwards of 400g of products over 19 years, which benefited from the devaluation of the renminbi, the company's combined hair, the cloud computing market direct-driven light module release, the company's leading position in the 400g light module market layout, the competitiveness of the global market, the 400g lead in the higher share of the export market.
With the growth of traffic and the construction of large data centres, the 400g module product rotation cycle has come. In terms of capital spending by the Internet giants overseas, the 2019q3capex ring has continued to grow, the cloud computing market has been warming, and we expect that the rapid growth in traffic will be accompanied by a gradual shift by Internet manufacturers towards 400g light communication products.
In the light of the demand in the digital market industry, we expect a gradual start in demand for 400g products in 2020. The construction of 5g will be launched, companies will be fast-tracked in the telecommunications market, and the share of the market in front of the light module will be ahead of the market.
The company is expected to be about 5.5-7.5 million and to be more competitive in the 25g light module market and to have obtained a leading market share in the major equipment suppliers; the company is expected to achieve a significant increase in the company ' s revenue in the 5g wireless market in 2020, as well as a positive distribution of the market for transmission and return.
The company is highly competitive globally in the light module market, where 400g products lead the way with pre-optimal, fast market layout, pre-module distribution of market share, and active distribution of the center and back-to-back market. We anticipate that the capital costs of the major Internet producers abroad will fall short of expectations, that the 400 products of light communications will not change as much as they are expected, and that demand will rise.
1. The performance forecast for 2018 for Mid-Standard (300308) fell short of expectations, the construction of 5g fell short of expectations, and competition increased in the industry.
The third quarter of performance forecast for Mid-Swing (300308): a steady growth in performance and a sustained recovery in the Māori rate Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
In 2019, the author joined the Chinese Institute of Securities Studies, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and independent from any third party.