The core advantage is that 5g+400g will be the corporate performance accelerator, and the company recently released its three-quarter report for 2019. The company achieved business income in the first three quarters of 2019.
q3 performance recovered, and the Māori rate stabilized: corporate q3 achieved business income of $1,248 million, an increase of 7.69 per cent in the ring, showing a rising corporate performance of a single quarterly round. The benefits of the gradual warming of the digital market and the continued growth of the telecommunications market were that 100g products were stable in volume.
The market value of the share in circulation (millions of yuan) is set for delivery, and 5g brings up the demand for forward transmission and 400g products. 2019q3, company sales, R & D capacity for consolidation of core technology, and the recovery of the industry landscape brings up performance: G2019
In the first three quarters of the year, R & D investment was 224 million yuan, with an R & D cost of 6.8 per cent, an increase of 1.2 per cent over the same period, while companies continued to increase their R & D efforts to ensure that technology leads and strengthens core competitiveness, and new product certification, such as back-to-back in 5g, was well advanced.
Corporate demand has recovered and corporate supply to domestic and foreign customers, such as downstream China, Central China, Google, will stabilize, and future performance will continue to grow. 5g construction acceleration and 400g release, opening up room for company growth: domestic entry into 5g accelerates construction
Data cut-off date: November 06, 2019, when companies pre-positioned the telecommunications market and delivered products in bulk; Cloud computing, accelerated market development, large data centre construction, leading to 400g light module products
The company, as a leading market leader, has a pre-emptive advantage in 400 products, its output, aaaa mid-supreme (300308), and its client recognition are both far ahead, and the space for growth is opened up and the industry will be fully covered.
_aaa_ Mid-Sud (300308), report Wang Smin, Xu Yi-bin
We maintain an “buy-in” assessment of companies: 5g underbuilding, increased trade friction between Central America and the United States, and 400g demand for products.
Figure 2: Growth of net corporate profits in recent years
Significant changes have occurred in comparison with the beginning of the year; at the demand side, the construction progress of 5g has not been over-expected, market demand has been high, business risks and challenges faced by companies have increased significantly; and there is greater uncertainty about the demand for 400g products from high-end offshore customers in the short term, particularly as a result of trade friction between China and the United States, has exacerbated the demand overlap between overseas customers.
For a number of reasons, we have adjusted the company’s performance projections accordingly. The valuation levels of other companies in the industry, we maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies.
At this stage, the reliance of companies on foreign PV chips is still high, and if the Chinese-American trade war increases and the supply chain level is unfavourable, it will affect the company’s overall performance; at the same time, the company’s main revenue will be affected.
Any change in trade friction from North America, Central America, will have a greater impact on the company’s performance. 400g product demand is not as high as expected. Our projections for the company’s performance over the next two years are based on the company’s main client’s upcoming upgrade from the current 100g product to 400g product.
The future profitability of the company is affected to a greater extent.