Mid-Sz, Lee Tianfan, full-light module tap, industry upturn confirmed.
The company is the leading provider of digital light modules in the country, and has a layout in the 5g area of telecommunications, with a rich product type and a leading cargo industry. With 100g product demand warming, 400g product release and the additional incremental demand for the 5g wireless module in telecommunications, the firm’s performance has hit the bottom of the playing field.
The third quarter saw a marked improvement in the performance of the companies: 3,283 million yuan, yoy-21.86 per cent in the first three quarters of 19 years; the net return to the mother was $357 million, yoy-25.67 per cent, and the performance was as expected. Of this, 1,248 million yuan, yoy-9.33 per cent, or 7.69 per cent, in the 30-square season; and the net return to the mother was 7.69 per cent.
After that, 30 continued the quarterly round up, with performance turning points confirmed, mainly due to increased demand for 100 and 400g products; the demand for 25 g products in the 5g front of telecommunications; and higher profits from exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi against the United States dollar. The quarterly round improvement in corporate performance was evident.
The demand of domestic and foreign cloud producers has risen, and the performance of support companies has rebounded: since 20 years there has been a marked recovery in demand for 100g products from some of the company's priority customers, with a significant increase in the deployment of servers to domestic cloud producers expected next year, thus contributing to a rapid increase in domestic demand for 100g products; and data from North America's two major cloud producers
The hub network has been upgraded to 400g, with companies importing 400g products to priority customers increasing their volume, and the 400g product collection ratio is expected to be close to 100g next year. A clear recovery in industry has led to a rebound in corporate performance.
The Māori rate has remained stable and the cost-control effect is evident: the Māori rate for companies has remained stable between 28% and 29% in the first three quarters of the year. The company’s 100g light module product collection ratio is now over 50%, 100g light module unit prices have fallen by over 30% this year, as the 100g product production expansion market has become more competitive, plus the North.
The U.S. head cloud producers’ demand has increased to 400g products, and prices are expected to continue to fall by 20% next year. The company should respond to the fall in product prices through a well-developed cost reduction plan, which has remained above 28% in the previous three seasons, indicating a significant cost-control effect.
The ratio of Māori products to 400g will increase rapidly, and the overall Māori ratio will increase steadily. 5g investments will be fully opened, companies will continue to be active in the field of forward transmission: domestic 5g investments will be fully launched, and the market for telecommunications light modules will be on its way.
The demand for the annual light module is concentrated on the front of the base station, and the demand for the field light module will grow rapidly in 2021 and 2022. The company is expected to fully share the benefits of the construction of the 5g in the future.
The impact of the China-United States trade war has been limited, with a fixed increase in capacity: the company's overseas sales outpaced by 70%, concentrated in four major cloud producers in North America. The company's products have been taxed 15% since 1 September, all of them.
The balllight module supply chain is mainly located in China, including factories such as Finisar and aaoi, where products sold to the United States are taxed and currently taxed by customers. Since last year, companies have planned to relocate their production capacity to South-East Asia, and now some of them have made small deliveries and are planning to move in next year.
In March, the company completed a replenishment of more than $1.5 billion for 400g product R & D and industrialization, 100g product and 5g wireless capacity-building, with a design capacity of 1.6 million 100g product and 1.4 million 5g.
Production capacity. The 100g product has now achieved some capacity, and production capacity is expected to be gradually released in the next two years, with a rapid increase in the volume of goods delivered by enablers.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.