Increased profitability, sustained railway equipment — mid-2024 performance rating, Chinese medium vehicle (stock code: 601766.sh)
In the first half of 2024, the company achieved revenue of 90.39 billion yuan, while railway equipment operations increased significantly in the first half of 2024. In the first half of 2024, the company increased revenue mainly from railway equipment. In the split, 24h1 companies earned $41,985 million in railway equipment operations, compared to +46.99 per cent.
: lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn Wang Xia Xia Xia has raised the level of profitability and better cost control. 24h1 Māori is 21.41%, an increase from the same year.
1.97 pct, the Māori rate for each business block has increased. The net interest rate of the company was 6.12%, compared to +0.92 pct. The company's three cost controls are better, with sales/management/financial costs rates, respectively, the railway passenger flow recovering continuously, and the demand for the fleet is up.
Investing 41.2 billion yuan in fixed assets, an increase of 10.5% over the same period; between January and July, the country’s railways sent 2,522 million passengers with a turnover of 945,453 million km, up 15.7% and 10.6%, respectively, up from the same period in history. With the expected recovery of railway passenger flows, the demand for new railways is expected to rise.
China’s China-China-China-China-China-China-based high-level tender for repairs is over-expected, and maintenance operations are expected to continue.
The cumulative amount of the advanced amendment bill amounts to $28.5 billion, close to the historical high of $31.3 billion in 2019. Since this year, the two high-level tenders for the iron unit have accumulated 833.25 groups, of which the three-tiers are 56 and the fourth.
268.25 Group, level 5, 509, is expected to drive the company-driven advanced revision drive to an all-time high, with a further increase in delivery. We're moving the maintenance of the group in accordance with the chronology system, and we're going to measure the next 10 years, with an advanced average market space of more than 50 billion. The company's maintenance operations are high and stable.
As the demand for high-level repairs increases, it is expected that the ratio of company maintenance will continue to rise, providing strong support to the public. 1. [Galactic Machinery] Company Review _ Chinese Central (601766.sh) New June-July contract of $46 billion, with high-level repairs exceeding expectations.
2. [Galaxy] Company Review _ Chinese Chinese Car (601766.sh): Railways have increased their equipment to take into account the risks of increased competition during the recovery of industry + performance during the overhaul cycle, the risk of less than expected expansion of overseas markets, etc.
[Galaxy] Company Review _ Chinese Chinese Car (601766.sh): The quarterly report is over-expected and expects the railway tender to land, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.