In June-July, a new contract of $46 billion was signed, with high-level repairs in the motorcade and higher-than-expected Chinese cars (stock code: 601766.sh), high-level repairs, locomotives, vans, motorbikes, urban track vehicles, motorcycle repairs, etc.
In January of this year, INT issued its first procurement campaign for the 2024 high-level repairs.
Headings, total bid 323 columns, of which class IV was revised 93, class V was revised 202, and company winning sum : lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn is expected to increase year-round delivery and release performance elasticity: in line with past-year patterns, INT will normally be held annually
Two open tenders for high-level repairs by the moving team, which are expected to continue in the second half of the year, are expected to lead to a further increase in the number of high-level amendments and deliveries by the company ' s moving teams throughout the year.
The annual Māori rate of company railway equipment, urban track and urban infrastructure, new industry operations is 25.27 per cent, 21.29 per cent, 19.14 per cent, the profitability of railway units is higher than that of locomotives, vans and buses, and the maintenance rate is usually higher than the overall rate, with an increase in the volume of high-level repairs to the mobile fleet expected to increase.
The company’s maintenance business is high, and the future growth of advanced vehicle fleet maintenance will enhance business stability: I, the National Vehicle Unit, is moving forward on a pedagogic basis, of which Type 2 and 380a are in class IV for 3 years, Level V for 6 years, Level IV for other models for 6 years, and Level V for 12 years.
In the future, under state-of-the-art, on the basis of operating mileage and age, the engine group entered its peak in 2019, with the impact of the epidemic falling in 2020-2022, recovery growth in 2023, outbreak growth in 2024, which will continue to grow over the next three years, based on the revision system.
In 2035, we'll be taller than 300 miles deep, and we'll have 70,000 kilometres of railway traffic, and in the long run we'll continue to grow with 30 lifetimes.
China’s China’s medium-sized cars calculate that at least two level-IV and two level-V repairs will be carried out during the full life cycle of a train, while the average annual market space for level-IV and level-V repairs will total over $30 billion.
It is expected that the share of corporate maintenance will continue to rise, contributing to greater business stability. The risks of increased competition, less than expected expansion of overseas markets, etc.
1. [Galaxy] Company review - Chinese Chinese vehicle (601766.sh): Railways are being better equipped to watch industry recovery + performance during the overhaul cycle 2. [Galaxy] Company review - Chinese vehicle (601766.sh):
The quarterly report is over-expected and looks forward to the arrival of the railway tender. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.