We've been participating in the Twilight BioInvestment Exchange in the near future, with the chairman of the company, Mr. Jiang Insheng, Mr. Jiang Ling Feng, Ms. Yuan Lin, independent director, Ms. Xiang Xinyong, Mr. Liu Bao-kyu,
The company is one of China's most powerful suppliers and service providers of biological vaccines.
The company was established in 2002 and was listed on the business board in September 2010, the first private vaccine company to be listed on the business board. The company’s owner uses vaccines, which are currently sold in six products.
The company has a registered capital of 1.6 billion and currently has more than 1400 employees and an asset of 2.7 billion. There are five full-scale holding companies (distributed in Beijing, Fertilizer, Chongqing, Hong Kong), two participating subsidiaries, and
Main shareholders (y2016) are located in offices and deep-end distribution networks in 30 provinces of the country.
The illicit operation of vaccines in East, the revision of national regulations, the restructuring of partial vaccine policies, and the construction of vaccine procurement models have had a short-term impact on companies’ performance. The impact of the Shandong vaccine incident is now being phased out, and the second vaccine market has been gradually restored.
The lowest performance of the Division, starting in the third quarter, was the rapid recovery of corporate income and profit ring ratios and the same rate of increase, which was faster than expected.
In November 2015, the wise investment and the government of Chongqing-Panan district signed a contract for the installation of a 525-acre bio-medical and intellectual estate in the Jiang Kai district of Marius, with a total of five platforms, including an incubation centre, anti-systems, anti-cancer oncology series, etc.
The industrial park project, which has been given high priority by the City Council of Chongqing and the Government of the Banan Region, is one of the “10, 35” priority projects in Chongqing, and the Banan Regional Government has set up a leadership group to support the construction of industrial parks.
On October 25, 2016, the Chinese Academy of Science Chongqing Green Smart Institute's direct flight of biopharmaceuticals. On October 28, 2016, the launch ceremony of the Precision Bioresearch and Conversion Base was held, and wise investment made ground-breaking progress in the area of car-t technology.
o: Is there a problem with the flow of the vaccine industry after the “one vote” system?
With an intermediate flow link, Māori may increase, but also the cost of distribution. But our company used to sell it on its own, the distributors contributed little, and after the New Deal, many areas were cancelled, and a few became extension service providers, so, “I”
q: Will approval of new vaccine products be accelerated?a R & D ring: the relevant review machine as relevant systems, such as the new drug review, continue to evolve and develop
The approval of the building is also being optimized, the number of institutional staff is increasing, and the company’s queue time may be reduced. Currently, the speed of obtaining clinical batches is accelerating, but the process of implementing clinical trials is being extended, regulated, and the paradigm is becoming more and more complex.
The possibility of an extension of time. Thus, the time for registration of new products has not changed much. o: How does it work where there are now more than a dozen provinces that have not yet been put in place under the New Deal?
a: On the issue of tenders, the tender platform is driven by the provinces, the company management has strengthened communication with the cdcs in the various locations, and the company has set up a dedicated bidding team to deal with the issues at stake, and so far, companies like our ac-hib vaccine have each of the most important vaccine varieties.
The provinces have won the bid. At present, there are some provinces that have not fully implemented the New Deal, the platform has already been established for online purchases, the platform has not yet become operational by reference to the new regulations, the subline purchases, and there are no problems with distribution.
q: With regard to the listing of msd's 4-price hpv, and after the next 9-priced hpv, a: With regard to the listing of hpv, first of all, we should see that last year's two-priced species was successfully approved in the country, giving the domestic market the hope of having hpv on the market.
Yes. When the four-price hpv will be able to get a registration certificate, the company is not involved in a book of notes for the product, information about its progress can be found on the cde website, and, according to the signed agreement, if the product is successful in obtaining a registration certificate, we can go to the pre-preparation stage.
This depends mainly on when the registration will be taken down. As for the 9-price hpv vaccine, individuals believe it will take some time before the final successful roll-out. q: At present, the listed company indirectly holds 5% of the shares in the precision biotechnology limited company.
Does the company intend to expand its stockholding in precision organisms?a: currently, 50 per cent of the equity holders of Chongqing precision organisms have an investment in wisdom, other mainly experts, who can access business websites, in accordance with the terms of our cooperation, if that is the case.
In terms of progress and targets, the corresponding result is that priority would be considered for transfer to listed companies, which now have a better platform, which is quite attractive for the transformation of results, but, in particular, since some projects have not reached a certain stage, it is difficult to determine.
The purpose of this investment is to reduce the risk of pre-investment in companies that are listed. If the projects in which such investment is made are effective, the listed companies will certainly take this into account, and this is the purpose of the joint investment in intelligent biobiology, which will be relevant in the future.
At the same time, wise investment in metabolites such as oncology, diabetes, etc., follows this approach. o: Is it too risky for proxy vaccine protocols to be put on msd?
Mersardon’s cooperation, consistent with its long-term development strategy of “please come in, walk out” does not affect the independence of the company’s operations on the market, nor does it result in the company’s dependence on Mercsardon. The company’s autonomous ac-hib triple vaccine and a four-priced brain glucose vaccine are all good.
The company’s performance forecast for the first quarter has also been announced, and a quarterly report is due to be released later this month. Market recovery is now better than expected.
The company, which performs the duties of the production enterprise, carries out distribution, distribution, extension, etc., and since 2011, it has acquired extensive testing and distribution channels for 23-priced pneumonia vaccine, the Hepatitis A vaccine, and the 4-price Hpv vaccine, which is used in many countries and regions around the world and is safe.
It's very high, and there's a large stock in the mainland market. In addition, there are five-priced rotational vaccines, which, according to the information available, have worked well.o: have companies set up similar companies and msds with other enterprises abroad?
(a) Currently, in accordance with the State Council's circulation regulations, foreign vaccine manufacturers should be assigned to a domestic enterprise, although there are also homogenously competitive products in the middle.
It's possible in the future if there are good varieties of cooperation, but at present the company has no such plan. Cooperation is a win-win option. If there is a good opportunity, the company will do its best.
a: For the products of smart investment, disclosure is not yet required. According to the original agreement, investment projects reached a certain stage before they involved a priority transfer and are not yet in the stage of moving to a listed company. Precision biotechnology is only one of the smart investment layouts.
Companies, which also involve investments in related areas such as tumours, diabetes, etc., need to be developed at a certain stage, involving transfer to listed companies, in order to be able to disclose in a timely manner.q: What is the distribution of the company’s vaccine products in the regions?
a: there are three modes of distribution of the company ' s vaccines, the first being autonomous and professional distribution of the company, which is the company ' s main approach; the second is that cdc is capable of distribution, using cdc distribution channels, mainly at the provincial level; and the third is the use of third-party logistics, such as comfy,
National drugs, etc., mainly in cases where the company is unable to distribute the cdc, and where the province does not distribute the second seedlings o: what is the sale of the triple seedlings?a: the combination vaccine has fewer vaccines than the unit price, the children suffer less, the parents have fewer
Fearing, and with a very high level of product acceptance, the company’s triple seedlings are from its February age. New products are sold below expectations, R & D is at below expectations, industry policy risks. Average level of industry.
The seed money policy is warming and the company's performance is gradually recovering; the company's research and development is strong, and new, multi-priced vaccines will gradually be marketed, creating new growth points for profits, and we look forward to the Division's development over the coming period, maintaining an “uptake” rating.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.