Agent hpv was finally approved to share the 100 billion blue sea market in the future.
On May 23, Ji Fei Bian issued an announcement that he had received a written notification of a four-priced cervical cancer (hpv) vaccine from Mossatung, approved by the General Directorate for the Supervision of Food Drugs and Drugs, and that the long-awaited four-priced Hpv (Jadashu) was eligible for listing on mainland China.
To sign an exclusive agency agreement with Ji-fui, Chi Fei-Bio will have a large population and a huge market potential for cervical cancer vaccine in mainland China, using a three-dose immunization procedure for prevention.
Cervical cancer caused by human papilloma virus (hpv), type 16, 18, intrauterine cancer (cin1/2/3) and prostate cancer (ais).
Although this approval applies only to diseases caused by the 16th and 18th virus, we believe that the subtype has also had some effect; in the case of the applicable population, the application population is 9-25-year-old women, and the national approval for Jadacho is based in the country.
According to National Statistics Office data for 2015, the number of women in the 20-45 age group is estimated to be about 280 million, and Hong Kong currently has a three-pin price of around $2,500, with a potentially large domestic market, assuming a 20% vaccination rate in the future.
The company, which has been a sales partner for years with Mossadon, has been acting as agent for Mersardon's hepatitis A vaccine and 23-priced multi-sugar pneumonia vaccine (a new agency agreement has been signed).
As early as 2012, the Division signed a four-priced hpv exclusive agency agreement with Mercado, with base purchases of $1,140 million, $1,483 million and $1,853 million in sales year. Given the potential blue sea in the domestic market and the current good competition patterns, plus wisdom.
A brilliant sales team, Ji Fei, will share the country’s hundreds of millions of markets with Mercerton.
3. The impact of vaccine events has been reduced, with the impact of the ac-hib triple seedlings on the outbreak of the Shandong vaccine, which affected the company ' s operations more heavily, with revenues of 446 million for 16 years, a decrease of 37.43 per cent for the same year; net profits of $32 million, a decrease of 83.53 per cent for the same year. However, as the impact of the second seedling events subsided, the company ' s operations gradually recovered, with revenues of 03,04 for 16 years.
A step-by-step recovery, 01 is almost the same as last year. (2) The company's core product, Ac-hib, on the basis that the total inoculation price is not significantly different from the single inoculation, has reduced the number of vaccinations, reduced the probability of side effects, and is in line with the development of the future multi-priced vaccine, and we believe that with the company's strong marketing team and its three-infection product advantage, the company is expected to achieve a target of 3.5-4 million sales in 17 years, at the current level of $220 or so.
At the same time, cooperation with Mercerton has been further deepened.4 Research and development pipelines are rich, heavy weight products have been prevented microcards are constantly moving forward, and companies are expected to be heavily marketed, and in the research product: 1) diagnostic reagents in nodules are currently being prepared for the iii phase and are expected to be priced in the future
In some areas, there are 20% of the population with bacteria, and the incidence rate is close to 5%. With the current market using BCG prevention ineffective, it is expected that a large area will be opened in the future when the microcard is on the market and we expect the market to reach 1 billion levels in the future.
This is the first cause of severe acute gastrointestinal inflammation in infants and young children. In our country, about 10 million infants and young children are affected each year by rotavirus infectious gastrointestinal inflammation, about one fourth of children under the age of two, which is the leading cause of severe diarrhoea in infants and young children.
Once the PV vaccine is on the market, it will quickly take over the market with an immuno-valor advantage. Based on the current sales of single-price PV in Lanzhou, it is also expected that the peak sales will receive less than expected sales of 3Gs of 1 billion scale; and Hpv vaccine sales will fall short of expectations.
The source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the East's source of wealth and wisdom, and the wise-flying creature (300122): Agent Hpv was finally approved and will share the hundreds of billions of blue sea markets in the future.
Zhang Kim Yang Team Leader, 3 years of portfolio research experience and 3 years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. First team chief researcher, crystal ball, 2016, seventh team core member, new wealth, 2015, third team core member, crystal ball, 2015. Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University.
B.A. in Pharmacology, B.A. in Economics, Beijing University, and 3-year-olds of the School of Jurisprudence. Has been employed in the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd., the Civil Securities Company, the Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology of Xiamen University, and has been employed in Tianxian Pharmaceuticals Group Ltd.. In December 2016, I joined the Association with the view of Tungxing Securities Analyst himself. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.