And the effect of the new platform is that the Great Wall Motors is a global-famous suv manufacturing firm, which holds that "everything"
The net profit from the return of mothers is 5.36 billion yuan, an increase of 18.36 per cent.
• In 2020, the company set the goal of transforming itself into a global technology company, with its organizational mechanisms, enterprises.
In the next three to six months, major issues will be highlighted: change in the bottom structure, such as culture and talent. The company has formed the organizational structure of a “car-by-brand” company, emphasizing a user-centred approach to market demand and stimulating innovation in the company.
Debt relief and cross-share ownership: We believe that the transformation of this bottom structure is far-reaching and more conducive to enhancing the ability of companies to tap the Blue Sea market and to meet the demand of the market in order to build the firm’s long-term core competitiveness.
The introduction of the Great Wall Gun, Hafer Dog, Tank 300, etc., has once again highlighted the agility and enforcement of the Great Wall ' s car to dig the Blue Sea: from 1996 into the Pika market, in 2002 to open the economic suv market, in 2011 to open the economic city suv market in Haphe6 and the corresponding product masters launched by the Wall.
The Great Wall has become a car gene, centred on users, around market demand, and rapidly meeting it. Among the new generation of products launched since 2019, the Wall cannons have successfully led the way, using the pickup market, which has stabilized by 10,000 monthly sales, and the tank 300 has successfully opened the market for mid- and high-end Land Cruisers.
The new car effect is gradually emerging, and profitability is rising: in the second half of 2020, the company launched a completely new lemon table, the company entered a new phase of platform-building, which is helping to upgrade the general use of spare parts between cars.
The Great Wall Car (601633): The new organizational structure and the new platform are starting to work.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Great Wall Car (601633): the new organizational structure and the new platform are starting to work.
Li Jinxan Master of Management, Nankai University, multi-year experience in auto and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Research Assistant, 2009-present
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.