The Great Wall's new car (60163.sh) has been published frequently and has grown in reverse.
In response to the epidemic, in 2020, the country completed 1,9994,000 and 2,0178,000 vehicles by car, a decrease of 6.5% and 6%, respectively, respectively. The company focused on the suv and pickup types, with a cumulative volume of 1,1159 million vehicles by 2020, compared with the same figure.
+5.41%. At the same time, as branding moves towards high-end exploration, the average sale price for bicycles ranges from 2,519 to 2,552 million yuan, mainly due to the increase in the remuneration of managers and the cost of consultancy services.
Intelligent experience. Lemon-based Harv's first love was launched in January 2021, with the market value of the circulationa share in the first half of 2021 (billion): Wey's brand will launch a brand-new flag ship-style Wey mocha in the first half of the year, with a solid laser mine.
In addition, in 2021, the company will launch other large-scale new fuel and new and modified energy vehicles based on a new platform of lemons, tanks, curry and morphine intelligence, further promoting the expansion of overseas markets and increasing market space. The Great Wall has now been launched at the Russian factory in Tula.
Net asset returns (%): Production, Haff7, Hafff7x, Hafh9 and other multi-car models are home-grown, and products are very popular in the Russian market. In November 2020, Thai factories will be operational in 2021.
At the same time, the company plans to acquire a full-car factory in India. It is expected that the successful model will be introduced into the foreign market in the future, that the overall recovery in the country’s economic performance will continue to be positive, that the trend is clear for cars to go home, and that the demand for heat, especially in the case of suv and pickups, will remain high.
There are two major product markets, namely, Picard, which is located on the 28th floor of Trade Center No. 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
At the same time, the Wall's new vehicle is published very frequently, and it is good to use new brands to create new models, gradually improve the quality and brand image of the International Centre, while there is a greater likelihood of an explosion, which is expected to drive companies into sales in the future.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, and I will not.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.