q1 q1 q1 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q1 q2 q1 q2 q1 q1 q2 q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 q2 q1 q2 q1 q1 q2
Event: 31.17 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2021 for the Great Wall car, an increase of 150.62 per cent in the same year; the same increase in the lower base effect performance of the mother, yellow soothing yoga, and a decline in the Maori ring ratio.
The base for the same period was low, with an increase of 125.37 per cent over the same period, with four brands: Hafer, Wey, Great Wall Pika, Ola, with a relatively low sales share of pure electric car type Eura, and two large material price increases and chips for roe (ttm)
Focusing on research and development for new products and technologies, and laying the foundation for sustained and autonomous innovation.
The transition to a “globalizing technology venture” has resulted in a global R & D layout of the “Ten Nations Ten” with over $20 billion in R & D over the last five years, with three technology brands: Lemon, Tank, Coffee Smart, which combines autopilot, smart cabins, efficient fuel, new energy.
Technology ecology. The company has now become a global minority of car companies that have mastered the core of new power-based car technology, and have landed products in the areas of smart driving and smart cabins, investing in the chip industry through a strategy for horizons.
The roll-out of the new car model in 2021 is expected to further boost sales and performance growth. In 2020, the company built the Hafer Dog, the Tank 300, the Euratom family, etc., and launched the Lemon Platform's 3rd new car, Haver's first love. The Lemon Platform will be launched in the first half of 2021.
The 4th new vehicle, which is also the first lemon platform suv - the Have Red, and the brand-new branded new flag ship model under the flag, is also the first product of the coffee smart platform - wey moka. In addition, a new platform based on lemons, tanks, coffee smartness will be launched in 2021.
Other large amounts of new fuel and new energy models and remodelled vehicles further boost sales and performance by using the 300-point index for the “market index” of the rating system. I am qualified or well-qualified in portfolio investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and have worked diligently and independently and objectively at home.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.