Investment rating: Purchase (maintain) to achieve a net return profit of $5.36 billion a year-on-year increase of 19 per cent. New cycle-led business continues upwards.
In 2020, the company, driven by a brand-new model of third-generation H6s, big dogs, m6pluss, achieved a yearly sales of 1.11 million vehicles, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the previous year, while the company ' s annual Māori rate, driven by a new model, was 17.2 per cent, an increase of 1 percentage point over the same period last year.
• New car cycles continue, intelligent electrodynamics are advancing steadily. Based on the opening up of the segmented market and the stock of intelligent and electrodynamics, the company maintained the strength of the new car cycle in 2021.
Rabbits, of which Haft Red has a product orientation based on the Xinjiang engine, are important models for companies to develop in the area of disaggregation. In terms of high-endization, Moca is making a great deal of use of the Great Wall 's car intelligence technology.
Based on the accumulation of key technologies in the pure electricity sector, companies will further expand the Eura brand line. By 2021, companies will be launching other multi-dollar new fuels based on lemons, tanks, coffee-smart new platforms, and new energy models and remodelling vehicles to further increase sales and performance.
The new vehicle is not as fast as expected; the new energy business is not as risky as it is expected. 1. Biadi: excellent sales, global intelligence. 2. Biadi: one month of high sales growth, intelligentness.
Biyadi: More than expected, new cycle of vehicles: new energy and automobile research group: new electricity and automobile industry. Som Weigen: five years of research experience in the automobile industry. Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, master ' s degree, research areas covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of experience in lithium electricity research, covering the lithium electricity industry. Teen Fei: four years of experience in industrial design and voucher industry research, Master of Technology in Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.