The Great Wall Automobile (601633), the Lemon Platform Car, the Great Wall Car Company, is a world-famous suv manufacturing firm, which holds the following:
One car, 84.41% more than in the same year. The business concept is as follows: "A little more progress in the day," with an advanced corporate lemon platform vehicle, which is expected to lead to a return in profitability: in the second half of 2020, the company launched a full-blown business concept.
The industry culture and management team has created a unique new lemon platform, which has entered a new phase of platform-building.
Generalized rates to reduce the cost of bicycles and achieve economies of scale. In March 2021, the Hafer brand lemon platform model (without deduction of two-generation Haferh6) sold 45950 vehicles, accounting for the Hover brand suv sales of major events for the next 3-6 months:
The scale of the impact of platformization will become more evident with the roll-out of cars like Hoferh6, Hafer Dog, Haver Love, and the upcoming Haver Red, as well as debt and cross-equity presentations: Wey brands Moka, Machido, etc.
The monthly sales of 13.049 vehicles, an increase of 1,037.66%, of which 8527 are black cats. O'Harecats are on a productive climb, and O'Hare's sales are expected to increase as the Trinity version is released. In the area of mixing, the company released lemon blended dht in 2020, breaking foreign brand technology.
Monopolies, economics and power are excellent, and the hybrid model will be published in 2021. Helium owners will need to have the Great Wall Holdings layout, the Hydroglymium technology will be released in 2021, and the first hydrogen fuel cell c-suv, based on hydrogen ore technology, will be launched in the course of the year.
Institutional changes in the new organizational architecture, culture and talent will continue to enhance the efficiency of corporate operations: in 2020, the Department adapted the bottom structure of organizational mechanisms, business culture and talent by forming the organizational structure of a “one-by-one company”, emphasizing user-centred approaches to market demand and stimulating corporate innovation.
The changes in the bottom structure are far-reaching, and are more conducive to enhancing the ability of companies to tap into the Blue Sea and to meet market demand to build firm’s long-term core competitiveness. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect companies to make a net profit of 92.2, respectively, in 2021-2023.
Research assistant: Zhang Xiaoyun, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Great Wall car (601633): the sales of lemon platform vehicles have steadily increased.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Great Wall Cars (601633): Lemon platform vehicle sales have steadily increased, Li Jinjin Nankai University Master of Management, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, and has been employed in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, in 2009 to date.
Research Assistant Introduction Bachelor of Arts, University of Xian Transport, University of Gangan, and Master of Finance, East Hing Securities, 2019, in Automotive Studies.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.