Investment ratings: Purchase (maintenance) Companies published sales data for the month of March 2021, amounting to 111,000 vehicles in March, representing an increase of 84 per cent over the previous year, and they maintained a high rate of growth during the first quarter of the year, influenced by factors such as the low industry base and the volume of new vehicles.
By car, the Hover brand sold 67,187 single-month, a 67 per cent increase over the same year. Of these, H6 sold 34865, a 72 per cent increase over the same year. The new Huff Dog, a 6027 and a 5058 first-time one-month sales, respectively, kept the sales hot.
Company prices compare to 300 deep, and sales continue to climb up the slope. Eurola brand sells 13049 single-month vehicles, of which Eurola blackcats, 85.27, maintaining the top-of-the-ground sales position in the market. The current stock of Great Wall cars remains low.
Based on the opening of a segmented market and the reserves of intelligent and electricization, the company maintained the strength of the new cycle in 2021. In 2021, the company launched a lemon platform based on Hafer’s first love and hare, which was created by the company.
In the area of high-end technology, Moca has created the Great Wall smartness technology. In the new energy sector, the company will develop the dht hybrid platform in a gradual manner in 2021, based on pure electricity.
With the accumulation of key technologies, the company will further expand the Eura branding line, which is expected to fill the company’s short lines in a class. In 2021, the company will further boost sales and performance growth by launching other multi-purpose new fuels and new energy models and remodels based on lemons, tanks, and new coffee-smart platforms.
New cars are not as fast as expected; new energy operations are not as risky as they are expected. 1. Wall cars: steady growth in performance, running continuity. 2. Wall cars: beautiful sales, global intelligence.
Great Wall Automobiles: High Growth in Sales in January, Intelligent New Energy and Automobile Research Group: Covering New Electric and Automobile Industries: Song Weigen: Five Years of Automobile Industry Research Experience, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Fields of study cover passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and cover new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of experience in lithium electricity research, covering the lithium electricity industry. Teen Fei: four years of experience in industrial design and voucher industry research, Master of Technology in Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.