Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Companies publish sales data for May 2021, and in May the company realized sales of 86,965 ... a year-on-year running-win industry, with chips influencing current sales.
According to FMC data, domestic car sales fell by 2% on the same date in May, and corporate sales continued to win the industry. By brand, Huff brands sold 54,000 single-month vehicles, an increase of 4% over the same year, with medium Haffah 6, m6 sales of 26,000 and 0.08 million, respectively, keeping the heat on, big dog months.
7051 for sales, 15% for rings. 20418 for the Great Wall pickup, 1,045 for the Wall cannon, and the champion for the steady pickup. 6090 for the tank brand, the volume of sales continues to climb up the slope, and the company price compares to 300 for the depths.
• Equity incentives will show confidence, and new vehicle layouts will be gradually improved.
The company's new car cycle has continued since 2021, with a full upgrade of the Wey brand, high-end intelligence in positioning motorcars, machitos, lattes, etc., while the company will have a lot of wey brands on the market in the coming year, and the company will be replenished in the areas of limo, mpv, etc.
The tank brand became independent, the Blast 300 built a whole new cross-country ecology, the flag of the tank 700/800 and the tank 500/600 is expected to be visible in Chengdu.
The suv cat shows up, further improving the Ora brand line. The Huff brand's new flagship, making further improvements to the Hover model.
2. Wall cars: new goods, one-quarter sales equals 3. Wall cars: steady growth in performance, business continuity
The research area covers passenger cars, commercial cars, car parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t worry: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, USA, six years of lithium research, covering the lithium electricity chain.
Teen Fei: Four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce, Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Shen Si: three years of research experience in buyer industry, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage; use of information on legal compliance, independent and objective production of this report, using data and information from the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.