Other non-interest income shows a bright performance, with a steady increase in the net profit from the parent. 23q1-3 accumulated revenue, net return from the mother \triangleright profit increased by 23h1-0.7 pct, -0.3 pct, respectively.
The accumulated credit impairment loss of 23q1-3 is associated with the \triangleright surplus.
At the end of the year, the balance of 23q1-3 agricultural loans and green loans, which have increased at a higher rate than at the end of the previous year, has gradually narrowed down but steadily. At the end of the asset, the recovery is expected to boost the credit scale steadily or, to some extent, mitigate the negative impact of lower lending prices on asset earnings.
Use. At the end of the liability, although the trend towards the periodicization of deposits continues, the increase in the interest rate on deposit listings is expected to reduce the cost of deposits.
3. Construction bank (601939.sh) 3-quarter 2022 report rating: steady growth of credit, precision service entity - 2022/10/
4. Construction bank (601939.sh) mid-2022: Investment proposal: active service entities, robust asset quality, sustained performance, robust credit expansion - 2022/08/31
The construction bank ' s 23q1-3 net profit return grew steadily, although the growth in non-interest income was hard to match with the net interest income 5. The construction bank (601939.sh) 2021 report explained in detail that:
Declining, however, with the recovery of demand, credit lending has steadily increased, net interest spreads have shrunk and harvests are expected to improve; poor rates are low and risk offsets are well established; large players have demonstrated their commitment to high-quality service entities, and the three strategies of “Housing Leases + Inclusive Finance + Financial Science & Technology” have steadily advanced the development of the service matrix, with expectations for the future.
Figure 1: Growth in the performance of construction banks up to 23q3 (cumulative) Figure 2: Growth in the performance of construction banks up to 23q3 up to 23q3 (single-quarter) Figure 3: Net interest income from construction banks up to 23q3 and increase in the return over time (cumulative)
Figure 7: Evolution of the construction bank ' s net interest margin as at 23q3
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.