The four-quarter performance is still bright, continuing to look forward to 23 years of performance, transport and logistics, with a positive growth of the round profit ring in the fourth quarter of 2022.
Rapid performance report, with companies achieving business income of $53.546 billion (an increase of 18.6 per cent over the same year) in 2022, net return to mothers of $3.92 billion (an increase of 86.3 per cent over the same year) and net non-return to mothers of $3.78 billion (an increase of 82.7 per cent over the same period). Of this, companies achieved operating income of $14.72 billion (an increase of $14.72 billion over the same quarter).
Four quarters of the country's operations were disrupted by the epidemic, and the price of the ring rose. As a result of (a) 22 years, October-November, the country implemented a policy of containment of the epidemic, (b) 22 December, when the country's control policy was optimized, the epidemic reached its peak, and the supply of the couriers for the fourth quarter was significantly limited, resulting in the same level of industry operations in the fourth quarter.
A slight decline, with four quarters of business estimated to be almost equal. As a result of the increase in operating costs due to the season and outbreak control, the price of a rounded single-way express in November increased by $0.20 more than in October.
Digitalized transition advantages, enabling networking through digital management tools, and optimizing network quality, continue to align core indicators with their peers. The five-quarter single-way profit performance, which benefited from the boom price increases, business optimization, and falling oil prices, was impressive, mainly as a result of: 1) 2nd quarter of 2021
Since then, regulators have regulated irrational competition in the express delivery sector, and price wars have continued to subside; (2) The Department has improved the quality of the services of the entire network through business reforms over the past two years, and companies have phased out low-quality customers and optimized their client structure in the second half of 2021; (3) the epidemic is under control and the epidemic is spreading.
Circular Express (600233.sh) - Low season prices are robust, single-way profit-vitted, watch 23 years of demand repair, company values are high in the long run. Looking forward to 2023 in the post-epidemic era, Circular Express (600233.sh) - single-way profit performance is bright and competitive.
Recovering macroeconomic and business activities, recovery of consumer consumption, improvement in the efficiency of courier operations, adding up to 22 years. Circular Express (600233.sh) - Express operations are resilient, two-quarter profit loops are based on a lower demand base than Express, and we predict that the growth in express demand is likely to return to more than double digits.
" Round Express (600233.sh) - Price sound + client structure optimized, one quarter surplus, based on better operating efficiency and service quality in 2023, in the broader context of industry demand repair " Round Express (600233.sh) - January business surges and performances
The investment proposal is to raise profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The company’s performance ring in the fourth quarter of 2022 was positive, showing bright growth.
Revenues of 53.546 billion yuan (18.6 per cent increase in the same year), net profit returns of 3.92 billion yuan (86.3 per cent increase in the same year) and net non-return earnings of 3.78 billion yuan (82.7 per cent increase in the same year). Of this amount, companies achieved operating income of $14.72 billion (almost equal) in the fourth quarter, and net profit returns of 1.150 billion yuan (almost equal in the same quarter, ring ratio) in the same quarter.
Figure 2: Net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) of the company ' s business performance during the four-quarter period was disrupted and the price ring raised. As a result of (a) more than one case of disease containment in the country in October-November, (b) the spread of the disease reached a peak in December following the optimization of the domestic control policy.
The apparent restrictions have led to a slight decline in industry business volume in the fourth quarter, which is estimated to be almost equal. As a result of the increase in operating costs in November as a result of the season and outbreak control, the rounded single-ticket price has increased by $0.20 over October.
Digitalization continues, with the company increasing its four-quarter single-way net profit-ring ratio. For nearly two years, the circle has made full use of digitalization advantages, enabling networking through digital management tools, and optimizing network quality, and core indicators continue to be aligned to the same line leaders.
The main benefits have been: 1) regulatory agencies have regulated irrational competition in the express delivery sector since the second quarter of 2021, and prices have continued to ease: 2) companies have improved the quality of the services of the entire network through business reforms over the last two years, and companies have phased out low-quality customers in the second half of 2021 and optimized their client structure: 3) in the context of epidemic containment and contagion.
Looking at 23 years of demand repair, the company’s long-term value is high. Looking at 2023 in the post-epidemiological era, macroeconomic and business recovery, recovery in consumer consumption, efficiency improvements in Express operations, adding 22 years of low demand, I
They predict that the growth rate of express demand will probably return to more than double digits. We believe that, in the broader context of demand recovery in the industry, the year 2023 will continue to be characterized by a steady increase in the city’s share and a steady increase in profitability, depending on better business efficiency and quality of service.
Figure 3: Changes in the net profit of round-trip single-way tickets (in dollar terms) Figure 4: Changes in net interest rates of round-trip reversion mothers The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author