q1-q3 quarter: $3.13 billion in the first three quarters of the company in 2018, an increase of 92.40 per cent over the previous quarter;
Mother net profit of 246 million, an increase of 145.05 per cent over the same period; deductive non-mother net profit of 241 million, an increase in the same quarter: 2018q3 single-season revenue of 1,218 million, an increase of 73.09 per cent over the same period; maternal net profit of 90 million, an increase of 116.94 per cent over the same year; deductive non-mother net profit of 89 million, an increase over the same quarter
Performance meets expectations, and the performance of the distribution business in the main business is strongly influenced by the Māori rate. The Māori q3 ratio is the same as the Māori ratio, with an increase of 5.12 pct and a decrease of 4.15 pcc over the three-quarter period. We believe that the main increase is in downstream components.
Prices have led to a rise in the Māori rate for distribution operations. But the recent commencement of unwinding prices for some of the components downstream has led to a gradual decline in the Māori rate for distribution, thus affecting the overall Māori rate for companies, which is expected to move towards normal levels in previous years for some time to come, and it will be difficult to do so again in a short period of time.
There's a big swing. Self-research product demand is stable, and price fluctuations are smaller. Self-research product tvs. Keeping an eye on howell's acquisition: Weir shares are going to be involved in a bid to invest in core energy, a 100% stake in core investment, both of which are held in Howie, Beijing.
10.55% of equity. At a point in time, it is expected that Sophie’s stake in Howie will be established around the beginning of December. The outlook for the Chis market in Beijing is good.
We're working on four cell phones. More mobile phones are growing faster than we expected. We expect three more mobile phones to take over the flagship market in the coming year and gradually expand to the middle.
q1-q3 quarter: $3.13 billion in the first three quarters of the company in 2018, an increase of 92.40 per cent over the previous quarter; net repatriation
(a) The profit of $246 million, an increase of 145.05 per cent in the same year; and the net profit of $241 million, an increase in the same quarter: 1,218 million in the single quarter of 2018q3, an increase of 73.09 per cent in the same year; net profit of $90 million, an increase of 116.94 per cent in the same year; net profit of $89 million, an increase of 115.32 per cent in the same quarter;
The performance of the distribution business in the main business is strongly influenced by the Māori rate. The Māori rate of q3 increased by 5.12 ptt and the ring decreased by 4.15 ptt in three quarters. We believe that the increase in the price of the downstream widgets has led to an increase in the Māori rate of the distribution business. But the price of the downstream components has begun to loosen in the recent past.
This will lead to a gradual decline in distribution rates, which will affect the company’s overall Māori rate throughout the year, and it is expected that over time Māori rates in corporate distribution will gradually move to the same level as in previous years, making it difficult to experience significant fluctuations again in a short period of time.
The company announced on August 15, 2018 that the company intended to purchase Beijing Hao by issuing shares.
Time two: On September 20, 2018, the company announced that Ruffy’s investment was to be publicly traded through Yunnan Stock Exchange to transfer 100% of the stake in the core, 100% of the equity in the core, and 10.55% of the share in the same stock in Beijing.
In terms of time, it is expected that Sophie’s ownership of his investment in Howie will be determined around the beginning of December. Beijing’s Chis market looks good. Cis will continue to benefit from multiple cell phones, car electronics, and 3dsensing troikas.
We expect three cameramen to take over the flagship market in the coming year and gradually expand to the middle. Keep looking at the development of the cis market.
Risk of failure of equity transactions; risk of failure of reorganization; inadequate downstream demand in the electronics sector resulting in underperformance. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment