The company is one of the top 10 companies in China's white wine listing company and one of the so-called So-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho.
The division's chief is a medium-dense white wine, with three brands of white wine: "Nationality," "The End of the World" and "The Trench" with three well-known lines of branding with clear positioning across different price bands. Currently, structural upgrading and price increases are driving the growth of corporate revenue, and the company estimates that it's going to be in 2022.
In view of the Jiangsu White market, Jiangsu is at the forefront of the country’s economic development, with high levels of urbanization, income and consumption spending, the accumulation of wealth among the population, and the growing size of the main consumption groups of the secondary and higher-end white wine.
The liquor market is still expected to maintain a compound growth rate of double digits or more, with structural upgrades and sub-high end expansions still in place.
With the dual expansion of space, volume and stock, the world is faced with the total market value/market value of wine and other local products (in millions, there are still some brands and core regional advantages that are expected to benefit fully).
Central and South Sudan consumption prices have been rising exponentially, and regional differences in rising consumption are based on regional development of gdp, leading North and Central Su.
The main price of $100-300, the main price of Sioux is $200-400, and the main price of Sino-Su has been removed from South Sudan, leading to an opportunity to compete for product mismatches and replacements. The company has a layout on brands, products, channels, and production capacity, and is fighting for 1455 goals.
At the end of the brand: the three major brands of the company are directed to different market segments, covering high schools, low full prices, and covering different needs such as drinking, wedding dinners, politics, etc. At the end of the product: the department has successfully cultivated large single items such as foreign v3, Quest, Quest, etc., and is now in the release phase.
In the future, they will continue to benefit from the sub-higher-end expansion dividend. Channel end: company upgrades of “1+1+n” deep marketing, development with distributors and core terminal operators, enhanced end service, marketing implementation, further sinking of the network and continued terminal control.
At the end of the spectrum: the company spent 9 billion dollars in 2022 to see the future, and in the short term it is expected to benefit from a recovery in food consumption after the epidemic, a return to the wedding market, and a high growth in prices below the mid-to-high end of the epidemic. The economy has recovered steadily in the medium term.
Su, Jiangsu, as an economic province, is expected to pick up demand, continue consumption up, and continue to sustain demand for expansion. From a long-term perspective, the company’s out-of-country occupation is low, and the future division has placed strategic focus on Shanghai, Zhejiang, Anhui, and Beijing, Shandong, Henan, Jiangxi.
Provincial markets, with the establishment of 10 local-level markets, such as the Riongzhou, the Lake State, the Mount Seal, the date-palms and the Pilgrim market, which expands and expands after the model market has created a consumer climate, so as to boost the year, and the post-epidemiology market needs are restored; parallel, open, v3 are further released; single, single,
The growth of the company as a whole has been strong, with a combination of net profit returns from 2022-24, recurrent outbreaks, increased competition in the provinces, out-of-country expansion, food security, etc.
After the epidemic, the country pushed for a full recovery in its economy and consumption, driven by such factors as the recovery of the economy and the return of demand for the feasts, the demand for white wine rose steadily. In Jiangsu province, as an economically strong province, the rate of recovery is expected to be better than the national average, while the continued trend of rising consumption in the province will also lead to an increase in the structure of white wine consumption, which is the consequence of the present world.
The market believes that the market for white wine in Jiangsu province was close to 50 billion in 2022, and that the overall demand was saturated, that there was less room for growth, and that there was also a good consumer base, such as Kuigon wine, swords and swords.
At the same time, markets outside the province are expanding slowly, and future trends are uncertain. In our view, the Jiang Su-bhai market is highly competitive, with crowding competition, the future share will continue to be concentrated on top of the cards, and the market from which small and medium brands exit will provide incremental space for companies.
1. Demand: Jiangsu is the leader of the country’s economic recovery, and the wine market keeps growing double-digitally. 2. Structure: the consumption structure in the province continues to grow at the middle, secondary, and high end, while head branding is squeezed.
Small brand shares, stocks and incremental spaces are growing both. 1) The core of the four provinces with robust growth outside the province, national v3 has completed the start-up, 400 and 600 consumer upscaling areas in the province, respectively, and is in the process of being released; and the company is setting up the output of the outside focus.
Capable, branded advantage, fully benefits from the expansion of the medium- and upper-end price belts in the province. In addition, the company is actively developing single items, such as the "D" series, to promote the upgrading of the world-end brands, and we expect that the "Ta" group will also maintain a high-volume upward trend, but at a faster rate 3) the company will start a high- and low-end brand revival and continue structural upgrading of the medium- and low-end products.
In the short term: after the epidemic, there is a strong demand for a return to the wedding market, and the trend continues, with the company benefiting from the brand name of the present world, one step at a time through a national layout.
The company is one of the top 10 companies in China's white wine listing companies, one of the two leaders. The company's masters is a medium-dense white wine, with the existing "national", "present-day" and "high"
In August 2004, among them, the brand of “Nationality” was created to designate “China's ten top commercial white wines”; the brand of “Foreign” was created in August 1996 as “China's ten great cultural brands” and “China's wedding brands”; and the brand of “China's Old Words” as the country's name.
The company has a long history and has gradually moved to high-end markets. The company's formerly one of the “Twigs” (twigs, ditches, high-trenches and ocean rivers), which started in West Han, flourished in Mingqing, was home to eight larger troughs with a rich historical background. In 1996, the brand of the present world was created as a product of “the present world, together forever.”
Then, in 2004, the brand was created to insist on the dissemination of the strategy “Continues with the big events,” to cheer the heroes, and to sing the brand declaration “Becomes big, must have something to do with it.” Since the creation of the brand, the company has gradually developed a high-profile white wine market, which has been going through twice in 2005 and 2012.
After the white wine industry fell, the company targeted the consumer market for the wedding dinners, family dinners, etc.: after 2017, the company seized the opportunity to upgrade the industry, further introduced products such as the 1,000-dollar Crystal V System, the national v9, the high-end commercial consumption of the high-end white wine market, local government holdings, and a high percentage of employees.
Four of the top ten shareholders in the company hold 44.72% of the shares: Zhou Suming, Niang from Chun, Sheng Dung, Wu Jian Feng, who together hold 7.7% of the shares. In addition, the trade in Xiao Shui and the trade in Xiao Shui is a platform for some of the company's top and bone staff to hold shares, which together holds 6.56%.
In October 2022, the company’s new version of the equity incentive came to the ground, changing the pre-test criteria and the overall upturn in the prices of the move, highlighting the company’s confidence in its future development. Specifically, the company went to 334 people eligible for the award.
In terms of target setting, the company has a clear pace of development over the next three years, and the incentive scheme will also fully motivate the workforce to take over the escort of the Public Administration's revenue target of 15 billion in 2025.3 The wine market: Jiangsu has a well-developed economy, and the consumption of white wine leads the country.
The growth of the industry in the province is highly correlated with Jiangsu’s economic performance. Jiangsu is at the forefront of the country’s economic development, as a well-developed, business-class economy, with its urbanization, income and consumption spending levels.
In 2021, Gdp in Jiangsu province was 11.6 trillion yuan, creating 10.2 per cent of the country ' s gdp, second in rank after Guangdong province, with a per capita gdp of 137,000 yuan, well above the national average and the national average and the White and Wine provinces of Shandong and Henan, Jiangsu province and the national urban population had the same disposable income, Jiangsu had the same wealth as the national population in 2018 and 2021.
There is a long history of wine brewing, a long history of white wine culture and drinking habits, and a strong culture of white wine consumption, combined with high levels of consumption among the population and high population density throughout the country.
According to the data, Jiangsu Province has a single alcohol consumption of 4.4 taels per capita, with Jiangsu ' s population ranking among the top 10 provinces with a population of 84,748,000 inhabitants in the seventh census.
The trend towards rising consumption of white wine in the future, with both growth rates of over 10 per cent in 2020 and 2021, and income levels of over $50 billion in 2021, has become the main driving force behind the expansion of the Sioux wine market, given the relative stability of the population and per capita consumption of alcohol.
3.2 Mainstream prices have risen, sub-high-end scale growth has expanded rapidly, in line with rising consumption in the province. With the rise of popular consumption, high-end prices have erupted in demand since 2016, and high-end liquor, such as puppies and five-food fluids, has increased significantly, leaving space in the sub-high-end price belts.
The industry as a whole showed a downward trend in prices over the 35-year period, with a sharp decline in sales of white wine across the country, while a steady increase in income was due mainly to higher-end and sub-high-end scale growth, which increased from 14.6 billion to 54.3 billion in 2015-2020, at a 30 per cent increase rate, the fastest price increase, with 14-05 still expected to have much room for growth.
For the country as a whole, the trend is higher by $600. In the face of rising consumption, Jiangsu has risen even more, with the current structure of white alcohol consumption reaching 27 per cent at the end of 2019, and is now expected to exceed 30 per cent, far above the lower end of the national white wine market.
Mainstream prices have risen, and the country has a second-higher power. Until 2016, the main price of the wine was 200-300 dollars, and the product was dominated by sea blues, sky blues and national singles; since 2017, the main price of the wine has been gradually raised to 400-500 dollars, dream series and national k are fast-tracked, and in 2021, mainstream prices in developed cities in the province, represented by South Sudan, were added to one.
At the firm level, the brand of the nation was the first to move from the Nanjing market, to open up its visibility through the Political Business Group, and, in the context of sub-high-end expansion, the brand of the nation achieved high performances due to the early layout, which dominated the country during the 13th and 5th years.
Catastrophes like 24.75 per cent have become the main drivers of high-quality growth in performance for the 13th Five-Year Plan, and second, high-end countries have become the company's absolute monolith and have always maintained a high rate of growth. 3.3 Policy good white wine and innovation have helped to develop.
In April 2021, the Chinese Liquor Association issued the 14th Guide to the Development of the Chinese Liquor Industry to guide the future trend in the white wine industry: the industry is expected to show a sustained upward trend, a steady increase in prices and faster profits than income, and proposes to deepen the construction of the White Liquor Presumptive Production Zone.
The Jiangsu government's three-year plan for 2021-2023 includes the brewing industry as one of its top 30 advantages.
The three-year action plan for Industrial Power Chains includes one of the 30 dominant chains that focus on the best.
Science and technological innovation is a long-term issue in the industry, and it has been developed and explored mainly in the brewing process. Today it is more about intelligent brewing, digitalization, and Internet access.
The Director General of the Chinese Liquor Association said that in the 1450s, quality will be promoted, technological innovation in industry will continue to be promoted, technological innovation will be promoted, technological innovation will be integrated into the production of raw materials to wine to wine, and the consumption of wine to table, and white wine technology and innovation will be pushed to a new stage of development, and technology will continue to be used to guide China to a higher level of white wine.
In 2022, the National Liquor Company added 1447 patents, placing innovation and innovation at an unprecedented level. The Sugu region, which is located in the long triangle, has a leading economy, a wealth of research and resources, and the ability of both countries to create and transform the local alcohol industry in terms of intelligence and digitalization.
The White Liquor industry is in the lead: An Quigui Goon is a clear leader in scientific input and power, and is ranked seventh in the total amount of new technology in the world. At the 2023 Congress on Development in the World, the China Institute of White Liquor and Green Eco-intelligent Built Science Research and Technology officially unveiled its role in basic theoretical innovation and key technological breakthroughs, forward-looking technological research and strategic projects.
Standard product development, gathering and developing industrial excellence, leading and promoting the transformation of the white industry into green ecology and intelligence, with a clear branding pattern for the 3.4 industry and a stable heading pattern for the white industry.
51.30% of the industry, 33.32% of the world ' s total, and 1.06% of the world ' s leading companies, are ranked eighth among the listed companies. High-end white wine competitions have stabilized, with the sub-high-end white wine industry, represented by the Guai Goon and the world ' s present, and with a regional branding base and product line layout consistent with the upgrading of consumption, still benefiting from the region ' s economic development and consumption dividends.
In the competition in the province, So-ho has developed and occupied the sub-higher market. The Jiang So-bae industry is more concentrated, the local wine industry has been in a position of absolute dominance over the So-ho market year after year, and So-ho has more than half of the world's leading world. At the upper end of the price belt, the mahogany, the five-food fluids are still in absolute control, while the ocean river's m9, manual classes and the world's v9 are still in the early stages of development.
At the $600-800 price mark, the ocean’s M6 performance has been marked by a pre-emptive advantage.v3 has grown faster as the primary sales of the world’s origin at the price belt: at the $300-600 price belt. Today, the earth’s dependencies k account for a larger share of the market. The combined power of the province’s inter-ocean rivers and the world’s origins is at the lower end of the price.
The trend towards higher concentration is more difficult to reverse than other brands, and the current-day traa+ and ocean river dream blue series continued to grow at a high rate in 2016-2019, with growth rates of more than 40% in 2017 and 18 years, higher than the overall and sub-high-end markets. Given that there is still much room for growth in the sub-high-end markets in the province in the future, the superstitudinal market is still associated with economic growth.
With a steady upswing, Sioux is expected to have sufficient room to grow, and the pattern is expected to remain stable and maintain the current positive competition. 3.5 Sioux wine contrasts: companies grow at a faster pace, profitable companies grow at a more rapid pace, and 1455 strategic plans are clear.
Performance targets are clearly set. With 10 billion in 2023, 1455 billion in challenges, the rate of growth required in 21-25 years is the highest among the five other wine-listed businesses except the golden seed wine, but in 2017-2021, the development of the world was robust, maintaining 21.33% annual compound growth, far ahead of the other five, and the harvest in 2021 was achieved.
Roe is over 20%, leading the six big white wine companies. With the exception of gold seed wine, the other five white wine companies listed are at a higher level, with a steady growth of the company, which has remained above 20% since 2018 and exceeded the leverage factor in the first three quarters of 2022. The main reason for this is the relatively low pressure on the company’s stock and asset turnover rate.
A little more than the ocean river; a little more than the roe is due to higher net interest rates on company sales. Chart 17: Comparison of the turnover of the assets of the six white wine companies listed in Sujong, whose profitability is at the top of the industry, as opposed to the major competitions.
Interest rates are very different from those of the ocean river and mouth cellars, and remain at a high level. In the soybean industry, net ocean interest rates are slightly higher, mainly because of low sales management costs, a higher rate of Guaigon and a lower rate of net interest than Maori, mainly because of excessive promotional and sample fees.
Figure 18: Comparison of Maori rates (%) of six white wine listing companies, Figure 19: Comparison of net interest rates of six white wine listing companies, Figure 19 (%)
The asset-liability ratio, although relatively high and growing in the soybean industry, is relatively small and largely stable at the four meal-back-heating feasts, with a short-term recovery in medium- and high-end prices, a recovery in food consumption after the epidemic, and a return in the wedding market that promises to catalyze high-end prices below the upper end of the firm, with high product growth.
Data from the Department of Statistics show that, in January-February 2023, the national revenue from catering was $84.29 billion, an increase of 9.2 per cent over the same period, while the limit was $20.2 per cent over 2002 yuan per unit of food income, which increased at an increase of 0.3 per cent and 0.1 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year, while the revenue from catering as a percentage of total social retailing amounted to 10.9 per cent over the 5.7 per cent increase in total social retailing.
In addition, according to the Consumer Promotion Division of the Ministry of Commerce, there was an increase of 15.4% over the same year in the spring holiday restaurant consumption, which was 10.8% longer than expected in the annual night meal consumption, and a high rate of swings in multi-brand restaurant rooms.
During the epidemic, restrictions on local control policies and controls over the movement of people delayed some of the demand for weddings until 2023.
According to the Consumer Trends Insight Report, platform activity increased threefold from 22 years q4 in January 2023, and consumer consultations on wedding appointments for all holidays in 2023 increased significantly before New Year’s Day. According to the Jiangsu 100-degree search index, search numbers began to rise significantly from October 2022, with the average number of searches per day before being released at double-digit levels.
After that, it rose to four digits, nearly 50 times higher than during the epidemic. We believe that, with the demands of post-epidemic family dinners, business dinners, weddings, etc., product structure and brand positioning based on the company’s more comfortable needs, short-term performance will benefit from continued annual spending in lower-middle- and upper-end categories.
In the medium term, the country continues to take over the needs of upgrading in the province, with the three major branding scenarios of 5.1 covering the full price belt, the company's three brands pointing to different market segments and covering the lower full value of high school.
The three brands of white wine are different from those of the three brands in the Gorge, and the company has three brands of different prices: the state of the land, the prime of the series, the secondary and the upper end of the world, the middle end of the world, and the low end of the high ravine, thus covering the low-to-high-end full price belts and meeting the needs of different consumers.
Countrylines are clear, opening up high-end markets in the Totv series. National product flows are the central driving force behind corporate growth in recent years, playing a central role in the development of the world, now accounting for 80% of corporate sales, and companies have explicitly adopted national identity as the company’s national leader, and will upgrade their strategic orientation and upgrading.
In order to accommodate the consumer preference for low-intensity wine in Jiangsu province, the product is mostly 42 degrees, and the national core is a single item, leading the competition for sub-high mainstream prices, with a significant advantage of 300-600 places in the province;
The strategy involves different product layouts, high-end strategic extension to the blues of the oceanic dream, price belts above $1,000, v9 being one of the company ' s priority marketing plans for 2023, the company ' s strategic layout for the long-term sustainability of the soy sauce, which is a new class that combines the fragrances with traditional fragrances, and the location of super-high price bands; and the new k system, which is strong.
The dominant product of the present world is a collection series: the Core Monument Collection, which has been in place for 10/15, has a price belt of $100-300, while the provincial market's “core layout” d20, strategic reserve d20 and strategic reserve d.
d30, using the 20/30 layout sub-higher prices.
A collection of 15 years, a collection of 5 years, a collection of 5 years old.
This is the world's marriage to a Qingqing family, a9 Qing family, a6 Qing family, a6 Qing family.
Today's Qi Qi Qi's a3 Qi Qi Qi Qi's owner is playing the day-to-day consumption scene, and the new items are on the market to promote the revival of old wine. The Qi Qi Qi is one of the “Si Qi's” Qi Rivers from the Qi Qi's Qi Li Qi wine industry. It is also an old brand with deep history.
Day-to-day consumption scenes, spreading the "high-quality, high-priced" nature of the product, with a price of 100 yuan. As the world's current and national brands move forward, high-trenched sales are smaller, and companies revive high-trenched brands, launched a sample series in August 2022, with prices of up to 400 yuan, target consumer groups locking in new medium-sized products in cities through a brand-new product system.
The marketing and distribution mechanism stimulates in-house dynamism and awakens awareness in consumers of the fact that the average sales price increases from year to year according to the price of the plant. The world divides products according to the price of the tax-bearing plant from d to ta+ to a total of six grades, with an average price of $225.94 per bottle of the company ' s 2021 ta+ class sale in 2021.
The average average price of overall sales of white wine products was $99.54 per bottle. The average price of sales at all levels fell in 2019 and 2020, while the overall average price remained on the rise, mainly because of a relatively large increase in the share of high-end sales, and in 2021 the target of 100 billion was close to being set against the background of the company ' s excellent performance in 2022 and the economic warming after the epidemic.
At the end of the price, sub-higher products have experienced multiple price increases, with a high-end profit margin and increasing profitability from high-end products in 2016. Companies with higher-end products performed better, with a rate of 82.6 per cent and 66.22 per cent for Tea/Ta+, respectively, in 2021, well above category B/c (excellent)/d (large categories).
In terms of income structure, the year 2017 was close to the year in which the category of tera+ and the year in which the country’s brands were raised, and the sub-high and high-end prices continued to expand with the upgrading of the province’s consumption structure.
The rapid growth, with a year-on-year increase in the TA+ category, which reached 67% in the first three quarters of 2022, shows that the structure of the company’s products is constantly being priced by national brands, with the TA+ group becoming the most important profit-making contributor. From 2017 to date, the TA+ category has risen nearly 10 times, the terminal price has risen close to 200 yuan, and other products of national brands have been priced several times, owing to the sub-higher end of the country’s position.
Industry competitions are highly aggressive and consumer-accepted, raising the value of national brands, occupying higher price belts and increasing channel profits, which has also led to annual increases in gross profits in the country-based category of tera+, reaching 34.40 million yuan in 2021, or 71.99 per cent, and becoming the company’s main profit contribution point.
In the long term, benefiting from sub-higher-end expansion and corporate development strategies, the core of the future development space can still be found in 5.2, which has a brand core, integrates cultural content into the product. The firm cultural marketing path leads to deep penetration of consumers.
In many cities around the country, collective weddings, encounters in this world, and the bringing of thousands of interested people to the house of the wedding have led to increased consumer acceptance of “China's weddings”;
The three major brands operate precisely, creating a distinctive atmosphere around different consumption scenarios. High-quality high-priced high-quality high-priced highs are located in high ravines.
The three brands are well-positioned, and the mainstream consumption landscape is comprehensive. Green development and beauty are built. Companies are not only interested in creating a good human and ecological environment.
Greater emphasis has been placed on the ecological protection of each production chain, the development of indigenous cultivation, and the establishment of a breeding base for the production of wine. The national origin of the core product is the “green food a-grade product” identified by China's Green Food Development Centre, which in 2017 was designated as aaaa-class tourist attraction.
In 2021, advertising costs were $540 million, while advertising and promotion costs accounted for 69.82% of sales costs, higher than the provincial competition.
The company continues to promote digital marketing. In China's International Advertisement Festival 2022, the present world won a digital marketing gold prize based on the case of the Eastern Episode of the Expedition of Gold, demonstrating the company's combined influence and marketing capacity for innovation integration. On the 2021 China Cup, the present world ranked Chinese white wine at 39,395 million yuan in brand value.
Strong, with a Chinese brand V9 value of $27.12 billion, it ranks as the world ' s best wine product, corporate brand value and visibility. 5.3 medium-term perspective: a steady recovery, a country ' s demand for upgrading in the provinces; a steady recovery in the aftermath of the epidemic; a recovery in demand in the provinces; and a continuation of rising consumption. From within the provinces, the economy continues to grow.
The rise in per capita income continues to increase the middle class’s size, and the corresponding main consumption price belts for white wine will also rise, as well as the continuing high-end upgrades of wine and wine in the provinces like Yoyo River, and throughout the country. The year’s white market is expected to maintain a compound growth rate of more than double digits, with structural upgrading and sub-high-end expansion still an important increase in Jiangsu’s market.
Long-term opportunities, with brand names squeezed on small and medium-sized brands, will also open up some space. With both increment and stock, the world still has a certain brand and core regional advantage vis-à-vis wine and other local brands, which are expected to benefit fully.
And in South Sudan, where consumption prices have increased exponentially over the period, the differences in consumption have shown that South Sudan is leading the North for nearly 5-8 years, depending on the development of gdp across regions. Of this, North Sudan’s mainstream price zones ranged from $100 to $300, Central Su brought the main price range from $200 to $400, South Sudan’s main consumer price increased gradually to $400 to $600, and the province’s rich consumer demand level led to product mistakes.
At the end of the day, 300-400 won will become the mature price belt of Jiangsu, while at the end of the South African market, 600 won is gradually replacing 400.
In addition, with the diversification of Jiangsu’s market consumption, high-end prices of $1,000 are expected to lead the country in the future, while the company’s line of nationalism has been cultivated for a long period of time, v in the series of interlocking and accurate sub-prices in the province of the present world, and is now in a fast-growing phase.
The company’s internal harvest is highly relevant to Jiangsugdp, and will continue to benefit from rising consumption demand in the province in the medium term. The white wine industry cycle is strongly linked to macroeconomics, especially medium- and high-end white wine, and its needs in politics, commerce, and the general landscape.
According to a comparison of turnover in Jiangsu province and gdp in Jiangsu province for the period 2014-2021, the two sets of data-related coefficients r are measured to be as high as 0.98 and are highly linear and relevant. Given the economic development of Jiangsu province in the future, the company’s growth prospects are positive, and the city’s presence is still high.
Figure 40: High correlation between turnover in the province of the present generation and gdp in the province of Jiangsu
6.1 Multi-channel in-depth marketing, group purchasing lead, and corporate channels are operating optimally, increasing their control. Early firms, predominantly in “big business systems,” took advantage of the territorial advantages of large businesses, gradually opening up intra-provincial markets. As provincial markets matured, companies avoided weak terminal controls.
Question: Start adjusting the channel model, moving from a large-scale business to a producer's “1+1” advanced marketing model, under which manufacturers are held accountable for the development of market operating programmes and policies: distributors are responsible for logistics distribution, capital turnover, etc. The way in which the deep marketing cooperation helps manufacturers to achieve more effective control over the entire marketing process, to gain direct access to end sales and to respond in a timely manner.
The company has been actively moving to the “distribution + direct sales + sales” model since 2017, now focusing on distribution and gradually developing direct distribution and on-line channels for supersystems, priority regional and priority grouping units.
Direct sales: Inner Huaiyan and Nanjing municipalities in the province, Shanghai outside the province, Beijing, etc.
Upgrades the 1+1+n in-depth co-operation with distributors and core enders. Since 2019, companies have moved forward to upgrade the depth co-ordination model to 1+1+n on the basis of the manufacturer's 1+1, while maintaining the ownership of the manufacturer, increasing control over the terminal and using 20% of the region's core end-user as a quasi-distributor on the basis of the 1+1
In 2020, the company introduced a “cost-control” model to deal with the narrow profit margins of the channel, and during the epidemic it introduced a “nine-by-nine” clause to facilitate co-benefits to the distributors. The company’s access strategy is improving, the network of channels is sinking, and the end control is increasing.
By 2016, companies were divided into provincial markets by region, with 13 marketing centres with municipal and district offices.
The management structure of the channels has been enhanced, the channels have been flattened, municipal marketing centres have been abolished, six districts have been set up in Sina, Nanjing, Su-China, Huai An, Salt City, Xu County, and district and district offices have been directly connected to regional managers to improve the speed of market response and efficiency of decision-making.
The number of dealers in China and abroad grew rapidly, from 245 to 636; in 2019, the number of dealers out of the province outnumbered the province. Corporate acquisition was mature and stable.
A new business consumer group, such as Business Super, buys customers, services business customers, and wedding dinners, and sustains a steady growth in innovation to ensure a steady growth in the group’s procurement channels. More sticky and nurturing opinion leaders from the group purchase channels help to lead the consumer boom to open the market.
In 2022, the company built up its productive capacity and spent 9 billion boosters on growth. With the expansion of market consumption, the public sector has grown in size and saturated its productive capacity, and companies have been growing their productive capacity from the market. In 2022, the company invested heavily in expanding production, with a new capacity of 38,000 tons (of which the new fragrance-type first-year production capacity of 18,000 tons and high-quality clean sauce).
In the first half of 2024, 16,000 tons of the planned production capacity was completed, the surplus capacity expanded significantly, and the stock of the key alcohol was abundant. The world's origins were brought in by constant input into the production of the base and storage facilities.
The company has an existing base of 27 million tons, and the company expects to use the stock for the next five years. In 2021, the stock of semi-finished liquor (including the stock) reached 115,000 litres, and the stock of finished wine was 12,000 litres, which is four times the volume sold in the year.
Figure 46: Corporate base alcohol production capacity (tonnes) and capacity utilization stock and capacity upgrading to support the company’s target of 10 billion and 1455 million plans. The current year’s 1455-year-old year set out a plan to collect more than 10 billion dollars in 2025 for 15 billion dollars; the 2023 Development Congress proposed “five-year plan”
The sale of 3.1 million tons of finished wine was proportionally calculated, and in practical terms, with the expansion of the distribution network and the overall number of tons of corporate products, based on the current expansion and the historical use of base alcohol and the production of finished alcohol, the company was able to produce 5.5.880 million tons of alcohol, estimated the utilization of finished alcohol production in 2021 and 3.7.59 million tons of finished alcohol.
To achieve the billion-dollar target, a significant increase in capacity utilization or consumption of the company’s current stock of finished liquor is required. But, given the company’s stock of gins, which is sufficient, production in the short term will not be a drag on the growth of the company’s size, and in the medium and long term, the company’s expansionary pace and base alcohol reserves will fully guarantee the achievement of the company’s development goals.
Figure 48: Performance and prediction of the world’s finished wine industry The company promotes the construction of smart factories, green factories, and becomes a industry model. The world is at the forefront of industrial innovation and machine mechanization, with the creation of an intelligent brewery in 2015 automating the whole process.
To improve the energy structure, reduce the amount of alcohol used in tons, improve cleaner production levels, and be awarded by the Chinese wine industry to the Chinese wine industry as a demonstration workshop for white wine intelligence and brewing wine. In terms of production techniques, the company has taken the lead in the development of a mechanical kit for white wine brewing and robotics technology throughout the country. The brewing of wine is gradually mechanized, automated and intelligent, and the company's brewing technology is being upgraded effectively.
6.3 Long-term perspective: From within and outside the province, 10 billion people are on a new journey to see where the markets in Nanjing and Huaan are strong, and where there is much room for growth in the regions of Central and South Sudan.
In 2021, 92.6 per cent of the revenue was generated in Jiangsu province, with the Nanjing region and the Huaiyan region being the powerful markets of the world, contributing 24.6 per cent and 19.8 per cent, respectively. Nanjing market is the main market for the promotion of national brands, and the company spends more in Nanjing than in other regions.
In 2021, operating income amounted to $1.32 billion, an increase of 19.8 per cent over the same period, except for Nanjing and Xiaoyan regions, where the levels of economic development and consumption of white wine in the provinces were relatively high and there was a greater potential for upscaling, where companies ' demand for national v and open lines of core local products continued to expand, increasing in the Middle Su region in the first three quarters of 2022.
The target is 15 billion. The 2023 billion target, based on the pace of company operations, will continue to focus on improving the permeability of the provincial market, the expansion of the Sino-Sunan market, and the development of the model city in the extra-provincial market. However, the 2025 plan will be 15 billion.
The company’s continued deployment of the extra-provincial market has become a strategic priority. In 2021, the company received only 447 million yuan in out-of-provincial revenues.
Since 2017, the company’s share of out-of-town revenue has been growing in absolute terms, and the share of out-of-provincial markets has remained very large. One of the company’s “five-initiatives” in 2023 was the construction of a national breakthrough model, targeting out-of-provincial camps in 2025.
The road, which uses Shanghai, Zhejiang, Anhui and Beijing, Shandong, Henan and Jiangxi as strategic provincial markets, establishes 10 market segments of local municipalities such as the Kanzhou, Lake County, Mamoto Hill, date-palms, and Lilang, and then expands to the surroundings after a small consumption climate has been created, in order to push the process of nationalization.
In June 2022, the company launched an internal organizational reform, implementing a sub-branded enterprise system, creating a “Ministry of Foreign Affairs” to encourage the decentralization of provincial staff, optimizing the business processes of marketing centres and offices, and preparing for a breakthrough in the foreign market.
The Department attaches great importance to the strategy of dry nationalization.7 Profit forecasts and investments suggest that we believe that the recovery in consumption in Jiangsu province, driven by post-epidemic economic activity and the recovery of consumption among the population, has led to a resurgence of consumption in the white wine market.
In combination with the company’s large core items entering the release phase, the company’s revenue growth is more certain. By way of product, the core of the four provinces, where growth is strong outside the province, the country v3 has completed the start-up, dividing the 400-and-600-dollar consumer upscaling areas within the province, is in the process of being released; and the company has established a provincial focus.
Four product strategies, with broad scope for future growth; we expect high growth in the TP+ category, and strong growth in the TA+ category, with a stronger channel power and brand advantage in the $300 price belt, fully benefiting from the upgrading of prices at the middle and upper end of the province. In addition, the company is actively setting up the current course of the world series.
In order to promote the upgrading of brand products of the world's origins, we expect that the tera category will also maintain a high but low rate of increase, and that, in addition, the company will launch a high-trenched brand revival and continue its structural upgrading of medium- and low-end products, with an overall continuing price reduction trend expected for products below category B.
Compared to Soyo Wine, the world value is average, and is close to the average for the drinking industry. The current demand for this wine is accompanied by an overall recovery in consumption after the epidemic, with a price split to watch the feast back-up to drive the higher-end and lower-end products of the company to pick up fast, while the business feast calls for recovery-led companies to expand their higher-end, sub-high-end products further, and companies to expand their product base.
The target for the end was positive, with a projected net profit from the present world from the mother-to-man factor of 24 per cent for the period 2022-2024, with a moderate low level of valuation and a better investment value in a leading company with a similar growth in performance. Profit forecasts are consistent; food beverages are comparable to the average of nine companies selected in the table.
The demand for the post-epidemic feast market has been met: parallel, Quadrified, v3 has been further released; single, lightly increased, the company as a whole has increased the risk of recurring outbreaks: the overall situation has been better since the internal outbreak was liberalized, but future increases in infection may still affect the economy and consumption recovery in some parts of the country, leading to a drop in demand for white wine terminals.
Intra-provincial competition risks: the number of white wine brands in Jiangsu province is high, overall competition is intense, and the company’s short-term core growth continues to originate in Jiangsu province, where increased competition will result in lower-than-expected growth in corporate revenue. The risk of out-provincial expansion is not as high as expected: the expansion of out-of-provincial firms is not expected to affect the company’s nationalization process.
Risks to food safety: Food safety incidents will affect consumer confidence and will affect relevant industries and companies. Data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective and equitable. The findings of the report are not shared with other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, selected clients.