The company profile: the traditional Su-su-fung wine, 17 years into accelerated development.) The company is “III”.
One of the components of the Goose River, which now has three major brands: the State, the present world, the High Gorge, the Chinese series of China's main power sub-high, the high-end price belt, the high-end price belt in the current world position, and the high- and low-end price belts covered by the Goose. 2) Equity incentives are in place, and employees are motivated.
In 05, state enterprises were transformed to expand their registered capital through the introduction of management holdings and 10 years through the introduction of middle- and middle-level cadres holding shares.
With rising intra-provincial consumption to $300+prices, firms are approaching a period of accelerated growth, with a country-to-country, four-to-one and above representing the Tea+ group as the main drivers of growth, and a country-to-country product. Corporate recycling: multi-dimensional factors such as industry, channels, competitive patterns, etc., the growth of corporate performance since 16 years.
The city government actively encourages the industry as one of the pillars of the local industry.
3) At the end of the product, the high-end price belt of Nanking, which is now over-the-counter, has been successfully met since 04, the 23 billion-year target can be replicated, and the Nanjing market has gradually developed a culture of consumption of national products, with the prevailing prices in the Nanjing region.
Period - 2023/05/07 Gradually up to 300+, with 4 openings for group purchase and the main price of the feast scene, rapidly growing to the present (603369) The present: 22 years
The company's first single item. 4) At the end of the channel, the company continues to refine its acquisition channels during the industrial adjustment period, successfully completing its evaluation objectives, opening up 23 years of business group consumption transition, long-term deep farming group acquisition channels, working with business enterprises, private enterprises, etc.
Merit -- 2023/03/13 Establishment of stable relations of hospitality, with a higher degree of stickyness than circulation channels. 5) Regional strategy, the present world (603369) The present world: a marketing department.
The regional reforms have led to flattening, intensive cultivation in the provinces, the establishment of 71 municipal offices in 17 years, and the launch of the 521 initiative, which is aimed at strengthening the 10 billion-year divide into "leading" and "run-and-run" and "run-and-run" markets.
Heading - 2023/01/05 High competition between 16 and 19 years in the deep distribution area of the Inner Ocean River, stock build-up, final downside price boards, performance adjustment periods, and development opportunities for companies.
Medium-term outlook: Ongoing expansion of sub-provincial sub-headings, leading to co-development. 1) Mainstream prices are gradually rising to 500+ and sub-high. Sub-provincial sub-ends are now the largest in-province.
Inner growth is restored. And the power of this world’s continued deep-farming groups to buy channels and the advantage of differentiated channels is still in place. Prices are growing steadily, middle-end prices are growing, the ocean is growing steadily, the world’s upper-end prices are still growing, and there is still much room for penetration, and as the company becomes less powerful and more monolithic, it is expected to accelerate.
Consumptive growth is driven by rising consumption, and the provincial pattern continues to compete for growth. At the lower end of the price line, the pattern is relatively stable, and as prices expand, the poles are expected to compete. 3) Consumption power in the province is divided and Su-China and North Su-North are gradually aligned with the current sub-susan prices.
The company is expected to continue to benefit from rising consumption in the province. In the long run: to advance the expansion of the big monolithic strategy outside the province, and to upgrade prices at the lower end of the six layouts.
Six synergetic synergisms have led to four synergizes; greater cooperation among out-of-town distributors, investment of resources; and management of progressive decentralization outside the province, increasing the efficiency of market development outside the province. At the same time, the identification of 10 large market segments, with a sharper focus on breaking the path, is expected to accelerate market breakthroughs outside the province.
In the short term: the country has grown rapidly, enjoying brand power, and is moving forward with the goal of 10 billion dollars in all directions. The public administration has accelerated the distribution of channels, the country has become soft, soft, syllable, syllable, and gradually began to deploy large regional supermarket chains, private smoke hotels, and increased product exposure at the end of the circulation.
Intra-state branding is stable, leading to the release of sub-national product lines, and is expected to accelerate growth. The demand for dinners is recovering, companies are becoming more dynamic, the country v3 weddings policy is strong, and the future is 600-700 as business scenes continue to recover.
In 23 years, the company has been moving forward with 10 billion targets, with steady growth in the use of v3 and lightly, with year-round targets of light and v3 acceleration. In the long run, the company ' s product structure has been constantly improving, with national chemical layouts not being the same.
Disincentives, marketing mechanisms that guarantee continuous follow-up, equity incentives that are gradually falling, company dynamism that is expected, faster growth capacity and regional flagship features, 28 times greater volatility according to performance in 2023, a significant decline in white and wine consumption, and a lack of development beyond expectations.
Consumption drives rapid growth, and intra-provincial patterns continue to compete
(i) One of the three brands clearly identified: the history of the former high-trenched wine factory, one of the traditional Jiangsu wines of the "twig one"
In '96, the high-trenched wine factory was on the verge of bankruptcy, and the wine industry was digging deep into alcohol culture and consumer demand to build brands of the world. In '04, it created a brand of state-owned brands, a high-powered market for white wine and alcohol consumption, with differentiated competitions, national brands rapidly developed into corporate brands, and many times became ceremonial wine for Olympic athletes.
In 19 years, the company was listed as the first company to be listed. V9 filled the company’s high-end market gap, and 22 years went by to regenerate the gulls.
For the carrier, it nurtures the cultural system of the present world and creates a distinctive brand image of the company. The company focuses closely on the "drinks" and "tins" and creates the branding status of the "Chinese culture represents the brand" and the cultural location of the "Chinese culture heirs". By focusing on the "continent culture" branding, it forms the three main "continent cultures" of the nation plus the present world" plus the Gorge.
Positioning, powering different scenes. Among them, 1) the state series strengthens the claim of "Big things come true" and focuses on the importance of the political and business scenes; 2) the world's history series, "Breaths of the nation", which emphasizes "Happiness at home, drink of the world" in the declaration, and through the culture of "By marriage", focussing on the feast scene; 3) the high ravine series, "Friends of old friends."
The world's origins: rising consumption drives rapid growth, and the pattern within the province continues to compete. Chart 2: Three branding cultures are clearly located.
Equity incentives are put in place, and employees are motivated to re-engineer with the state and to stimulate business by introducing management holdings. The changes have resulted in significant improvements in business efficiency, with profits achieved in the year 05 and further improvements in the year 05, resulting in a further shift of corporate shareholders to management in '07.
The company has undergone a number of replenishments and equity transfers, and in February of October it expanded its registered capital through the current trade of middle- and middle-level cadres and the financing of the Qui-jin trade (with 3.80% share in each share) to step up the company’s management, marketing, and technical backbone. The company was formally created in 2011 with a limited number of changes in the current world.
The 22-year renewal of the equity incentive program has motivated the workforce. The company controls the people’s government in the county, holding approximately 44.72% of the company’s shareholdings through today’s worldwide conglomerates. The overall equity structure is divided into state-owned shareholders, core executives, employee holding platforms, strategic investors & others, and the equity structure is relatively stable.
Figure 4: Corporate equity structure is stable and employees are more motivated. On August 1, 22, the company announced a new equity incentive and completed the stock award on October 10, 22, 2009.
Deduction of the non-net profit growth rate indicator. The performance of the equity incentive is evaluated in the first period of the exercise: annual non-net profit growth is no less than 52.1%, with further refinement of the performance indicator and enhanced examination of profit growth, which is expected to further release the company ' s dynamism, while this equity incentive has a wider coverage of about 345 persons and a larger coverage.
Some of the upper-middle-level cadres help to further motivate the workforce.
The trend of rising consumption in the province of Kaquim, which has accelerated in 17 years, has been: following the volatility of the industry, the higher structure of the product has accelerated its growth after 17 years.
While the impact is more evident, the company ' s timely focus on the wedding market with mainstream prices dropped slightly by the same ratio of 13 to 14 years (3 to 5 per cent). 2) 17 years to date: as consumption in the province has increased to $300 plus the price, the core brand of the company has been symmetrical and treacherous, the earlier top-end market has accelerated the development period, and 17 years of ta+octata
Classes, 21 years, 22 years of revenue and +25/23 per cent. 22 years of product in the speciala category or more account for about 92 per cent, and their China-side ratio: Māori is relatively stable, and structural upgrading drives Māori growth. The company Māori rate benefits from higher product structure, with a steady upward trend in Māori as a result of higher T + product share.
The effects of these factors include: 1) pre-promotion returns are charged directly to operating income and no longer to sales costs; 2) transportation costs are adjusted to operating costs; 3) companies increase their discounts to help distributors share the difficulties caused by the epidemic.) Consorts of the world: consumption rises drive rapid growth and provincial patterns continue to compete.
Cost side: The gross sales margin is at the level of real estate liquor, the management rate is better than most regional alcohol companies, and the trend of profit variation is closer to revenue collection. As the Māori rate rises and the sales cost rate optimizes, the overall trend continues to improve, with a gross sales margin of about 58.98% over 22 years, compared to 0.53 ptt, located in the Suai region.
As the company’s management costs are relatively stable in absolute terms, the management cost rate (including R & D costs) shows a continuous tendency to optimize, from about 8% in 2015 to 4.6% in 22 years, better than most regional alcohol companies. Corporate net profit growth is highly correlated with income growth, reflecting the fact that the core drivers of corporate profit growth are mainly productive.
The growth in revenue generated by the volume of goods and services is reflected in the multi-dimensional factors of industry, channels, competition patterns and so on.16 The growth in corporate performance has been faster than the competition in the provinces since then.
Post-accident growth continues to outpace the competitive re-performance: 13 to 15 years of industry depth adjustment, with a relatively large impact on the chain of nationalism acquired by the world's leading corporations, but the company adjusts its strategic focus in a timely manner to the world's boundaries in terms of popular prices.
The brand, while the provincial dragon river benefits from the stronger channels, and the internal market stabilizes, has led to the 14-15 years of inter-provincial growth driven by rising consumption, sustained competition for intra-provincial patterns, and a much closer rate of growth. Since 16 years, however, the growth rate in the inter-provincial province has gradually expanded beyond the inter-provincial river.
With a multi-dimensional review of industry, products, channels, regional strategies, and competition patterns, the population’s purchasing power has risen rapidly, and the mainstream price of Jiangsu-Bhai has risen to between $300 and $500. With the State Council’s “Accelerating shantytown upgrading opinion” in July 2013, the target number of shantytown conversions was 10 million in 2013-2017.
By the end of 2017, 18 million units of renovation will have been completed. As the re-monetization-driven changes in the sheds have directly affected the supply of land in unfavored cities, local “demobilized” and property have benefited from house price increases, and the wealth and purchasing power of high-end people, such as finance, have increased the income and wealth effects of rising housing prices.
The rise in consumer power has also led to rising consumption. The world’s reasons: rising consumption drives rapid growth, and provincial patterns continue to compete.
In the context of rising consumption, 300 yuan in Jiangsu Province has been growing rapidly at its last high end, and the main market price in Jiangsu has been gradually raised by 300-500 yuan in 16-17 years, taking the example of Soho's leader, the current world, the Ocean River, and the 16-year-old year-old Ta+ harvest, which has increased at a much faster rate than the Tea category, and 17 years has officially surpassed the Tea category, making it the company's largest price belt;
The Dream Blue series grew by about 56% year-on-year, rising faster than the Sea Blue, the Sky Blue Series, the provincial sub-high-end price belt, one of the pillars of local industry, and the county governments actively encouraged industrial development.
The pillars, as well as local governments, have been actively involved in the rapid growth of the company, and the government has produced a number of documents for 15-20 years to encourage the company to develop and continue to make the world’s future a local business card. The world’s origins: rising consumption drives rapid growth, and provincial patterns continue to compete for development.
Products & Channels: The country's top price belt, the company's deep-deep farming group's acquisition channels form a different advantage, the high-end white wine in the province of national positioning. The world's origins are high-end guides at the beginning of the game, and the first is the world's life.
After the launch of the national brand in 04, four of them set the price of 400-500 dollars to become the country’s most expensive over-the-counter Nanjing market in the province, growing faster with rising consumption. With 15 years, mainstream prices in the province began to grow.
With a gradual increase to 300+, the country's openings cut into the province's mainstream price belts, four of which are slightly higher than the popular consumer price belts, and the main price bands for group purchases, banquets, and fast-growing into the company's number one single item. Its Chinese line, the Nanjing market, with its pre-existing layout and strong consumer power, has evolved into a national product since 04.
The consumption climate has laid the foundation for the accelerated development of the Nanjing region since 16 years, and the cumulative price belt has been rising, the internal market has grown faster, and in 19 it has surpassed the core base market in the Xiao 'an region. Deep-farmers buy more and their customers are more sticky.
Rivers vary from channel to channel. 1) The company’s product is well positioned for group purchasing. The company’s secondary high-end price belt, which was created earlier in 2004 as a national brand positioning business consumption scene, has been more successful in entering the group buying channel. 2) Business consumption has shifted to business groups after 12 years of spending restrictions.
Gradual upgrades to sub-high-end prices, companies ' continued deep-farming channels, the transition from government to business groups, the start of service to business clients and wedding groups, and the continuation of group purchasing advantage. As competitors enter the channel, companies further absorb high-quality group buyers and distributors, acquire group purchasing resources, and the number of intra-provincial distributors is steadily increasing.
Although the number of distributors in this province is far lower than in the Ocean River, the size of the single-market sector is much higher, reflecting the relatively strong advantage of the group as the individual group buys more resources from its customers. As the company continues to deepen its advantage of the channel, it has established more stable business cooperation with the provincial enterprises, with the latter having a higher share of the channel than the ocean river.
High. As a result of the increased emphasis on customer resources and relationship maintenance, companies have long-term deep farming channels, establishing stable relations with business firms, private enterprises, etc., and more sticky customers compared to the circulation channels. Even in the 13-14 year industry adjustment period, companies have consolidated their advantages through package-making agreements, return-benefit policies, and so on.
(a) The world's boundaries: consumption upgrades drive rapid growth, and provincial patterns continue to compete for development;
Fourteen years ago, the company operated mainly 13 local marketing centres in the province, and in 16 years the company promoted a flat-down organizational structure, merging the original 13 local municipalities into six regions. The organization was further accelerated over 18 years, with the company eliminating the local marketing centre and changing it to a regional system.
At the end of the sales side, the company continues to operate with intensive regional farming and end refinement. As the channels continue to sink, the company sales team continues to grow, with the number of company sales workers rising from 621 in 16 to 1214 in 22 years.
From 20% to 28%, the company’s precision management of the terminals is further enhanced by the fact that consumption has increased rapidly, and the pattern of intra-provincial development continues to compete.
In 19 years, the market was further deepened, and the division of the sub-districts and sub-districts of the province into “leading”, “run-and-run” and “run-and-run” markets were implemented. The number of intra-provincial distributors continued to increase and the number of intra-provincial offices continued to grow, from 280 in 16 to 415 in 21
In 19 years, there were 12 to 28 new “leading” markets in the province. Competition patterns: the provincial competition for entry into depth adjustment periods, which brought about rapid corporate growth; the gradual entry of the ocean river into the adjustment period in 16-19 years; and the opportunity for rapid development in the world.
In terms of distribution patterns, the depth of the present world sells with a higher degree of loyalty. In the early years, the river used 1+1 depth distribution, the plant had a greater voice in the channel, and the distributor needed to make a payment, enter a lower threshold, and compete with each other.
In contrast, the current world has a 1+1-high-level marketing model, the establishment of marketing companies in cooperation with distributors, the introduction of sub-products, subregional management, ensuring objective profit margins for distributors, and a higher motivation for distributors, while in the present world: consumption upgrades drive rapid growth, and provincial patterns continue to compete for development.
Each region is an exclusive distributor with a higher degree of loyalty. In addition, the factory-led system of 1+1+n, in collaboration with the manufacturer, helps companies to achieve full-source marketing control, fine-tuning management, and is supported by a system of deep synergies.
In terms of prices, the frequent price increases in Yeon Ha Province have had limited success, and there are price reversals under the stock backlog. As a result of the intense network in Yoon Ha Province, competition among distributors has been intense, further weakening the profits of the channels. Meanwhile, the distributors, in order to return the money, have been constantly making payments to the producers, and have been able to sell them at a low price.
In-depth distribution models for end-products are extended to the whole product line, and high-quality distributors, led by manufacturers, have difficulty taking advantage of the pool of customer resources and lack of marketing power. Thus, in a context of higher stocking, rigidity, and low marketing power, repeated price increases over 16 to 19 years have had limited effect on terminal transmissions, further exacerbating the channels.
Low prices led to price reversals in the provinces in 18-19.
(i) Jiangsu market: the mainstream price belt has been gradually upgraded to 500+, and the sub-high ends have continued to expand. Jiang Su Bai has a strong cultural culture, and the Gang Huai's strong white wine, which is represented by the "Twig One River", is concentrated at a medium level of 42-46 degrees, which is somewhat different from the high white wine.
Consumption Insight White Paper, Jiangsu's average per capita use of white wine is about 4.4, ranking ninth in the country. With the steady increase in consumption power in the province, both the size of white wine and the mainstream price belt are rising.
The market for white wine in Jiangsu is about $50-60 billion. On the price side, as consumption power continues to increase, the province has experienced several rounds of major price shifts, ranging from $80-120 in the early years to $120-280 in 09-12, gradually rising after 17 years.
Figure 25: Price belt structure of Jiangsu Liquor Chart 26: Mainary price belt continues to rise Price pattern of competition: Future provincial melody remains a champion
Ocean Rivers: The gradual restructuring of the province and the return to growth in 21 years. After experiencing the collapse of the prices of goods in the province, the present world: rising consumption drives rapid growth, the pattern in the province continues to compete, high stocking and high cargo runs, the company has continued to carry out full-scale reforms for 19 years, and has gradually made adjustments.
From the organizational point of view, the company appointed Liu Xingshan, a senior member of the Senate, to serve as the director of Sioux Liquor Trading Co. Ltd., who had been involved in the creation and nationalization of the blue classic series, and after taking office, the company succeeded in creating the second-high-end single-sport dream 6+, which promoted steady growth of the company's second-high-end price belt; and from the channel, it moved from deep distribution to deep distribution.
Changed to “one-size-fits-all” and selected a more powerful channel in each market for price stabilization, distributed in conjunction with small local distributors, to prevent price disruptions within the regional distribution team, and to take steps to optimize the quantity and quality of distributors in the province; and, from a test mechanism, the sales team was changed from a rigid to a soft test.
Nuclear, to avoid heavy pressure on goods; 19 years have been defined as a high-quality year for products such as the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky, and so on, to improve the quality of products by increasing the amount of old wine and prolonging the stock of original wine. By means of the overall adjustment, the market in Yoo Ha Province has been growing since 21, 22 years, with the same market receipts as +21 per cent and +15 per cent.
In the present world, there is still a difference of advantage between the acquisition channels of deep-dought groups. The current world is more focused on the cultivation of the channels than in the past, and is constantly developing new types of group purchasing scenes, customers, such as direct sales to the business supersystems, priority group purchasing units, the development of new group purchasing scenes such as the 4s stores, and the 21-year addition of out-of-the-way shopping scenes, high-end clubs, etc.
New channels, such as banking cooperative organizations such as the Bank Client Sorority, brand joints (with ido) and the strengthening of the circle for high-line, high-end products, the creation of v99 unions, high-end conservatories, v9 study halls, and the nurturing of the stickyness of the group's clients. According to the feedback from the channels, the provincial groups are now buying about 60%, still higher than the river, and we believe that the company's procurement channels are the first.
Intra-provincial cities still have room for improvement, and future sub-provincial melodys continue to compete. According to city rates, the intra-provincial market is less than 50% cr2 (the ocean river plus the present world) and faces competition for wine, the ocean river, and the present world.
As a regional leader, product levels are concentrated at 42-46 degrees, better suited to the main consumption habits of Jiangsu markets than 52 degrees of provincial wine; we believe that, as the leaders continue to refine the provincial regions, the channels are expected to be further demonstrated, and brand power is maintained, the price belts are expected to be further advanced.
At the mid-to-high end of the price belt, the blue monolith of the ocean has grown steadily, and there is still more room for penetration of the upper end of the world. At the middle end of the province, the upper end of the price belt has become the upper-to-medium price after years of plowing through the blue of the ocean.
The bulk of the monoliths are about 40% of the company’s blue classic series. And the world’s current focus on sub-high-end price belt products, with lower medium-high-end prices, is about 26.5% of the revenue from the 22-year special category, and there is still room for uplifting compared to the ocean river, and the growth of medium-high-end product is expected to accelerate as the company becomes less powerful at home, single-end, and medium-high-end price belts.
On the lower end of the price belt, the pattern is relatively stable, and the world's borders are wide open, and the river's m6+ has become the dominant single item at the lower end, reflecting the province's recognition of Su's brand power. With the relative stability of the competition pattern, we believe that the future sub-high end of the province's melody is dominated by the competitive development of dragonheads, which is driven by price-banded expansion, including 1)300-600.
Consumption growth is driven by rapid growth, and intra-provincial patterns continue to compete for development. The price belt, which is expected to grow steadily as the dominant price belt in the province, is expected to grow faster with large monoliths of the country on the horizon, and is expected to grow faster than the average in the province, with the major monolithics on the ocean.
Dream 6+, second-largest monolithic is relatively blank, while the v3 of the present world is in its nurturing phase, with a low rate of city occupancy, and there is still an acceleration of (iii) the regional pattern within the province: the prices of the company ' s products are well-structured and continuously benefiting the regions, with three major brands covering all price bands.
A matrix of products with various price bands, the Chinese series is mainly secondary, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-speed, high-end, high-speed, high-end, high-end, low-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end business scenes.
The company created a national brand as early as '04, using wine for political business scenes, with the core monolithic symphony, four overlaying sub-high-end price bands, and launched the v3-v6 series in '09, followed by the V series, which was further upgraded to the Crystal V system in 18 years, and the V9 Qing Yasa top-end band in 19 years, and the 23 year series.
Country opens six times and furthers the high-line sub-high-end upgrading of the market. Another national brand is supplemented by a series of ks, covering the sub-high-end feasts, filling the market gap in the 100-dollar price belt with the lightly and softly produced products of the Arsenal Division. 2) The world's fate: the need for the caterer to build the d20 monoliths. The company continues to comb the world-end brands, sku, and integrates the bc class.
The product is currently dominated by a collection of products, with the main sales item d15, which focuses on the development of the d20 product layout, the effort to produce a large single item size, a 200-400-dollar mainstream table price belt in the province of Cabin, and an orderly layout d30. 3) High ravine: covering daily consumption scenes, a concentrated high-light bottle track. High ravine brands are currently relatively low.
The main product is the Saffron series, which was launched in August 22 by the company ' s high-trenched branding strategy and new product marketing conference, which launched the high-trenched specimen series 1995, the high-trenched specimens — black, high-trenched specimens — white labels, and the 2023 marketing programme, which further clarified the brand name of the high-trenched brand for the rejuvenation of wine and the concentration of high-light bottles.
(a) In terms of consumption power, the economic development of the province has been divided, with Subei and Su-China as a whole lagging behind in the south of the country in terms of housing, Xiaoan and Salt City.
The North Subei region, represented by Yan, Tai and South China, has a lower per capita level of gdp than the more economically developed South Sudan region. (2) North Subei is located in the main production area of the San Goi River, with a relatively strong spirit of wine and a dominant monolithic property.
Liquor is dominated by ocean blues, sky blues, treasures of the world's origins for 10/15 years, and Tangu brands. The Su-China economy is located in the middle and middle of the province and the market is relatively open, but the province as a whole is dominated by the ocean/day/dream blues of the ocean's rivers, the interstate of the world's origins/the world's intertwines, and the foreign brands consist of the ancient 8/sengine South Spring Crystal Swords, etc.
3) The company is expected to benefit from major price escalations in Sino-Sioux. According to the wine, Sino-North mainstream prices are about $100-300, and Sino-Sioux mainstream prices are about $200-400. With the steady rise in the consumption power of Sino-Sioux, the mainstream price belt is expected to gradually align itself to the current Sino-Sioux region, so that Sino-Sioux North 300+ sub-high prices will carry them.
In view of the continued expansion of the Su-China and Su-North regions, where the habit of drinking real-estate white wine is more evident, we believe that the country of the present world can benefit further from rising prices in Su-China and North, while companies continue to streamline their current-day brands and product lines, increasingly focusing on the dominant collection series, and are expected to gain further access to the Su-China region and the Salt City region.
We believe that the Huaihai region is expected to grow steadily, despite its relatively high market maturity, as circulation channels increase and mainstream prices increase, while the Su-China, Huaihai, Salt City regions benefit from the main price escalation in Su-China and North, the low market penetration rate, the focus of the world's present-day conglomerates, and the introduction of new products.
The impact of these factors has continued to grow faster. In South Sudan, where competition has been intense, v3, where business consumption has increased, and the Nanjing model, which continues to be radioactive. The Southern region has more advanced economies, more consumer power, and the dominant price belts in cities like Nanjing have been raised.
300-600 dollars, of which 600 dollars is the price to be replaced by 400 dollars, and 400 dollars is the principal price to be used for business. Competitivity in the world: rising consumption drives rapid growth, and the provincial pattern continues to compete for development.
Wells, swordsandn spring, water wells, sheds, wines, some of the wine brands, such as wines, wines, and state-owned brands, are focused on the South Sudan market. The real estate wine companies are also actively promoting consumption in the South Sudan market.
The price belt is expected to continue to expand as the South Sudan business price line rises to 500-800.V3 In the past 22 years, short-term price plate fluctuations were caused by poor end-c culture and b end-coordination, and as the public division continued to strengthen end-c culture in end-v3, the price plate has now stabilized, with an increase of more than 100 per cent in the province since the beginning of the year, v has been sold at a cost of more than 100 per cent in the province.
As the company continues to grow up to v3, with the upgrading of the main price belts, while business prices are higher, after many years of intensive company farming, there is a clear advantage in the group purchasing channel, which has become a large single item with a price of $400-500, and is expected to increase steadily.v After the adjustment period, it is expected to accelerate the release of the bulk of the business acquisition channels.
The Department has set up a branch in Suzhou, emphasizing factory ownership, increased market access, team input, and promotion of the V system. The Nanjing sample market is also expected to provide continuous radiation to the south of the country.
In the early years, the company’s out-of-town market was slower and lower, but it began to grow faster after 19 years. The company began to expand out-of-town, mainly through the cooperative regional majors. 14 years of the company’s “comprehensive planning, emphasis on breakthroughs, staircase development, rolling development”
Lu, over 16 years, the strategic approach to the products of “the present world” was further refined, with a focus on “2+4+n”, i.e. 2 (Beijing, Shanghai) cities, 4 provinces surrounding Zhejiang, Anhui, Shandong, Henan), n other priority districts. Following the company’s continuous layout and strategic adjustments outside the province, the rate of growth in the outlying camps has gradually been exceedingly high since 18 years.
Intra- and intra-provincial revenues increased by 66.2 per cent in 19 and about 447 million yuan in 21 years for 7 priority provincial markets, corresponding to 36 per cent of total revenues, 7 per cent in 22 years for 7 per cent of total revenues, slightly less than the rate of intra-provincial increases, mainly due to control of the epidemic in the off-provincial market, 23 years of return to the countryside, active fund-raising in the provinces, and public prices with products
According to the company’s 14th Plan, the out-of-town target is more than 20%, and we believe that the out-of-town ratio is expected to make steady progress toward the 14th Plan as the output is focused and the inputs are strengthened. The world’s reasons are: rising consumption drives rapid growth, and the provincial pattern continues to compete.
We believe that the pace of corporate development outside the province is slow or related to the early focus due to lack of focus on products, the fragmentation of product lines, the concentration of resources within the province, and the potential for development outside the province as the output outside the province is focused, inputs are strengthened, and the product line is focused on large monoliths. In the past, there were more branded products in the world, there was a lack of large monolithics outside the province, and companies continued to do so.
To promote product-type streamlining, 17 years of basic access to world-oriented products outside the province, and the consolidation of a small, low-scaling regional product: 18 years of companies further streamlining 102 regional bc products, 20 years of integrated operations across the world d20, 22 years of further clean-up of the market creation of national plates and the creation of fragmented markets with the characteristics of the present world.
With the rise of prices in 23 years, the company has made it clear that it needs to be nationalized, with a proposal to upgrade from four high-ends to six co-ordinated pairs. 2) Resources are invested: more extra-provincial resources are being invested. Early advertising is taking place in the province, except for 17 years as a whole.
In addition to a slight contraction in costs, advertising accounted for about 60% in 16, 18 years in the provinces, and the focus on resources is still on the ground. In 19 years, the company showed a significant increase in national advertising, which rose to 47%, and is expected to raise its brand profile.
On the platform, mainly through strategic collaboration with national media, such as the China Vision, the Xinhua Society, and the company's branding of a high-speed train to raise the profile of the long-radio triangle through the high-iron brand brand: public relations events, the company's further participation in cultural forums such as China Brand Day and the "Night of the Nation": at the end of the new media, the company launched the "Grateful Lives"
In February 23, the company joined forces with the news media to speed up branding. With the investment of corporate resources, the company’s sales costs have continued to rise, at $1.390 billion for 22 years, compared to +44 per cent. In addition, the number of out-of-country distributors has steadily increased, from 245 in 16 years.
In addition, the company will continue to build extra-provincial teams, the number of which is expected to double in the future, and will increase the frequency and intensity of extra-provincial decentralization. 3) Extra-provincial decentralization, which will continue to focus on the path: the company has further developed its “2+5+n” strategy in 18 years.
In addition, the provincial market in Jiangxi Province has been strengthened, and a pilot project has been set up to increase regional operational efficiency and autonomous decision-making. For 20 years, the company has further established the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which has been renamed the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for 22 years, and has increased the efficiency of the development of the market outside the province. 23 years, based on the Conference on the Development of the Future, the company has further proposed the establishment of 10 district markets (Kading, Gashing, Lake County, Hu)
♪ The world's most important markets ♪ ♪ The state, the saddle mountains, the dates, the rims, the rims, the rims, the rims ♪ ♪ the river ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪ ♪ the sea ♪
In April 2023, the company launched a new launch. At the conference, the company presented a major track for sub-higher-end, but will need to focus on the 600-9000 price belt, the new sub-high-end price belt is becoming a high-end business consumption.
Sub-high-end consumer upgrades. Six to give priority to extra-provincial layouts, companies to upgrade extra-provincial planning to national boundaries, co-opting and synergizing, and creating high-end brands for out-of-provincial markets. On the channel, six pairs of distributors will have a six-month trial evaluation, with half-consumptions in the price system, with sub-optimal, flexible and balanced controls, and non-recruiting.
In the region, the model markets of Anhui, Hebei, Shandong are about to be launched. In terms of promotion, companies are making innovative marketing efforts and, if it works well, it will be further replicated.
Liquor has grown faster in the short term, we believe, through six priority areas outside the province.
This is the end of the world: rising consumption is driven by rapid growth, the internal patterns of the province continue to compete, the image of the outside is high, the penetration of the country is accelerated, and the next similar price belt in the province is expected to benefit from the six-open branding image, plus five, short-term: the country enjoys a low level of appreciation, and the whole spectrum is moving forward with rapid growth.
Intra-provincial: Regional structures are clearly fragmented, and there is still much room for improvement in non-core regions. Structuredly, the regional structure of the company is more marked, with the 22-year core regions of Huai An, Nanjing accounting for about 45 per cent, and the sub-regions of Sonam, Su, Central, Salt City, and Para-Maritime accounting for between 10 and 15 per cent, and we believe that the core regions of the company are further developed and mainstreamed along the channels.
Sales and other operations outside of the province of Nissu-Sa-Sun-Ti, Nanjing District of Huai-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-S-Su-Su-Su-S-Su, S-Su-Su-Su-Si, S-Si, S-S-S-Su-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S
Increased support for circulation channels, increased marketing, marketing support for distributors, increased circulation fees, increased mobility of distributors, low-intensity, softness, rectangularity, and the beginning of a gradual distribution process, large regional supermarket chains, private smoke hotels, and greater exposure of products at the end of circulation. We believe that there are traditional advantages.
Consumptions in the world: fast growth driven by rising consumption, steady growth in the intra-provincial pattern and increased penetration of the distribution channels are expected to drive companies to accelerate the collapse of core markets. And, because of the focus of companies in the past, large singles, low-priced, low-country, single-opening ratios.
At the same time, at the same time, the ocean and sky have been growing for many years, while the ocean blues and sky blues have been growing for many years.
The relative transparency of profit and the relatively small size of the channel and the higher profit margins are expected to boost the accelerated growth of the channel. We believe that the lowness of the country is expected to continue to grow faster, thanks to a relatively small price of $100-150 from the South African region, a relatively high Māori rate from the channel, and a slower weight from the national origin.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, the demand for the previously repressed feasts continues to recover. According to research sources, five or a few extra vacations are coming to a climax, the provincial hot-gate weddings, the hotel and hotel are basically full, and the base for last year's banquets is low, and the venue is expected to be 23 years old.
In the context of the rapid recovery of the feasts, the company has stepped up its policy of increasing the number of wedding receptions in phase V3 and has promoted a rise in the consumption of the 51-v3 wedding dinners in Piti, with a future expansion of 600-7000 prices and greater penetration in the city of State v3 as business scenes continue to recover.
In 23 years, the goal is clear and multi-dimensional. Based on the 2023 World Development Congress, the company has further developed the “521” initiative, which is to deepen the five-fold initiative, promote two major upgrades, achieve one goal, and hit the $10 billion target with all its efforts. We believe that the company will work together from the multi-dimensional dimensions of products, channels, publications, etc., to make steady progress towards the billion goal.
Focusing on four big singles, v is expected to accelerate growth. 23 years of corporate branding and the launch of the Three-Year Action Plan for Brand Upgrading. Companies are further focusing on singles, national branding has been upgraded to a new generation of high-end white wine in China, and nationalism has been established as a nationalized supermonity.
Prices have been upgraded, v9 Qing Yasa has been combing the brand image, and the company has restructured the v9 Enterprise into the Ministry of State v, including the introduction of the "Four Wars" v to fight hard.)) Declarations: The Culture of Focus, which creates the "Golves, Quality Life P", "Type Nationalism, Culture Chinese P, Healthy China P" cultural objects.
At the same time, the company will continue to focus on consumer development, and it is expected that in 2023 it will open 1,000 brand shops, contract 10,000 nuclear projects, and boost the motivation of distributors. 4) Region: Focus on the Market of the Blocks. The province will continue to work in depth, implementing 10 billion city projects.
(a) The tera+ group: the product is the company's main collection, with the core monolithic country at four levels and the opposite at one level: the current world: consumption upgrades drive rapid growth, and the provincial pattern continues to compete.
Mainly, v is a relatively low percentage. With the upgrading of the provincial backbone price belt, v3 is expected to continue to cut into high-line sub-high-end prices and to accelerate growth, and therefore it is expected that the structure within the product category will be further upgraded; and companies are expected to identify their countries as large national monoliths, and with the continued refinement of the provincial regions, the Sino-Sioux mainstream price belts have steadily increased.
Only four price bands: the company further strengthens the development of intra- and intra-provincial channels of communication, and further outreach outside the province, with the expectation that 2) (a) Taia products are dominated by a series of state-friendly, monolithic, and some of the world’s present-day collections. The company has continued to focus on a single, low-end share of the accurate market for 22 years, and low-end products continue to be distributed in a 100-200 series of state-of-the-state series
The product structure of this world is expected to improve further and develop robustly as the sku-focused core products continue to be streamlined. It is expected that the product collection for this category will be 23-25 years, compared to 3)) other products: a-d product companies account for a lower share, mainly part of the product chain and high ravine production.
With the company’s 23-year rejuvenation in high ravine, the concentration of high light bottles, and the identification of a high ravine sales company in one of the four branches of the structure, the strategic status of the high ravine is further enhanced, and high ravine products are expected to develop at a high rate. Taken together, v is considered to be accelerated, the national cleavage is growing steadily, and the structure of the world’s products continues to be optimized.
1) Māori ratio: As the TA+ share of Māori is rising steadily with a high Māori ratio, while corporate spending is gradually tending towards (2) cost ratio: the company is expected to maintain a robust cost ratio and cost spread across all channels, and overall marketing end cost ratio. In the short term, the company is expected to benefit from rising consumption in the province, with steady and steady spending across all sectors, and less generous and v3 acceleration.
In the long run, the structure of the company's products has continued to improve, the nationalization has continued, the marketing mechanisms have ensured continuous follow-up, the world's present-day context: rising consumption is driven by rapid growth, the pattern within the province continues to compete, competition in the province has increased, major management flaws in the company have occurred, macroeconomic fluctuations have increased, and the consumption of white wine has increased.
Large drops, out-of-the-way unexplored, VIII.A.8.Appendix - Values of Corporate Products, Regional Dubs: (i) Volumes of Products Reverses: Total price rises in Tera and above, 22 years of product
A further increase in the volume of products above a. Stable growth, benefiting from 22 years of popular spring return prices, national brand power to boost the welfare system, single-opening volume, rapid increase in sales, 29 per cent of the same, other product categories, as the structure of the company ' s products increases and the continued focus on the country
In terms of ton prices, the product structure is clearly segregated, with a slight drop in overall batch prices over 22 years, which is expected to result from the firm’s increased discounts. The total price of ta+ ton rose flatly, with a price of approximately $439.2 million per kilolitre for 22 years, compared with 2.82 per cent.
The total price of the taa category is stable and the total price of the taa+ product has remained essentially stable at 41-43 million yen per kilolitre for 16-22 years. The overall tonnage price has increased in 21 years, mainly with the increase in the TA+ ratio, which is higher in tons, as well as the country of the company core.
The upgrade was achieved, with the introduction of the fourth generation of the nation-wide product, promoting the TA+-type tonnage ratio +11%. In addition, for 21 years, the company also raised the price of the TA-type products, pushing the price back in the TA-type tonnage.
(ii) Regional rediscovery: The Luan Base market has been growing steadily and the provincial market has expanded in Nanjing for the catch-all province: 18 years the company has divided the provincial regions into six regions: Huaian, Nanjing, Salt City, Sunan, Su-chung, Huaihai. Overall, the base market has shown a steady growth trend, with caagr gathering of about 15 per cent in 17-22 years; and, at the same time,
With Nanjing at its core, the Nanjing region was ranked first in terms of intra-provincial revenues in 19 years, with cagr receiving around 29% in 17-22, which is higher than most of the provinces. Through the influence of Nanjing, the provincial capital, the company gradually irradiated other regions of Su-China and North, with Su-China/Susan/Salin City and Huaihai cagr, respectively.
BASIC — Bi-Ann Region: The company originates in Huai An Shui County, the city of Huaian is a company-based market, and the area of the present life is well cultivated and has a high level of market ownership. The whole of the region has been growing steadily, with cagr collected in 17-22 years, about 15%, driven mainly by the continuing price escalation in the mainstream, as the number of dealers in the district has remained stable and sold in 22 years.
Forty-eight businesses, with regional sales stabilizing as consumption structures rose, with sales of about 2 per cent in 17-22 years, while tonnage prices were equal to those of the dominant market, the Nanjing region: the early entry into the Nanjing Business Group buys market, the high recognition of the state by the Nanjing Business Core Consumer Group, the acceleration of the four-card-based Main Prices, and the continued upgrading of the Nanjing Main Prices, the acceleration of the South.
As the channel continues to grow, the provincial pattern continues to compete, tilling and sinking, the regional occupancy rate continues to rise, adding to the mainstream prices of the Nanking market, and the Nanjing region continues to do so in 17-22 years.
There is still room for further increases in future prices as Nanjing market consumption rises. We believe that the consumption of white wine in Nanjing market in the high-cost provinces has a sticking effect in the province, and that as the Nanjing market continues to expand, it is expected to be radioactive in other regions: with the continued rise in prices in Su-China and North, the company’s sales in Su-jung and North were maintained in 17-22.
Mainly due to the continued deep-deeping and sinking of channels, the number of distributors has increased significantly, from 52 in 17 years to 108 in 22 years, driving up about 14 per cent of the year ' s cagr, mainly driven by a ton price increase, 17-22 years of sales in the salt city region, the main cagr fraction of prices, the company ' s continued increase in inputs from the South Sudan region, the acceleration of the downfall in the South Sudan region and the number of dealers
The South Sudan region still has a lot of room for growth as the region deepens its cultivation and the development of high-end sub-end products, v. The present-day context: rising consumption drives rapid growth, and the provincial pattern continues to compete for development
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report