Building material for the North (000786), the cast plate is solid, the two-wing fabric situation stands out for the Southwest Securities Institute.
:: Events: The company published its 2024 annual report, and in 2024 it achieved a total operating income of 25.820 billion yuan, a robust cardboard operation and a high increase in the two-wing layout. 1) Sub-products: castpads, bone bones, waterproof rolls, waterproofing works, coatings generated $13.11 billion (-4.8 per cent), $2.29 billion (-0.1 per cent) and $3.32 billion respectively.
(b) Subregionally, the overall Māori ratio is robust and increases in cost. 1) Māori ratio: the overall Māori ratio of companies is the same, with sales rates increasing by 1.4 percentage points to 5.6 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of higher sales costs of paint operations and M&As
This results in an increase in the cost of sales. The management cost rate and the financial cost rate are relatively robust, with the combined cost rate increasing by 1.9 percentage points over the same period. 3) Net sales interest rate: overall, net sales interest rate dropped by 1.4 percentage points over the same period.
(a) The branding of brands will continue to promote nationalization. 1) Topping, which will meet multiple needs: expand the new gypsum plus, introduce innovative products such as the Ruban all-power board, the Phoenix high-strength plate, the Imaging Mountain series, within-house co-consolidation of paints, waterproof products, and the introduction of a home-loaded whole-product application system covering hydro-wood oil.
Markets, advancing global layouts: Focus on four major regions: South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, the Mediterranean Rim and Europe, with the advance of overseas project ladders.
M&As drive the growth of outreach operations, complete the restructuring of Gabriel and bring about the production of paint from North China to North China (000786): a two-wing, diversified layout that extends to the whole country; and the re-engineering of bridge paint to further enrich the system of industrial paint products and expand the Chinese market.
A strong business position (2024-11-05) The current favourable policies in the real estate market, such as “stopping the slide back” and “safe house”, and downstream demand are expected to recover gradually, and companies, as gypsum, waterproof and paint head companies, will recover significantly in the beneficiary industries.
The company’s combined competitiveness is high, the two-wing layout is working well, looking at the company’s performance elasticity, and maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Assuming that 1: as the real estate industry stops coming back steady, the demand for renovations will continue to recover, and it is expected that the gypsum will be sold in 2025-2027.
Assumption 2: As the real estate sector stops and stabilizes, urban renewals and the upgrading of old neighbourhoods continue, it is expected that the demand for water-resistant rolls and paints will continue to recover, that the company will fully exploit its own channel advantages, that it will continue to increase market ownership, that the harvest will not be caused, and that it will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.