“Standing by two wings”, negative growth in performance - annual report on the 2024 review of new materials in North (000786.sz) 27 March 2025, annual report on new materials in North: 2024
In 2024, the company responded positively to the complexities of deep market adjustment, with steady and steady performance and negative growth. In 2024, public internationalization continued to grow. Water-proof operations broke out and generated business income of 46.62.
One billion yuan, a 1.880 per cent increase in the same year, and a net profit of 164 million yuan, a 6.61 per cent increase in the same year; the deep integration of the paint business into development, which achieved $3.6 billion in operating income, and the same growth; and the firm push for a “one wing, global layout”. By the end of 2024, the company had formed.
With a total of 3,563 million square metres of effective production capacity on the cast board, the market share of the cardboard product market is ranked first in the national cardboard industry, the world’s largest slab-lighted bone production group. In the first half of 2024, the company produced brand-a-plate waterproof rolls and waterproof slurry.
At the beginning of the year, the company completed the restructuring of Gabriel, expanding its paint production from the northern part of China to the whole country, restructuring bridge paints at the end of the year, further enriching the system of industrial paint products, and expanding the market.
In addition, in the context of internationalization, the corporate sector has focused on the four major regions of South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, the Mediterranean Rim and Europe, moving forward with overseas projects.
“Go Out” is being implemented in stages, pre-positioning the dominant industry gypsums, following up on the negative growth of performance - new constructions in the North (000786.sz) water, paint industry layouts, foreign sales, revenue collection, profit and profit ratio.
2024.10.29 Quarterly Review Report 2024.10. `The One Wings' layout has been further refined, with a negative projection of profits and investment ratings: the company is the largest slabed steel skull industry group in the world.
\triangleright semi-annual report, 2024.08.26. Water and paint operations are “two wings flying” and internationalization continues to grow.
Each valuation was 27.1 times greater, maintaining an “enhanced” rating. Demand was not as high as expected; competition in the water and paint industries increased; prices of raw materials changed significantly.
Please read the text carefully and have the exemption clause for this report. Without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. The paper clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Lew, to the extent that you know it, you have no interest in the securities evaluated or recommended, in your company, in yourself, and in your property.