The gypsum is still resilient, and the internal and external drivers helped the two-wing operation to take off on March 28, 2025: the annual report 2024 was published by the North. In 2024, the company achieved business income of $25,821 million.
New wood construction in the north (000786.sz) increased by 15.14 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers by $3.647 billion, increased by 3.49 per cent over the same year; net loss to non-retroactivity by 1.50 per cent over the same period; net profit to mothers by $502 million, decreased by 34.65 per cent over the same period; net profit to non-retroactivity to mothers by 34.65 per cent over the same period
The gypsum has a short-term pressure on revenue, but the business is still resilient. In 2024, the company's light-quality construction industry achieved 17,598 million yuan, or 2.93 per cent of the total, of which the gypsum/delebs earned operating income separately.
This is due to increased competition in the gypsum industry in 2024, the decline in sales and average prices of corporate gypsum boards, which in 2024 were 2,171 million square metres, or 0.05 per cent less than the previous year. However, the company continues to deepen its “triple management”, strengthen control over production costs, and maintain a reverse growth in the “one-size” Māori ratio, 2024.
The annual corporate cardboard/drawbone business Māori ratio of 38.51 per cent to 18.98 per cent, compared to $1 billion, increased by 87.59 per cent the same year, raised overseas revenues significantly, and will contribute more performance gains abroad as the company becomes more productive in its offshore base capacity.
In the water-proof business, the company introduced the new North Renovation Business System, focusing on old and renovating markets, expanding the market space, leading to the expansion of the water-resistant business, which generated revenue of 3,322 million yuan in 2024, compared to 19,32 per cent in the paint business.
As a result of Gabriel's efforts, in 2024, Gabriel achieved a business income of $3.20 billion in paint, and after deductions, the mother made a net profit of $336 million. After Gabriel's reorganization, the company's coatings were expanded from North China to the whole country. In addition, at the end of 2024, the company restructured the bridge paint to further enrich the company's paint industry.
The operating cash flow performed well, with a continued high-scoring red ratio. The increase in the cost of sales and management costs during the company period in 2024 was mainly due to the increase in the costs associated with the new merger and acquisition of subsidiaries.
The net operating cash flow of the new North Division is $5,134 million, an increase of 8.45 per cent over the same period, and the company's operating cash flow insurance investment proposal: as the company's “one wing” strategy accelerates its deployment, the three major players are expected to grow steadily.
In addition to the company's ongoing efforts to secure cast boards and “paste plus” operations, the company's announcement of its investment abroad, and the project to build a 20 million m2 annual cast plate production line, the company's cardboard operations will be further expanded with the release of capacity, thereby consolidating the gypsum head position,
The company will continue to double-drive its “two-wing” operations through in-house + outreach, and the scale of its water and paint operations is expected to continue to expand. At the same time, the company’s overseas operations are fast-tracked, and it is expected to contribute more.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.