Equity incentives reflect development confidence, and in- and out-of-the-board extension opens up new developments Events: companies issue restrictive stock incentive schemes (drafts). 1) Restricted shares to be awarded Targeted increases for up to 347 persons, including company directors, senior managers, etc.
The value of value added improvement is eva>0; in addition to the above performance appraisal targets, companies are required to fulfil the STI targets set by their parent offices.
The company's strategic implementation of the One Wing, Global Layout supports its business performance goals, and, by doing hard-working gypsum and gypsum plus, the company's gypsum business is expected to maintain relative stability in prices, continuously raise its share and consolidate its market position; waterproof and paint.
Business integration and synergies have gradually emerged, promising continued expansion and rapid growth. In terms of internationalization, the four major regions – South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, Europe, and the Mediterranean – have focused on regionalization, global layout, and high growth prospects for overseas operations.
The company previously announced that it had a wholly-owned subsidiary, North New, "New Materials in the North (000786): 3-quarterly report 2024. The paints are to be combined with the painting of the Zhejiang Bridge, and the company will hold the Zhejiang Bridge together when the transfer is completed.
Review: Performance met expectations, with 51.4169% share in the cast board. Industrial protection coatings at Zhejiang Bridge Painting Camp, applied to traditional industrial protection, lifts, and two-wing expansion effect.
Infrastructure protection, chemical energy, marine engineering protection, specialized industrial fields, etc., collected $424 million in 2023, making a net profit of $3.9 billion. Through acquisition companies, industrial paint will be marketed in the East China region, expanding industrial paint production capacity and further enriching the company ' s paint product system;
North New Building (000786): Biannual report 2024, which will facilitate future business linkages between Zhejiang Bridge and the company's existing industrial paint business
• Prospective returns and investment ratings: as corporate reform deepens, in companies “one wing, one wing, one wing, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot, one foot.
Under the strategic direction of Global Layout, the gypsum industry will continue to grow globally, and the skeletal, waterproof and paint operations will contribute to a sustained and rapid increase.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.