New materials in the North (000786.sz): Steady development North New materials in the North Annual report for 2024, generating business income of $25,821 million for the year as a whole, a year-on-year increase
The new material in the North is the leading company in the production of our cast board, which has a market of more than 60%, and is actively developing.
The purchase of waterproof materials, the development of waterproof materials and coatings, and the scale of waterproof materials are among the top three sectors of the industry.
The decline over the previous three quarters was 4.30 percentage points, mainly in the gypsum, bone and waterproof engineering operations
The company's waterproof materials business increased its revenue by 327.99%, and the company's internal and extended double-wheel drive of the two-wing business was fast-growing. Mergers and acquisitions at Zhejiang Bridge will further drive the development of the company's paint business and the company's elimination.
Gabriely's share in raising the sales and management fees of the company.
The higher cost of sales in mode 2c is associated with an increase of 0.74 percentage points in the year-on-year management rate, a decrease in the company ' s profits in 2024 compared to the previous three quarters, a steady increase in the efficiency of operations compared to the previous three quarters, and an overall improvement in corporate competitiveness and M & As performance.
The cycle is 83.03 days, 10.54 days less than the previous year, and the efficiency of operations is significantly improved. Of these, 1.23 days of inventory turnover. Also, 10.65 days less capital turnover than the same year, and productivity gains are evident. In an environment of low overall demand in the industry, companies are still able to further improve their operational efficiency.
The company’s ability to control the market is also evident. It is also evident that the company’s business as a whole has continued to grow upwards since the merger with Gabriel, that the single cardboard business is generally stable, that waterproof materials and coatings on both sides of the business have turned backwards, that it has developed faster inside and out, and that the company’s “very recommended” rating has been maintained.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the new material in the North (000786.sz): steady growth and operation, the growth of both wings, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the new material in the North (000786.sz): steady growth and operation, the growth of both wings, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
More than 16 years of research experience in Zhao, combined with a framework for research covering construction materials and new non-metal materials. The financial community has learned from the best researchers in the voucher industry. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.