Merchant Retail — General Retail — Jang Hau — National Retail Perspective: Growth of Corporate Market Owners, Growth of Total Foreign Trade Exports for the Benefit, January-November 2023
The value of the capital is $52.212 billion, an increase of 18.1 per cent over the same period. The company’s emerging business is growing rapidly, with an online digital trading platform, Chinagoods, of which the gmv is over 65 billion yuan, an increase of more than 80 per cent over the same year, and the operating company’s annual profits, which exceed 80 million yuan. Since its inauguration on 21 February 2023, the company’s cross-border payments operations have accumulated a cross-border renminbi account for nearly 20,000 businesses, with a cross-border liquidation fund of over $8.5 billion.
In general, as a global leader in integrated services for foreign trade, future market operators will continue to maintain robust growth with well-equipped services and market openings, with digital trade and cross-border payments injecting into long-term growth potential. Considering the rapid growth of emerging firms’ business in value-added services capacity, a single quarter shows a net return of $330-43 million in four quarters, a significant improvement over the loss of $515 million in four quarters last year.
The ring grew by 4.7 to 36.1% over the third quarter, with a non-net profit of 250 to 350 million yuan for the fourth quarter alone, or 22.4 per cent to 71.6 per cent for the same period, and three quarters for specific operations, with market owners growing brightly and benefiting from the growth of overall foreign trade exports. The Gmv of the digital trading platform Chinagoods is over 65 billion yuan, or more than 80 per cent for the same period, and the operating company has over 80 million yuan in profits for the entire year.
Since its inauguration on 21 February 2023, a cross-border renminbi account has been opened for nearly 20,000 businesses, with a cross-border liquidation of over $8.5 billion. Fast-forward payments services (the “Yiwupay” operator) was profitable that year.
The combined effect of domestic and international trade resources enhances the quality and level of trade-related investment cooperation. Providing new development opportunities for market participants is conducive to maximizing the overall benefits of small commodity cities and is consistent with companies’ long-term development strategies.
Figure 2: Chinagoods international station interface Overall, as a global leader in integrated services for foreign trade, future market operators will maintain robust growth, with emerging operations such as well-developed service packages and market openings, digital trade and cross-border payments injecting into long-term growth potential.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective and impartial and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; and that the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.