During the Ninder era (300,750.sz) the motorcade team performed with high growth, with a higher score than expected.
On March 15, the 23-year newspaper of the Ninder era was published. The company earns $40.9 billion, yoy+22%, returns $4.412 billion in net profit to the mother, yoy+44%, Maori rate.
1. Demand transitions to the right end of the scavity, opening the era of power-driven car dominance: 2. " Ningde-era company ratings: performance meets expectations, new technology flows increase further, and the price differentials between end-of-pipe and industry rises equally. " 1) Volume: 23a
390gwh, yoy + 35% respectively. The increase is mainly due to new corporate technologies, new products, 3. " Ninder Times: Performance Over-expected, New Technologies & Export Construction, and the acceleration of the expansion of overseas markets. " 2) Prices: 23a year-round power/storage power.
The difference and the difference in prices have been large, while the Māori gap has been maintained, mainly due to a rise in the product structure, high end products (23a export earnings + 70 per cent) and a higher premium than the industry. 3) Benefit: benefits from positive improvements in the profit (product) structure, although prices have fallen, 23a
2. Free cash flows are strong, the bottom value is high, and a dividend of $22.1 billion is distributed. This is more than $70 billion more than in 22 years, with a greater capacity for blood production. In addition, the company stock has been further reduced and operational effectiveness has improved; 23a non-cash operating capital has been changed to $23.9 billion, an increase.
In addition, companies send $22.1 billion in dividends, representing 50 per cent of current profits, highlighting shareholders’ determination to pay back.3 Breaking the circle up and out to promote high-quality development.
The expansion of the toc scene, e.g., is expected to bring high-quality, differentiated products to end-C clients, building the minds of consumers in the general public; geopolitical relationships are dynamic, but carbon neutrality and co-management of climate change is a global development trend, with companies making sustainable contributions to new energy sources.
Profit predictions, valuations, and ratings of companies for 10 years in a row combined with global power and storage battery taps, with successive performances above expectations.
We adjust our profit projections to the expected 24-26 years of public tram sales, the expected increase in storage markets and increased industry competition.