Twenty-three years of reversible profit growth, with high dividends and higher value for money compared to investment in the Ninder era (300,750.sz) 1.23 per cent; deductible non-net profits of $13.11 billion. In addition, the company proposes annual cash dividends in 2023.
The company’s profits have been regressive, with a small number of high-scoring, high-growth companies.
Once a new electric research assistant (yoy+5.1pct) with a Māori storage battery rate of 23.79% (yoy+6.78pct), a power cell and a storage battery competed more strongly for 23 years, and the company, by virtue of its advantages, was re-profited.
In addition, the company’s high share of dividends, which highlights the company’s strong cash flow and its return to the stock-holders, is a high mark of growth with scarce markets. The new energy vehicles and storage industries are wide-ranging, with a global lead in corporate shares.
\triangleright sneresearch, 1.061 million vehicles sold globally in 2023, an increase of 33.4 per cent; power cell usage of 705.5gwh, an increase of 38.6 per cent; and storage battery usage
185gwh, 53% more. We think that there is much room for future growth in the new energy vehicle and storage industries. According to the company, in 2023, the company achieved sales of 390gwh of lithium ion batteries, an increase of 0.89/wh for tax-free unit prices; and 69gwh for storage battery systems, an increase of the same amount.
46.81%, with an average tax-free unit price of 0.87 yuan/wh. Of this amount, the company ' s domestic power cell use was 171.9gwh, accounting for 44.5% of the market and ranked first in seven consecutive years; overseas power cells accounted for 27.5% of the market, an increase of 4.7% compared to the 4.7%.
A power company provides a framework for the procurement of storage system equipment, with a 40 per cent global market share, continuous production capacity continuously expanding its solid market position, and the development of high-input-led industry technologies. 2023, public \triangleright
The Department continues to invest more in 552 gwh, with an additional 100 gwh in construction capacity of 389 gwh, with a 70.5% capacity utilization rate. The company has many more overseas owners of batteries, new destinations, and participation in the largest intercontinental storage projects, overseas clients and storage capacity.
Expansion is expected to increase the productivity of companies. Corporations invest $18,356 million in R&D, an increase of 18.35 per cent over the same period, and continue to launch new products that are high, fast, safe, and long-lived.
(c) Risk factors: the need for new energy vehicles is not as high as expected; the risk of changes in lithium battery technology;
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, 2022, and became a research assistant in the electricity and storage industries, Sun Sun, Assistant Research Assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Finance, University of Shandong, 2022, Head of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Wang Jilin, Research Assistant for the New Energy Industry in Electrical Equipment, Master of Finance at the University of Gangan, one year of experience in industrial research, membership of the Sinda Securities component in 2023 is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.