• Events: February 8th, the company launched the Quality Return Double Action Programme to implement the Quality Gains Programme.
In its action program, the company has developed five initiatives on innovation leading to high-quality development, continuous regulation of governance, improved information disclosure, enhanced investor communication, and enhanced investor returns.
The company has core technology in the industrial chain of battery materials, battery systems, battery recycling, etc.
Strengths and forward-looking R & D layouts are committed to providing first-class solutions and services for new global energy applications through innovation in materials and materials systems, innovation in systems architecture, innovation in green limits, and business model innovation. Companies use innovation as a fundamental basis for their development, based on a deep understanding of electrochemistry,
Advanced algorithms, arithmeticals, big data, research and development tests and live vehicle feedback, mutually evidence-based research, closed circles, improved R & D efficiency through digital R & D, and continuously upgraded product solutions to meet the demand for diversified applications and to help market openings for new applications. In addition, companies act as global leaders.
The first new energy innovation and technology firms practice and promote green low-carbon transformation of the industrial chain, sustain their efforts in the dimensions of green raw material management, logistics cleaning, battery-direction loops, and actively promote value chains that are synergized upstream and downstream and work with value chain partners to promote broader sustainable development.
On the day of the consolidation exercise, which was realized between 2018 and 2021, the Board of Directors held its first session to consider the continuous enhancement of the sense of access of investors through a stable and sustainable shareholder value return mechanism through the repurchase of 2 to 3 billion won in a centralized competitive exchange.
"The Ning era" (300,750): 2023 performance forecast: global battery taps are strong, product+clients are diversified, high-end vehicle market shares are rated: o4 performance supermarket expectations, global
Global battery taps are solid. With corporate return locks, volume-producing mythology batteries, the global share of the world is "The Ning era" (300,750): 3-quarterly report, 2023, 95gwh+, a 35% increase. Corporate products and customers are diversified and new energy high-end vehicle markets are available.
Review: Batteries are reversible and exchange rates and reductions have been approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are eligible for portfolio investment consultancy.