During the Ninder era (300,750.sz), electricity equipment and new energy sources, lithium ii, danced to lead the industry.
New energy vehicles and reserves worldwide continue to grow at a high rate, and the demand for lithium batteries (millions of shares) continues to be strong. Power cells, the most important component of new energy vehicles, directly affect new ones.
The cost, safety, life, and branding of cars, etc., the company's power cells work with almost all of the world's mainstream car companies and are fully recognized by customers and consumers.
According to Sneresearch, in 2023, the global use of new energy vehicle power cells reached 705.5gwhh, and the global supply of energy storage batteries reached 185gwhh. During the reporting period, the company achieved sales of 390gwh of lithium ion batteries, an increase of 34.95 per cent over the same period.
Pool system sales were 321gwh, 32.56% more than the previous year, and the global market was 36.8%, the world's largest in succession; The storage power battery system sales were 69gwh, the world's largest, with 46.81% more than the previous year, and the global market accounted for 40% of the world's highest. Moreover, the company's overseas share continued to increase, reaching 32.67%, an increase of 9.26 pc, indicating a rise in public figures.
In order to meet the needs of its clients, companies have deployed production bases in various parts of the country and abroad, and have built 552gw, and production capacity continues to grow.
Through self-building, technology authorization, long-term agreements, joint ventures, etc., the company works in depth with its high-quality partners to secure the supply chain through material components such as positive, negative, diaphragm, electrolysis, etc. At the same time, the company further refines the layout of its high-quality battery resources such as lithium, nickel, cobalt, phosphorus, among them the Indonesian Nickel Project, Jiangxiechun
The Zhang Wenchen project and the Hubeijiang Jiazu project are in operation. During the reporting period, the company achieved revenue of $33.602 billion in battery materials and recovery operations, an increase of 29 per cent in batteries.
The mineral resources of $7,734 million, an increase of 72 per cent over the same period, indicate that the self-sufficiency of the company’s battery materials and resources is increasing.
Profit growth was much higher than income growth, thanks to the recovery in corporate Maori, 2023, corporate convergence The Ningde era: strong leadership, accelerated expansion overseas - strong corporate capital, $264.3 billion in monetary funds and $23,982 million in contractual liabilities by the end of 2023.
The Ninder era: Increased city occupancy, optimized inventory management - high-intensity R & D inputs, new technologies, etc. As industry leaders, companies are based on advanced R & D theory, building on their rich experience in the lithium battery industry, technology deposition and big data, and smart products
The Ningde era: a quarter of performance meets expectations, corporate cohesion, research and development and design platforms, continuous roll-out of new products with high power, high speed, high safety, long-lived life, industry launches of state batteries - the Ningde-era Quarterly Review
Rapid progress. During the reporting period, companies released high-efficiency, safe condensate batteries, super-fast-filled gods, first generation sodium ion batteries, and m3p batteries with a three-dollar and phosphate-lithic advantage to produce mass on the Chirre model.
The maximum 5-c fast-loaded americium batteries are produced in cooperation with the ideal. The God-made batteries are designed to alleviate public anxiety.
The company has released a zero-source direct-flow coupling solution with long-lived, safe and efficient multiple advantages, and has upgraded its products, eroneplus, eerd, etc., in such a scenario as a supercharger station, which has significantly increased the energy density and efficiency of the previous generation of products. In 2023, R&D costs amounted to $18.356 billion.
In-country patents and 1,850 offshore patents, a total of 19,500 domestic and foreign patents are being applied, which provide a solid basis for companies to take the lead in the long term. Investment advice: companies, as leaders in the lithium battery industry, benefit from lithium batteries in new energy cars, storage, etc.
Robust batteries are highly skilled, technology- and capital-intensive industries, with high barriers, high speeds, and so on. According to Wind, March 18, 2024, the price of a three-dimensional steel core is 0.465/wh.
We're down 9.7 per cent at the beginning of the year and 23 per cent at the end of the third quarter of the year; we're down the price of lithium phosphate squares; we're down the price; we're down the price of the unit cores; we're driving down the revenue; we're looking at the Māori rate and net interest rate.