Shinji Mountain Signal, Emmett (300896.sz) is getting better and more penetration of the product market is increasing.
20 March 2024. Close to 30% increase in the high base of soluble-type products, income from gel products, high Māori ratio \triangleright
Market data: March 19, 2024, double-break, with a significant amount of cosmetics. During this period, 1.67 billion yuan (+1265.8%) was collected for solution injection products.
Skin, cover, neck and eye care, as a priority area for post-medication skin repair Basic data: 31 December 2023, sustained increases in R & D investment by companies, significant increases in R & D staff and research and development costs and enrichment of products
The R & D personnel increased by 34.25% over the same period, and the R & D costs increased by 44.49% over the same period, basically synchronizing with the rate of collection. During this period, the company acquired two new certified medical devices, one for the iii group of medical devices, one for bioprotein sponges, one for tissue healing, one for masonry, and the other for blood healing supplements, the other for medical devices of the ii group.
3 are in the clinical and registration process, a type A meat toxin is currently in the registration stage, Lilalupi is in the I phase, and Lidocaine Dinka is in the ii phase of clinical trials. 3 preclinary projects are in the form of deoxychotic injections, respectively.
Injecting fluids, transparent acidases, and smigruppies, the year 2024 is expected to submit applications for clinical trials. The number of medical and aesthetic institutions covered continues to increase, with more than 60% of the South China market.
The ratio of direct sales/distribution to health-care institutions in Zhang Xiaojun (an increase of about 2,000 compared to the same period in the previous year) was 62.26 per cent/37.74 per cent. Subregionally, the East China region is still the main marketing area of the company and is still the source of revenue.
Cost rate - 1.89 per cent (+0.44 pct) represents an increase in interest income on term deposits. Net operating cash flow of $1.954 billion (+63.67 per cent) represents an increase in sales and returns during the period.
\triangleright has a proven product and is working on a variety of projects that can meet the needs of different medical interests. Solution products like hives have been in the market for years, with a broad consumer base and recognition; gel products are made available during the day.
Market penetration has been rising, gradually contributing to the company's second performance growth, with a year-long mix that is expected to meet the differential facial upgrading demands of high-end beauty seekers; injection of a type-a botulinum toxin in the registration declaration phase; and instrumentation, with Korea's jeisys, where the company is expected to introduce two skins.
Policy controls risk; product R & D registrations are not as fast as expected; product quality safety risks are too risky; market competition increases risk; consumer purchasing power is less than expected. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.