The growth of core products continues, building on future growth.
In 2023, the firm achieved a significant increase in its performance, both because of its low base over the same period last year and because of the continued release of its core products, while the firm built on its industry leadership and brand recognition, in an environment of weak recovery in consumption.
It's a more resilient business. By branch, 1) Solvents: 16,71 million yuan (+29.22%), Māori 94.48% (+0.25 pct) and the core product “hepties” are growing steadily, and safety and effectiveness are widely recognized by downstream medical institutions and end consumers; 2) gels: 11.58%.
The dermal filler of diol co-polymer microballs “during the day,” which sustains a good growth momentum, rapidly penetrates the country’s different machine structures, and serves as a strong support point for the corporate matrix of phenomenon-based products. The improved product structure drives Māori uplifts, and professional teams build up enhanced marketing capabilities.
In addition, the company continuously adjusts its marketing system, expands its team, expands and deepens its client collaboration, and operates the all-Medical Drift, Master of Fine Hand, contour beauty creation.
As of December 31, 2023, the Department had over 400 sales and market personnel, covering about 7,000 medical and aesthetic institutions throughout the country.
The ratio was 62.26/37.74 per cent, and the cost of company sales rose slightly to 9.07 per cent (+0.68 ptt). Research and development output.
(c) Injection with transparent acid enzymes: in the process of dissolving transparent acids, in the pre-clinical phase.
In addition, the company, in cooperation with the Quantico Biology, introduced the Sigrum product and held 4.89 per cent of its shareholdings with an investment of 50 million yuan, and signed a Distribution Agreement with jeisys in Korea, with which it received extension, distribution, marketing and related services from the Density and Linearz Medical U.S. and Consumer Supplies in China.
"Galactic Medicines" company comment; "Americas" (300896); "News release" investment proposal: as a domestic medical champion, the core product is growing robustly, making daytime company review of "Galactic Medicines" : a quarterly performance.
High-value-added products accelerate their release and move in an orderly fashion on the line of research and development. As regulations become tighter, the company, as a company called Galaxy Medicine, evaluates the progress made by Emmett (300,896); the medical champions are growing, they are resilient, and they inspire high growth targets to guide growth over the next three years.
Galactic Medicine: Three quarters of recovery is less than expected, and new products are on the market less than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.