Performance forecasted a high profit gain of 2023q4 and an advance in optical and electro-optical improvements in the medical fabric of the United States of America (300896.sz) has affected profits of about $28 million, mainly from gains and losses on the fair value of traded financial assets and from government subsidies.
Research and development is still competitive, the two-born angel terminal is well spread, is well valued, and the "buy-in" rating is maintained.
By way of product, we expect the system to continue to grow steadily in 2023, to increase market penetration, and to increase the number and scale of companies in the regenerative category during the day, as well as the number of agencies and sales, as well as the number of life angels. In terms of profitability, we expect it to grow steadily.
In 2023, the company ' s Māori ratio was maintained at a higher level, driven by high Māori products during the day. In terms of costs, the company continued to increase its R&D inputs; marketing and management rates were expected to remain at reasonable levels.
(1) PV: In November 2023, the company signed a Distribution Agreement with jeisys to introduce both density (radio frequency) and linearz (oversound) anti-cancer skin devices and accessories that are already in the commercial phase, to move into the field of PV on the basis of available injection products, to improve the organization of the entire U.S. industry, and hopefully in the future.
2023q3 Performance under Pressure, Expecting Differential Contribution Added Volumes. (2) Expanding Capacity: November, Company announced its intention to invest $810 million in beautiful and healthy industrialization.
Innovative construction projects, which will be used in the future to increase the capacity of gels, solvents, and the industrialization of new products. With regard to stocks, the core pipelines of bottany, smigrupus, fat needles, etc., will continue to advance, followed by "2023q2, a bright light, a new product like a living angel."
The company is well prepared to expand its production capacity and is expected to contribute to growth in the future. Future performance is promising – company information update report 2023h1 is expected to be a net profit for the mother.