Performance forecast for 2023: four-quarter profit realization compared to 08/01/2024, higher than higher, product line layout medical equipment
The impact was approximately $28 million, mainly due to the movement of fair value gains and losses in transactional financial assets and the receipt of government grants. Rapid growth, on the one hand, due to the low base affected by the epidemic in the fourth quarter, and, on the other hand, because of the “whiteness”
Injecting materials production capacity has been expanded further; agents sell medical equipment to build new growth points. Since the fourth quarter, the company announced on November 7, 2023 that it would be able to raise its own funds in Changping, Beijing.
By implementing this project, the production of products such as gels, solutions, etc., will help expand the capacity of the company to produce existing products and enrich the supply of new ones. On November 8, 2023, the company announced with the Republic of Korea.
jeisysmedicalinc. Signing the distribution agreement for the promotion, distribution, sale and related services in the Mainland of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan) of Density and Linearz medical beauty treatment equipment and accessories, the company is exclusive in the region.
The agreement will take effect for a period of 10 years from the date of its formal signature by the authorized representatives of China. This cooperation with jeisys led to the introduction into the country of a two-part skin-free anti-degenerative device in Korea, which is already in the process of commercialization, for domestic registration and commercialization.
To expand the medically beauty-oriented product pipeline to enrich the medical beauty product group and achieve the company’s profile in medical beauty and dermatology; to use the company’s medical beauty marketing channels to provide new income and profit growth points.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account macro-environment and expected changes in consumption, etc.
Emmett (300896); 2023 Quarterly Review: q3 harvests kept up, product lines were enriched and “buy-in” ratings were maintained. Entry + 18%, deduction of net profit from non-repatriation + 18%, protection during daytime
Emerika's three major financial forecasting tables The East Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.