In 2023, the net profit was equal to +47%, and the performance was in line with expectations. The product matrix varied the layout, pushing income up. From a product point of view, the company relied on a full range of variations \triangleright
The product matrix and clear product positioning are increasing the competitiveness and impact of products. In 2023, liquid injections generated $1.671 billion, i.e. +29.22 per cent, representing 58.22 per cent of revenues, of which there has been a steady increase in the supply of solution injection products with "hepta" as their core, and a full penetration of the "hepta" series of products at the end of the medical-American system since they were marketed.
The growth in income is driven mainly by institutional buy-backs; the income from gel injections is $1,158 million, or +81.43 per cent of the same, and branding is growing in a strong support point for the construction of the phenomenon-level product matrix, in addition to institutional expansion, which is expected to accelerate institutional penetration and build new growth poles during the day.
By the end of 23 years, the company had more than 400 sales and market personnel, covering some 7,000 medical and aesthetic institutions at the end;
A steady upward trend, mainly due to the continued upturn in corporate income and the impact of the scale effect, and high-end line products, the Jung Yi-chul, which raises the ratio by day, optimizes the structure of the product, and will increase the income of the living angels by day with the regenerative materials.
The q4 administrative fee rate has fallen significantly over the same period, mainly as a result of higher costs of listed services and labour reported by the Ports Unit during the same period last year. With increased control over sales costs, optimized management efficiency, and a fast-growing trend in revenue, we expect sales rates and management rates to continue to be spread thinly; while companies attach great importance to R & D inputs, it is expected that R & D rates will remain stable.
1. Emmett (300896.sz) event review: pre-eminence with South Koreaje products, sustained stick-and-roll-up to high corporate growth. 1 Core product high: Hi, 2.5 and  live bubble needles as water-coded needles, more regulated beneficiary industries and continued upswing in market shares; pre-arranged markets.
Consumer buy-backs and sub-channels are driving up sales; panda needles are being laid in health institutions at an accelerated pace, and rejuvenating markets are needed to promote growth. At present, the penetration of high-level system products at the institutional end is relatively strong, and we believe that future income growth will be boosted by the third quarter of 2023 of Amerika (300896.sz):
More of this is due to institutional buy-backs, which are expected to accelerate the overall increase in revenues from high-growth products, which are expected to bring about an overall increase in the market size of the medical-American sector.
At the end of the day, it was published, filled and tightly effective, and the technical modus operandi of doctors was less demanding, and it was expected to absorb the demand for more renewable materials in the 2023/10/25 category of products and to build new growth poles together during the daytime.
Rectification of medically modified and transparent sodium acid gels containing polyvinyl gel microballs (Punida II) in the 3h1 income and profit performance with strong profit distribution programme Declaration phase, injection of a botulinum toxin to improve eyebrow tattoos in the registration stage and second-generation surface implantation
The development of confidence - 2023/08/25 line is in the clinical trial phase, the Lilalupi injection fluid completes the i-clinical trial, and the iii of the Lidoca-in-Dinca-in mamoleum is in the iii phase 4. The Emerician (300896.sz) reported on the spot in the first quarter of 2023:
In the clinical trial phase, deoxychotic injection fluids, transparent acidases, smigrupon injection fluids are in the pre-clinical development phase, and it is expected that applications for clinical trials will be submitted in 2024, and the product matrix will continue to be enriched; the company will further strengthen the strategic layout in the area of weight management and lipid reduction, with a total value of $50 million in cooperation with the cythopaedic biology for the introduction of sigrium products.
2023/04/25 Investment in 4.89 per cent of the shares of the Quality Pelican Organism; company distribution of photo-electric products, resulting in jeisys under the banner of jeisys (300896.sz) being evaluated in 2022:
The promotion of radio frequency dermatologist and linearz in China and China, the development of medical taps, and equity incentives to demonstrate confidence and authorization for the sale, sale and related services, have led to breakthroughs in energy source equipment pipelines.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.