The recovery in the medical beauty industry has been remarkable, leading to high growth in corporate performance: benefits from China's medical beauty.
The recovery in the industry has been marked, the market for compliant products has expanded rapidly, the consumption scene has been restored, and medical beauty needs to be released gradually. At the same time, companies have continued to be active at the end of the product and at the end of the market, enriching the product pipeline, helping to increase brand value and achieving a significant increase in their performance.
The product pipelines are rich and the core products are growing well: companies are marketed and approved injection skin fillers are divided into gels and solution injection products, with a year-on-year increase in 2023. Its q3 performance slowed and product lines continued to diversify.
In this context, IDUs achieved operating income of $1.671 billion, an increase of 29.22 per cent over the same period in the previous year; Regenerations were active and corporate performance grew at a faster rate.
The largest share of solution products is the Hive (including panda needles), whose safety and effectiveness are well recognized by downstream medical institutions and end consumers after long clinical certification.
But brand values are growing. The largest share of gel products is regenerative products in the daytime, and as a result, it has continued its good growth momentum since its launch in the second half of 2021, becoming a strong anchor in the construction of the phenomenon-based product matrix, which has now formed a good reputational base, branding.
At the same time, the company is researching a rich stock of products, including modifier transparent sodium gel with polyvinyl gel microballs for treatment of retrench, a meat toxin for removal of dynamic wrinkles, second-generation facial implants for soft tissue upgrading, and chronic weight.
In addition, the company signed with jeisysmedicalinc.
The conference, by introducing two skin-free anti-cancer devices in Korea, which are already in the commercial phase, will lead to a breakthrough in the company’s energy-sourced power line. Product-structure optimization will lead to an increase in the gross rate, resulting in a slight drop in net interest rates, but still high.
Increases in the cost of activities, 6.03 per cent in sales and 0.68 pct to 9.07 per cent in sales costs; increase in management costs by 15.02 per cent in comparison to 15.02 per cent in relation to labour costs, port share listing fees and rental property charges, but no reversal in the rate of management costs due to faster revenue growth
Between 1.44 pcts and 5.03 per cent below; companies continue to guarantee innovative R & D inputs and upgrade R & D output through autonomous R & D and external cooperation, with R & D costs increasing by 44.49 per cent over the same period, and R & D costs are reduced by 0,21 pct to 8,72 per cent.
Improvement of medium- and long-term incentives to support long-term strategic development: companies implemented the first phase of the Restricted Stock Incentives Programme in 2023, awarding 33.39 million shares and 16.77 million shares of Restricted Stock on 31 March and 17 October 2023, respectively, to those who meet the conditions for granting them.
The Director provides an incentive to attract and retain good talent and to fully motivate staff. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: in the short term, “hept” growth is sustained, and the regenerative new product “getting” and “e.g., angels” are expected to contribute to high corporate performance growth; and in the long term, medical beauty is expected to increase.
The industry’s high profile will continue, domestic substitution and tightening of regulation will be conducive to compliance with the USC’s hair show, company-owned products are still growing, reserve products will be rolled out, and it is expected that the company’s “buy-in” investment rating will be maintained, taking into account its own strengths and industry trends.