In 2023, the company achieved its operating income of 2,869 million yuan, net return to the mother.
The profits were 1,858 million yuan; of this amount, the income for the fourth quarter was 699 million yuan, an increase of 55.55 per cent for the same year, the net profit for the mother was 440 million yuan, an increase of 62.20 per cent for the same year, the net profit for the non-repatriated mother was 436 million yuan, and the society was fully restored to normal functioning, the health sector was recovering significantly, and the company was able to move through the product group.
The combination of advantages and innovative marketing patterns further enhances the competitiveness and brand influence of the company ' s products and contributes to an increase in its market ownership and penetration.
"Hi" drives the steady growth of solution products, and "During the day," pulls the income from gel products Research Assistant: Xie Hsi Hsien Hsiung has increased. In 2023, the company achieved 51,413,000 sales of solution products with the high body at its core.
“Hitty” has a strong position in the treatment of panda eyes and neck strips, and brand values are growing and sales are increasing. S034012111002 has gained momentum and has become a strong anchor in the construction of the phenomenon-level product matrix.
In keeping with the differentiated marketing model of “direct marketing, supported by distribution”, in 2023, the first year of post-epidemic recovery, companies increased their marketing inputs, with a more visible end-of-income effect. During the same period, corporate management costs were 5.03 per cent, an optimised 1.44 percentage points over the same period, mainly due to reduced port stock listing costs.
The company is researching a large stock of products, including polyvinyl gel microball modifiers with transparent sodium acid gels, a type of meat for removal of dynamic wrinkles, toxic toxins, second-generation facial implants for soft tissue upgrading, and Sumi for chronic weight management.
The company has begun to configure equipment-type products, in addition to needle-type products, and has signed a Sales Agreement with jeisys in Korea.
The promotion, distribution, marketing, and related services in China’s interior (excluding Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan), which helped companies to break through the energy-sourced equipment pipeline. The investment proposal is that the company concentrates on medically fine products, is a medical needle leader, and enjoys a medically good market dividend.
The company’s medical and American product lines are rich, the daytime and twin angels will continue to be released, and the equipment-type products currently in the field will be in the weight management market in the future, with high growth. We predict: the “market index” of this rating system, a reference point is 300 indexes; the new three-board reference points are three-stringed.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.