The 23-year annual Emeritus (300896.sz) report reviews: 23 years Roe performed well up to 30% + and bottany entered the registration stage / yoy+52.95%, with the desired performance; 23q4 achieved income of 699 million yuan/yoy+55.55% in the first quarter.
>Star products continue to grow excellently, and product line abundance + penetration increases growth certainty. (1) Solutions, we expect high-speed increases in water light products in the high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-speed system (e.g., high-speed 2.5) under the compliance dividend, with a slight decline in average prices as a result of the increase in water light ratios, with the average cost of soluble-type products in 2023 being 325. ]
In 2000, it is expected that the growth of the high-growth system will be enhanced by a gradual downturn in the market.
In the future, it is expected to continue to grow at an excellent rate, such as a rise in income from living contributions. (3) Face-breeding, with Pei Chilong achieving income/net profit of $ 0.11 billion in 23 years, with a net interest rate of 52%.
The increase in the cost of marketing activities and the decrease in management costs is due mainly to the lower cost of listing the shares in the port. 2023  of the future pipeline is sufficient and attention is paid to the progress of approval. The company has entered the registration phase for botox products (23 years of reported progress towards completion of the iii clinical trial), and the Bonida adaptive entry declaration.
In addition, the company works as a Korea jeisvs extension of the photoelectric class, and collaborates in investing in the strategic layout of the mass platinum bioenhanced in the area of weight management and lipid reduction. After 25 years, we expect the company to have access to multiple types of tubes or to be approved over time.
Emeritus (300896.sz) in-depth report: Demonstrate the combined pro-growth effect of love, and deliver platform-based corporate logic.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: Americians, a leading company in the high-quality medical track, continues to make excellent growth, Emmett (300896.sz): Propagation of new skin protection products, over 30% in 23 years, and future high-speed systems continue to increase submersion, and twin angels grow rapidly.
Explore how Toc operates, if this year's high-growth recovery is evident, the market or platform-based logic will be delivered ahead of schedule; some of the core products are in the registration declaration phase and are expected to continue with the certainty that the product will grow after 25 years.
The risk factors for Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.: the pace of approval/promotion of new products was less than expected and market competition intensified.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City City, RMB 1 million/yoy+47.08 per cent, net profit from non-repatriation, RMB 1,831 million/yoy+52.95 per cent; in the first quarter, income from 23q4 was RMB 699 million/yoy+55.55 per cent, net profit from non-repatriation, RMB 440 million/yoy+59.00 per cent and net profit from non-repatriation, RMB 436 million
Star products continue to grow excellently, and product line abundance + penetration increases growth certainty. Sub-products: Products (e.g., hives 2.5) grow at a high rate under the compliance dividend, with average prices falling slightly as a result of rising water light ratios, rising by about 2,000 at the end of the year, and are expected to increase the high-growth certainty through a gradual market downturn in the future.
In the 23-year period, Pei Chilong achieved income/net profit of $Nr.02 billion, with a net interest rate of 52%. The non-recurrent factor is slightly perturbing profitability, and the Māori & Cost ratio continues to optimize.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: Alumni from a leading company in the high-quality American track of medicine have continued to make excellent gains, exceeding 30% in 23 years, and the high-speed system will continue to increase its submersion, and the "breeding angels" will grow rapidly, if this year’s high-speed growth picks up significantly.
Markets or endorsement platform-type logic are ahead of schedule; some core products are in the registration stage and, with 25 years later, the sales team became the General Manager of the Center for Modern Services Studies in 2021. In 2022, they joined the Sinda Portfolio as Deputy Chief Manager of Research and Development.
After graduate school in July of that year, he joined the Social Services Group for Employable Securities, and in November of 2022 he joined the New Sinda Consumers Group, covering the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, and the tax-exempt, eye-vision, invisible deformities, pets, retail, etc.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, and Bachelor of Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group, covering mainly cosmetics and medical beauty. Lin Ling, Master of Finance, University of Xiamen School of Economics, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group in January 2023.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.