Emmett (300896.sz): Keep your performance high, Emmett is the leader of the country's medical and pharmaceutical manufacturers.
1.860 billion/yoy+47% net profit from non-mortality of 1.831 billion/yoy+53%. Single quarter: 23q4 realization camp, according to Frost Sullivan report, the company is China’s largest skin based on transparent acid based sales in 2021.
The system is growing steadily, and high-end regenerative products continue to grow and build new growth poles. In 2023, 58% of public-sector soluble-type injecting products (mainly high-body) were received, achieving an income of $1,671 million.
/oy+29.2 per cent, resulting in a sales volume of 5141,300/yoy+48.9 per cent, with relatively full system pipeline penetration, future repurchase of neck pins, continuous penetration of panda and panda eye week markets, water light market compliance for the benefit of bubble needles, total debt payments and cross-equity presentations:
In 2023, the gel injection product (silence, Bonida, love, 10,000/vov+36%) was able to increase significantly during the day as a high-end regenerative filler, product power, market awareness and recognition, sustaining a good growth momentum and becoming a built-up phenomenon-level product matrix.
In the future, with the further penetration of training and institutions, and the synergy of new products, such as living angels, the strength of products to assure bargaining power, the accumulation of high unit prices, the rise in the share of high-origin products, the company 's continued to be unique and scarce in terms of its high-yielding response, with fewer regenerative products approved, and the fast growth of the track.
The Māori rate of the solution-filled product has led to a steady increase in the Māori rate as a result of high unit prices and high Māori sales. Twenty-three years of company sales fees have been moving forward in the development of products, and the market space has been wide, supporting long-term growth in the company.
(a) Injected botulinum toxin for eyebrow improvement is in the registration stage; sodium translucent acid gels with polyvinyl gel microballs are in the registration stage for corrective medical use;
The radiation is in the pre-clinical stages of research; two high-quality jeisys (radio frequency) and linearz (oversounding equipment) products, mainly positioning skin resistance, years, etc., are being introduced in a distribution mode.
The approval process has been successful and, with the approval of the product, it is expected that synergies will be created in terms of efficiency, channels, training, etc., to complete the corporate business matrix, and to create new growth points for revenue and profits.
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies as medical leaders in Central America, good product matrix, technological strength, proven experience, product leadership, and wide and robust distribution of channels. Listed products continue to be released, the pipeline is rich and well advanced, the curve is clear, and it is expected to fully enjoy the expansion and compliance of the medical market.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Amerite (300896.sz): Keeping the performance up, the product layout moving up in an orderly fashion, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Amerite (300896.sz): Keeping the performance up, the product layout moving up in an orderly fashion, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Liu Dian Xue Xiaoqing, who is responsible for the study of hotels, restaurants, uniforms, local life, medicine, etc.
Wei Wooming is responsible for research on cosmetics, tax exemptions, gold jewellery, electricity dealers, traditional retailing, etc.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.