Yearly report 2023: Performance meets expectations, achieving high growth “by day” quarter, with gross operating income of 699 million yuan (+55.55 per cent) and net return to the mother 440
Billion dollars (+59%), compared to total operating income in the 2023 q3 quarter (+17.58%) and net profit from maternity (+13.27%), to achieve the speed of the ring. We believe that because of the low base affected by the epidemic in the fourth quarter, on the one hand, and because of the continued release of the "heptey" product series in the "silent day" on the other, on the other hand.
The increase in financial costs is mainly due to reduced interest income, the steady increase in “hepta” during the day, and the faster increase in “hepta” . 2023 (+0.97 pp) in operational terms; we believe that the high growth in products is mainly due to the “deep day” push-up of childhood needles.
Wide marketing, driving up the growth rate, and the increase in the share of gel products, led to an increase in the Māori rate of gel products. 2) Solution-based injecting products are dominated by “hips”, with revenues of $1,671 million (+29.22 per cent) and gross interest rates of 94.48 per cent (+0.25 pp). The “Hi” series of products is based on mature brands and markets.
Rapidly increased. 3) Face-laying line products earn $5.92 million (+10.06%). In January, the company announced that Korea ' s jeisysmedicalinc. under the banner denisity and linearz medical beauty treatment equipment and accompanying consumables would be sold exclusively in China.
In addition, the company is working on a transparent medical modifier containing polyvinyl gel microballs, sodium acid gels (additional syrup) and injections of a carbotoxin (used to improve frowns) are in the process of being registered and are expected to bring new growth points.
Seven products such as sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl-cellulose gel, lidocain-butin-ca-negative mast, etc., continue to grow in the future at the clinical or pre-clinical stage of the research line guarantee company.
q3 income + 18 per cent, net profit from non-return to the mother + 18 per cent, keeping in rapid release during the day.
The three major financial forecasting tables for Emmett, the currency units of the data are RMB, and Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.