Medical Group Rapid Growth of the Medico-American Block, Innovative Lines Fulfilling Time.
The net profit of the shareholders of the city company was 650 million yuan, an increase of 25.51 per cent over the same period; and the deduction was achieved by the parent. 2. "The China East Pharmaceutical Company takes stock: the performance of the business has steadily improved, the medical board has been well-placed, the four major lines of business have been more active, and the medical board has grown rapidly.
3. China East Pharmaceuticals: The continued abundance of medical American injection product lines, the combined strength of commercial, medical and industrial micro-organisms, and their combined contribution to higher performance. The company’s medical-American business achieved operating income of 2,447 million yuan (excluding internal offsets).
(Su) The same-year increase of 27.79 per cent; of this, the fully-owned subsidiary Sinclair, UK, realized sales revenue of £14.958 million (approximately RMB 1.304 billion), an increase of 14.49 per cent over the same-year increase;
By the end of 2023, there were more than 600 official co-operative hospitals with core products, more than 1,100 certified doctors, and industry's influence and competitiveness had increased.
Firmly pursuing innovative strategies for transformation and developing pipelines to meet deadlines. The company continues to work deep in the three main areas of endocrine, self-immunisation and oncology treatment, insisting on a two-wheel drive of self-research + introduction, and constantly enriching the product pipelines. To date, the company has more than 60 innovative product lines.
In the case of endocrines, companies have built innovative drugs and alternative pharmaceutical product tubes centred on clinically mainstream treatment targets, such as glp-1, through autonomous research and development and the introduction of absorption.
In the area of self-immunisation, the company already has over 10 biopharmaceuticals and small molecular innovation products that are already on the market abroad. In the field of oncology, the company focuses on high barriers research and development platforms and pipelines, including elahere.
The company's research and development is well advanced to deliver profitable predictions, valuations, and ratings in the pipeline.
We maintain profit expectations for 2024-2026, where companies are expected to achieve net return profits separately, where R & D is not as fast as expected; where increased competition in product markets leads to a risk of a decline in net interest rates; and where market diffusion is not as risky as expected.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market