China East Medicine (000963), with robust growth and good progress on new products Events: 25 April 2024, company first-quarter report, 2024q1
(a) Industry income of 10,411 million yuan, an increase of 2.93 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity of 862 million yuan, an increase of 14.18 per cent in the same year;
Q2 is expected to pick up gradually, as demand fluctuates and overall income reaches the q1 target; the domestic medical doctor, Qin Qin Qi, has achieved operating income of $257 million, an increase of 22.65 per cent compared to 22.65 per cent, the ring field has been actively expanded, domestic insurance operations have increased offline market promotion and the health of Lake Qi Qi.
The pace of growth in industrial micro-organisms is expected to accelerate, and research and development in the pharmaceutical industry is progressing well, with a number of products reaching important nodes. 2024q1 pharmaceutical industry R & D input (excluding equity investment) of 588 million yuan, of which 349 million yuan is spent directly on research and development, a year-on-year increase.
13.96%. 1 Injection with the larcalyst : Chinese license application for re-emerging cardiovascular disease adaptation was accepted in March 2024. 2hdm1005: China Ind application for weight management for overweight or obese population, type 2 diabetes two adaptations was approved in March 2024.
In March 2024, the first group of people to be tested and given medication for a clinical study in Ia, China; the US Ind application for overweight or obesity, which shows a relative depth of 300, was approved in April 2024. 3hdm2005: to be developed for late-stage use.
In March 2024, a petition was submitted to the Chinese Ind for treatment of the real and haematoma. 4 somittos (elahere): In March 2024, the partners announced that the product had been converted to full approval in the United States, and in April 2024, the company was approved to participate in the international multi-centre ii clinical study.
The combined beverage is resistant to the relapsing of folic acid receptors that have not advanced with disease following second-line platinum platinum treatment The maintenance of adult patients with ovary, ovary or primary peritoneal cancers with cylindrical platinum is 5 s. The mellium injection fluid: used in conjunction with the Nephrocyte filtration dynamic monitoring system, is licensed for listing in China.
On 1st of January, the company was approved for listing for treatment of adults suffering from repeated or difficult-to-treat multiple osteoporomas, and a special commercial team was set up to issue its first national prescription on the day it was approved for listing.
With aldocaine injected with sodium transparent acid, the Chinese clinical trial successfully reached its main research endpoint, showing good product safety data, and applications for the registration of three types of medical devices in China have been accepted. 2atgc-110: a type of botulinum toxin introduced by the company in collaboration with the Korean company atgc.
[Galaxy Medicine] Washington Medicines: Performance meets expectations, Medicals is growing rapidly, City applications have been processed by the Korea Food and Drug Safety Department (mfds), and declared adaptive disorders have improved the middle-to-heavy eyelashes of adult patients.
Biotoxin, who has completed the iii phase of clinical trials in the country. Investment proposal: company medical and US and industrial micro-organism plates are growing rapidly, pharmaceutical industry and business plates are operating to protect the Galaxy Securities Institute of China
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Sun Yi, Double Master of Business Analysis, Nanjing University Pharmaceutical Engineering/New South Wales University, in 2021, and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2023.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete your investment in order to ensure the quality of service and control investment risk.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.