On April 25, 2024, the company released its first quarter report for the year 2024.
The company achieved business income of 10,411 million yuan, an increase of 2.93 per cent in the same year; net profit of 862 million yuan, an increase of 14.18 per cent in the same year; net profit of 838 million yuan, an increase of 10.66 per cent in the same year, a reduction of non-recurrent gains and losses.
1. China East Medical Corporation Review: The Medical College is growing fast, the Innovation Management Lines are operating robustly, and the Medical College is maintaining a good growth trend. The central subsidiary, China-China East, continues to maintain a steady growth trend and achieves operating income (including cso).
2. China East Medical Corporation Review: a steady growth in overall performance, as seen by continuous compliance with the line of research, 202.421 billion yuan, an increase of 11.67 per cent over the same period.
3. " China East Pharmaceuticals: A steady improvement in business performance, a decline of 186% over the same year, a net profit of $107 million, a growth of 151% over the same year. " The Medico-Americans together achieved operating income of $630 million (excluding internal offsets), an increase over the same year.
25.30% of them are home-grown U.S.C.S.C.C.S. companies actively expanded the domestic market, growing by 13.38% in the fourth quarter of the year. Income from industrial micro-organisms has been growing steadily, and research and development has advanced rapidly, reaching important nodes.
The application for a Chinese listing permit for re-inflammation was accepted in March. glp-1r/gipr
In March, China's Ind application for long-acting multi-peptide agonist hdm1005 for weight management in overweight or obese populations, type 2 diabetes 2 for two adaptive disorders was approved, and in April, the US Ind application for overweight or obesity adaptive disorders was approved.
The company's exclusive commercialized cytological treatment product, Zevoki Orrensai, received a notification from the FDA that it had been approved for listing for treatment of repeat or difficult multipolar bone Imoma adults, even after having undergone at least three lines of treatment (at least one has been used).
Protein enzyme inhibitors and immunosuppliers. ...The company has formed a special commercial team, and the product's first prescription will be released on the day it is approved for listing.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, we maintain a profit projection for 2024-2026, with companies expected to achieve net return profits separately, and R & D of products at a slower pace than expected; increased competition in product markets has led to a risk of a decline in net interest rates;
Market diffusion is not as high as the expected risks, etc. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market