A robust growth in the performance of chemical agents/chemicals/pharmaceutical organisms, gains and losses of innovative products in the harvest period and realization of net non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
In 2023, the company achieved a revenue of $40,624 million, or 32.40 per cent, an increase of 0.5 pct, and a net cash flow of $3,929 million from operating activities, which remained at a high level of operation throughout the year.
R & D inputs from the pharmaceutical industry (excluding equity investment) accounted for 2,293 million yuan, an increase of 23.67 per cent over the same period, of which direct R & D expenditure amounted to $1.600 billion, an increase of 33.74 per cent over the same period, direct R & D expenditure amounted to 13.10 per cent of the pharmaceutical industry; medicine was working on 111 projects, and innovative products were overstretched.
60, of which 9 products are at the stage of clinical or public declaration. Following last year's release and successful commercialization of Lilalu Pin, the company Usinos are resistant to biologically similar drugs, arcalists (injection with Linas-Marcoussis) and Somittos.
In March of this year, the company and the Cozi pharmaceutical industry agreed on an exclusive commercialized cytological treatment product, Zevoki Orensai, which is the first place in the country to be opened on the first day of the market.
The company’s ability to commercialize is expected to increase the volume of the pharmaceutical industry this year.
Hdm1002 Both China and the United States of America have been approved and clinical trials are well under way; glp-1/gip double-target innovation drug hdm1005 has also been successfully approved and has entered the clinical phase; the first self-researched adc innovation drug hdm2005 has been submitted to the ind and accepted;
1. Corporate research: Chinese medicine, self-researched small molecule anti-cancer drugs, first self-researched hpk-1protac (breathing for a stable future of medical and American business).
(hdm2006 is at the end of the ind research phase; 3 auto-innovation products on tumours are expected to be recognized at pcc in 2024, and 2 more 2.
Autonomous R & D product declarations. (000963) - Business performance is changing on a quarterly basis.
3. Annual Report Review: China’s medical business achieved income of 2,447 million yuan (excluding internal offsets), an increase of 27.79 per cent over the same year, of which £14,958 million (approximately RMB 1,304 million) was generated from sales by Sinclair.
Medicines are back on track, and medical beauty is still on the bright side, rising by 14.49 per cent, the first annual profit since the company's acquisition; and the national health stock 4.
In the course of the year, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the Korean company atgc and Chongqing Wanyan to introduce type A (000963) - Lilalu Pin injection fluids Obesity overweight adaptive treatment was approved and follow-up action was taken
Biotoxin atgc-110 and the restructuring of two pieces of a bottoxy-yy001 are developing innovative botulinum products, which further enriches the medical injection-type product pipeline.
There are 38 high-end products in the field of “no-and-micro” medicine, of which 24 have been placed on the market, produce (000963) — performance is on the rise — portfolio of products covers improvement of eyebrow tattoos, facial and body injections, energy source skin management, etc.
The pharmaceutical business has been growing steadily, the pharmaceutical industry has been returning to the growth trend, and the Lilalu injection is dual.
Commercialization should take place, many products in the field of innovative medicines should be declared on the market for the harvest, and self-researching capabilities reflect the rapid growth of medical and aesthetic operations, which we maintain with their “buy-in” ratings. The risks of pharmaceutical policy, research and development of new medicines, and marketing of new drugs are not as fast as expected, and the risk of products being priced down.
For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows: