23-year review of the Chinese Medicines (000963.sz): Regeneration +ha + botulinum toxoids, improved wiring, and the ability of medical and aesthetic services to contribute profitably is expected to continue to improve
Medicines have been growing steadily, and the ability of the company to make a profit continues to improve. In 2023, corporate commerce \triangleright Domestic medical and aesthetic operations: injecting product pipeline coverage has gradually increased, and ebd has been steadily promoted on the market.
1 Continuous enhancement of branding and increasing influence and competitiveness of the Yeon-seok industry. In 23 years, Qingqiao achieved business income of $1,051 million/yoy+67.83 per cent, of which q4 realized the Q4 income of Lee Jingmi-san's research assistant
With 227 million yuan/yoy+22%, the number of official co-operative hospitals with the core product Yeon-seok is over 600 (up from +100 at the end of 22 years), the number of certified doctors trained is over 1,100, and institutional coverage is increasing.
In June 2023, Aquire re-listed to provide customised radio frequency rates to meet the needs of different layers and fine spots; cool snow masters to freeze beauty, which is now working with more than 40 U.S. agencies in the country; optical radio frequency treatment machine v20 note
The application has been processed by the National Drug Control Service and is expected to be approved for listing in the country in 2024.
In the case of boulic acid: mailiextreme is expected to submit its application for domestic registration in 24q2, mailiprecisse completed its first clinical test in December 23; reborn.
Category: The Eyeon Shem has successfully completed all the tests in China's clinical trials in 23q1.
\triangleright sinclair, annual profit for the first time since the company was acquired (22 years of operating profit), Chinese Medicine (000963.sz): signed with Chongqing.
In the future, the ability to make a profit is expected to continue to grow. The stock equity investment & product exclusive distribution agreement, restructuring of the profits forecast: 23 years of sustained bright growth in the company’s core medical-American product, Eyeon-Yeon-Yeon-Yeon, added up to the sea.
As the company continues to increase its ability to contribute financially to its overall medical and aesthetic business, meat poisons further improve the layout of the company's meat toxlines.
In addition, Lilalu's heavy-density adaptive products continue to be released and can be expected to take over 24 years from the company's credit securities company, Inc. Risk factors: less progress in the development of clinical research and development, less than expected market diffusion, and better medicine
♪ Triangleright cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing ♪
Team, General Manager of the Center for Modern Services Studies, 2021. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities and Development Centre as Deputy General Manager. In 2021, he was awarded 2nd in a new wealth-free suit, 1st in a crystal ball suit, 1st in a retail suit, and Sino-Sinai after graduate school in July, and joined the new Sinda Consumers Group in November 2022.
They cover the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, tax-free, visual, invisible, pet, retail, etc. Li Bong Jing, Master of Science at the Champagne branch of the University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics at the University of Finance and Economics Southwest, November 2022.
Lin Ling, Master of Finance, Xiamen School of Economics, joined the Sindam new consumption team in January 2023. The main coverage is cosmetics, which have no connection, and which will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.