Q1 +23 per cent, with sustained attention to the progress of the follow-up injection & energy pipeline: the company released its first quarterly report in 2024, and 24q1 achieved revenue of $10.411 billion.
Chinese medicine (000963) Medicine: The pharmaceutical industry & business have all achieved better performance growth.
The decline is mainly due to the impact of the high 23q1 base, where the company is expected to return to a positive growth rate of 24q2.
Xinqiao Mei realized a $257 million/yoy+22.65 per cent/ring ratio of 23q4+13.38 per cent, which is a visible increase in speed; follow-up product pipelines are expected to continue to be enriched and mailyxtreme is expected to be available, and radio frequency treatment devices v20 are expected to be available in the course of the year.
Sinklair achieved $272 million/yoy-4.40%, mainly as a result of the global slowdown in macroeconomic growth, and L. Bong Jing-Mi's research assistant, whose profitability has been driven largely by improved cost rates. 24q1 Māori/net interest rate/
At the cost end, sales/management/finance/research and development rates are optimized to varying degrees for each of the different rates outside R & D. Profit forecasts: 23 years of sustained bright growth in the company’s domestic M & A core product, YYEAN.
\triangleright Foreign Doctors make a profit and the company ' s overall medical and aesthetic operations continue to increase in their ability to make a profitable contribution; the country ' s internal medical injections & photo-electric pipe declarations are steadily moving forward on the market and can be expected to increase income.
Risk factors: less advanced clinical development, less effective market diffusion, medical beauty, 23-year review of Chinese medicine (000963.sz): regenerative +ha + meat toxy line layout, medical beauty
The ability to make a profit is expected to continue to improve.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio as Deputy Director-General of Research and Development. In 2021, he received the second in a new wealth zero suit, the first in a crystal ball suit, and the first in a retail fashion.
After graduate school in July of that year, he joined the Social Services Group for Employable Securities, and in November of 2022 he joined the New Sinda Consumers Group, covering the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, and the tax-exempt, eye-vision, invisible deformities, pets, retail, etc.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, and Bachelor of Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group, covering mainly cosmetics and medical beauty. Lin Ling, Master of Finance, University of Xiamen School of Economics, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group in January 2023.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.