The performance met expectations, the rapid growth of the medical industry & innovation towards the Chinese medicine industry (000963), the steady growth of the pharmaceutical industry and the steady growth of innovative pharmaceutical varieties. The company’s pharmaceutical industry achieved revenue in 2023.
Refocusing on the three core areas of endocrine, autoimmune, and neoplasm treatment. In 2023, Lilaru biology was approved for marketing and successfully commercialized, and in 2024, the company Usinos are antibiotic-like, arcalist, elahere, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
In March this year, the company and the Cozi pharmaceutical industry agreed on an exclusive commercial cytological treatment, and the product, Zevoki Olonsai, was approved for listing for treatment of adults with repeat or difficult multi-septic marrow tumors, and the product was released on the day it was released.
Prescription. For industrial microbes, 525 million yuan, or 60,67% of the total annual income from the removal of specific product operations. Companies continue to implement their industrial microbiology development strategy, defining the strategic layout of four main directions: xrna, special ingredients & intermediates, large health & biological materials, animal health care.
The Division will continue to accelerate international market openings, with industrial micro-organisms expected to enter a crucial year of fast-track development. The country’s medical industry is growing rapidly, and overseas doctors are losing their jobs.
The company signed a cooperation agreement with atgc and Chongqing Yan, Korea, to introduce a type of botoxin atgc-110 and to restructure a type of botoxiny001, which further enriches the medical American injection product line. At present, the company has fully covered three categories of medical American injection products, namely, regeneratives, bouric acids, and botulinum toxins.
In addition, the company’s application for registration of the optical radio frequency treatment device v20 was accepted in September 2023, and it is expected that it will be marketed in the country in 2024. The new high-end, high-end sodium acid injection with transparent sodium acid filler mailiextreme Chinese clinical trial has reached its main endpoint and shows good product safety data.
The ellansém completed all the tests in China in March 2023. The polyroic acid pulmonary protein stimulators, the lanlumav and x, were cleared by the Hainan Province Drug Surveillance Authority in December 2022.
Investment proposals: The company’s medical and industrial microbiology plates are growing fast, the pharmaceutical industry and business plates are operating robustly, and the transformation of innovation provides the imagination for the company’s medium- and long-term development. We expect the company to be 2024--- [Galactic Medicine's] East China Medicines Point Review: Performance meets expectations, 24 years steady.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Sun Yi, Nanjing University Pharmaceutical Engineering/University of New South Wales, Double Master of Business Analysis, 2021, employed in the People’s Securities Institute, 2023, and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute, mainly to provide this report to its clients. Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure quality of service, control investment risk.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.