Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
q4 income growth loops improved, profit speeds increased significantly q4 q3 q3 q4 velocity improved, and we expect mainly a growth in dream series contributions, of which m6+ has been largely replaced by m6 , m3+ is gradually starting to replace m3 , sea and sky.
A flat or partial decline. Corporate profits are growing much faster than income, total equity/flow (millions of shares) 34.5%. We believe that profit growth comes mainly from the 1904 low base plus product restructuring, Māori.
Total market value/flow (millions) Spring Festival sales dream 6 plus demand, dream 3 upgrades in an orderly transition
The end-end acceptance process, which takes the 600-7000 price band, takes over the next-higher segment of the price. The dream 3 upgrades the crystal dream, which follows the dream 6 upgrade thinking and operation, the old dream 3 stops in and out of q4 province, and the crystal release starts in November. The spring channel returns the dream 6+, the crystals.
Dreamloads are positive, dream 6+ leads to a whole series of growth, old dream 3 stocks are downgraded to very low levels, and market prices for dream series products are rising steadily. The demand for end feedback is strong, consumers are gradually accepting the price of crystald dreams, and future crystals can be expected.
Professional Qualifications Code: Personnel adjustment, equity incentives approaching, together contributing to the implementation of the 14th Five-Year Plan for the election of a new management on 23 February at a general meeting of shareholders of the company and the United East as a company.
Chairman, Chung Yu as Vice-President and President, and Liu Zhenxian as Vice-President of the company. The new Executive Director has a great deal of experience in managing economics, knowledge of business, experience in innovative and large projects, and has a strong, decisive style. The new management is expected to open up.
Fourteen hundred and fifty-five have developed new paths; while corporate buybacks of $1 billion have been completed, the equity incentive program is expected to be launched in the near future. The implementation and completion of the 14th Five-Year Plan will be facilitated in the future with the introduction of new management and equity incentives.
Ocean River Stock Event Review: The Ring has improved significantly, looking at long-term development, looking forward to 21 years, we believe that the company will continue to focus on dream 6+ and dream 3 upgrades, crystal dream, and launch the sea blue/sky blue and dream 9 upgrades. We think the company's future will continue.
In the short term, the company is in a period of accelerated recovery, the terminal stock is restored to good quality, and the business is at a turning point for 21 years, focusing on the 21-year dream 6+ and dream 3 upgrades. At the same time, equity incentives are approaching as personnel adjustments are made, contributing to the implementation of the 14th Five-Year Plan. In the long run, the company has become a national brand.
The influence of the consumer mind, which has a pre-eminence of 300+ and 600+ in the fastest growing sub-higher product line, and has a certain volume of sales, coupled with the company ' s continuous upgrading of product quality and brand power, we appreciate the company ' s short-, medium- and long-term development.
The epidemic has had a greater impact on the consumption of the white wine industry, a high degree of macroeconomic volatility, and corporate management.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report