The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreational Studies (CADE), 4020 product rotations and medium- and long-term reforms accelerated 8.98 per cent, mainly because of the crystal dream launched in November 120, the old dream No. 3 stopped stocking, and the products were produced.
The upgrade will take time; 24q20 Sea, Heaven, Dream 6+ Channel controls will absorb the inventory at a very high price, ensuring that channel 1 costs will be paid: first, the sea, the day, the channel, the profit, and the new crystal dream charge will be spent; second, the cost-approach rhythm: centralizing the charges at year-end. In addition, the fast-reported total assets and net capital will be charged.
The difference between production and production is $15.3 billion, higher than the $9.7 billion reported in the three quarters, and the contractual liability of 4q20 (i.e., the advance payment) is expected to be bright.
In the 21st spring, the sales were good, and the multidimensional reforms were successful. Follow up on recent feedback, the sales were good: the number of regions in the 6+ has doubled, and the sales of the 6+ national caliber have doubled over the same period last year.
6 series. 2 Crystal dream sales are 70-80% of the old dream, and it is expected that mid-autumn will largely replace the old dream.3 Double-click - 3-quarterly review of Ocean River shares, 3-1.5-month inventory of skyway channels, boost of channels, and 1-q21 sales are expected to increase positively
5. " 20 Young Men In Queens, The Reforms of Soo Wine Continue - Deepening - Ocean River Stock Company " , 2020.3.1 The Soo Wine is a steady journey away and the medium- and long-term performance elasticity is gradually released. 1) At the end of the income, we expect 14
In the next five years, the sea and the sea will see a growth in the number of cagr digits of income. 3 two trenches will be nationalized and the volume of income is expected to exceed 5 billion. 2) At the profit end, the long-term Māori rate and net interest rates are expected to improve further. 1 Benefiting from reduced discounts + product substitution + structural upgrading, the Māori ratio of the ocean river can increase significantly. 2 organizational restructuring is completed.
In our view, demand has been steadily restored, with the multi-dimensional reform of the product+brand plus mechanism deepening, and future incentives, such as equity, will accelerate the deepening of the dream blue, which is expected to bring about two billion singles and medium- and long-term reforms.
Liu Xing Xin, The Dream Series is not as popular as expected; The risk of recurring epidemics; The risk of competition in regional markets.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment