The new chairman took office, added a new round of growth Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 23 February, the first ad hoc shareholders meeting of the Ocean River shares in 2021 to be held for consideration
At the same time, the 7th Board of Directors elected Jang Dong as Chairman of the Yangtze Board.
On 24 January, the Yangtze Unit convened a meeting of executives to announce the decision of the Cebu City Council on the restructuring of the company's leadership. On 28 January, the Yangtze Unit passed the Election of the Board of Directors for a new term.
According to his public history, Zhang's prices are compared to 300 years' depth.
Since 2009, he has taken the lead in the Ocean Rivers New Zone, and should be familiar with the basics of the Ocean River, with the company’s principals, and with a background based on knowledge of business, business, and leadership. This time, Jang, as Chairman of the Ocean River Shares, has further made clear the Government’s proposal to do a great job.
Attitudes, new leadership accessions are expected to give greater support to corporate restructuring, leading to more government m6+ fundamental success, crystalline relay period m6+substantiation largely determinative success, and incremental upscaling models have been adopted by consumers
Feedback from companies. M6+news are on schedule, with M6+ sales in January 2021 exceeding the same level of M6 in the same period. Looking ahead, consumption in Jiangsu increased or accelerated further in 2021, leading to an accelerated expansion of 600~700 plus price belts, with m6+ expected to continue to benefit; m3 crystal presentation
The market is almost complete and has entered the marketing phase, and in January the m3 crystal version reached about 70% of the old m3 sea blue is expected to be upgraded by mid-year and end-of-year respectively, leading to the introduction of all the dominant products of the ocean.
In 2020, the company's dream blues were two core monomers, m6+, and the crystal version introduced a completely new control plate-discounting model 1.
: m3 on the market, dream blue group turned around the consumer, capital investment efficiency was improved, m6+ and crystal was formed into a combination of fists 20201125.
Co-fist; promotion of integrated vendor reform and establishment of a “one-stop shop, multi-market match” model, currently 2. Hua'an Securities _ Corporate Research _ Point Assessment Report _ Ocean River Stock Company Core Product Price System stable, company-distributors relationship significantly improved, channel sales moved
Quantities (002304); three-quarter revenue gain, turning point or full strength increase; the company's two major departments split into five, adding high-end, dream blue, sea sky, bi-crowd formation 20201022
Ministry of Industry, further refinement of the organizational structure, along with the division of product channels, some of which are directed towards the introduction of 3.
The new leadership is expected to provide greater support for the restructuring of the company, bringing more power and resources to the government. On the product, the m6+ has been largely successful, and the crystal version continues to carry a whole new channel.
The mode of profit-sharing has been extended to the mainstream alcohol industry once again at the marketing level and is expected to be combined with m6+. Adjustments have been put in place for personnel adjustment, organizational separation, channel reform, product renewal, etc., and a new sustainable growth cycle for the river is on its way.
Channel marketing was not as fast as expected; the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky were not as fast as expected; the blue of the dream m6+ and the crystal version was not as fast as expected; and the present report was produced independently and objectively using information on legal compliance, and the data and information used in the present report came from open market information, to which I wrote.
The information and comments in the report are for information only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, accepted directly or indirectly for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.