Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) On January 28, the Yang River shares published the 6th Board of Directors of the Jiangsu River Liquor Co. Ltd.
The 17th Meeting Resolution Bulletin, which considered the adoption of the Plan for the Election of the Board of Trustees for a Change of Sessions of the Board of Directors and the development of new dynamics by management, followed by the media report of 24 January, when the Secretary of the Cebu City Commission went to Yok Ha for a meeting of cadres.
According to his public history, General Zhang has been in charge of the Yangtze District since 2009 and should be aware of the basics of the river, which should be shared with the public.
The Department’s principals are familiar with, and have a background base for business, business, and leadership. Compared to the 300-year-old trend, it is known that Zhang is now engaged in research and active integration into the enterprise.
The Board reshuffle was seen as a clear expression of the Government’s attitude towards making a big ocean river, and the new leader’s accession was expected to give greater support to the company’s restructuring, bringing more government power and resources. m6+ the replacement was largely successful, with crystal-relayed relays available.
The M6+ replacement is largely judged successful, and the surrogate model of the incremental upscaling has been accepted by consumers. According to research, despite the impact of the epidemic and the fact that out-of-town recruitment took place later than planned in 2020, the return of M6+m6 has increased by a certain amount throughout the year.
Intra-consumption escalation or further acceleration, leading to an accelerated expansion of the $600 plus price belt, m6+ expected to receive the yuan, but the forward increase was slower, mainly because the same price was entered within the province after the price was raised by the older m3, the consumer took some time to accept it, and the price will be repeated after the replacement price is replaced by the next four.
Intra-provincial m3 crystalline demand is expected to move gradually to the release stage; extra-provincial m3 crystallized or benefiting from accelerated multi-provincial consumption is expected to generate some degree of increase in sinks. Channel reform is advancing steadily, and the underlying essence of product substitution is marketing model innovation.
In 2020, the company's dream blues were two core monomers, m6+. The crystal version introduced a completely new control plate-discount model (one size, multi-code connection), the cost-disbursing system was re-established, and the pay-in-service gift fees were re-established.
Turn around the consumer, respond to the distributor's charge, and the efficiency of the investment is raised (002304); m3 is on the market, dream blue group rises, m6+ is expected to form a combination box with the crystal.
The integrated, multi-traded model, the current steady upturn in the price system of the company's core products, the significant improvement in the relationship between the company and the company's research point evaluation of the river stock distributors, and the increased incentive for channel sales; the break-up of the company's two main lines of business into five.
Quantities (002.04): three-quarter revenue gains, turning points or all additions to high-end, dream blues, sea sky, twin ditches, further refinement of the organizational structure, accompanying establishment of the structures 20201022
The World Wide Fund for Indigenous Peoples (WANS) reports on the river’s shares (002.04): m3 increases in prices, dream blue brands.
On the product, the m6+ replacement has been largely successful, and the crystal version continues to be m6+ with a full new channel control plate.
The new sustainable growth cycle of the river is on the way, and the channel is not as fast as expected; the blue of the sea and the blue of the sky are not as fast as expected; the blue of the dream is not as fast as expected.
Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively from open information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.