Thirteen fifty-five is flat, fourteen fifty is ready to sail, split by quarter, four q20 is operating at $2.211 billion, an increase of 9.01 per cent, operating profits, thirteen fifty is steady, and fourteen fifty is ready to sail.
Double-digit growth with the continuation of manual classes benefiting from 1,000 dollar price band expansion, m6+ sales base, complete replacement of older m6, m3 subject to a slight decline in the listing of 4q new products, and firm prices compared to the trend of 300 deep.
The blue sky and the blue sea are still in the adjustment period or are still falling somewhat; looking forward to 2021, m6+ replacements are largely judged to be successful. According to research, m6+news are on track, and M6+ sales in January 2021 are above the same level for the same period.
The crystal version has reached about 70% of the age of m3, reference m6+ nurturing rhythm, and is expected to be released during the mid-autumn season. The next blue sky and the blue sea are expected to be upgraded by mid-year and late-year, allowing each of the dominant ocean rivers to enter a new product cycle.
The new chairman took office, management shaped the new dynamics, and on February 23, the Yang River shares held their first interim shareholders meeting in 2021, and the Yang River shares have been leading the New Ocean area since the beginning. They should know the basics of the river and should be familiar with the company's principals.
We know that there is a background for business, business, and leadership. This time, Jang is the chairman of the Yangtze Shares, a further clear expression of the government's attitude to making a big ocean, and the new leadership's membership is expected to give greater support to the company's restructuring, bringing more government power and strength to the company.
The reform of the Channels has progressed steadily, and the essence of product substitution is marketing model innovation (002.04): the new Chairman of the Board has taken up his post and added a new round.
The core of the company's two major monoliths, m6+ and m3 crystal version replacements in this round is the innovation of marketing models brought about by the brand-new board growth, 202,10223 centimeters model (one size, multi-code connection).
" Huaann Securities _ Research _ Evaluation Report _ Ocean Shares System Re-established to shift the cost of customer gifts around consumers, cost efficiency (002304); m3 Crystal version on the market, dream blue group
Upgraded, M6+ and m3 crystals have formed a combination box; promotion of integrated vendor reform to create a “one-size-fits-all” 20201125 integrated, multi-traded model, with a stable price system for the company's core products, companies and economics
"The China-Ann Stock Exchanges Study Review Report has significantly improved market relations and increased the incentive for channel sales; the company's two main lines of business have split into five pieces (002.04): three quarters of revenue has increased, at a turning point or at a full point.
The new high-end, dream blue, sea sky, two-trenched lines have been created to further refine the organizational structure, with the establishment of a separate product channel for 20201022, with some targeted efficiency improvements.
The m3 Crystal continues the new channel control board split model, has been re-established at the marketing level with the mainstream alcohol, and is expected to form a combined punch with the m6+, with a long relay. Adjustments have been put in place for inter-oceanic personnel adjustment, organizational separation, channel reform, product renewal, and a new cycle of sustainable growth week for the river.
The period is on the way. Based on the performance report, the company ' s profitability projections are adjusted less than expected, based on a new round of growth of the company ' s marketing channels; the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky are recovering less than expected; and the blue of the dream, m6+, and the crystal version is being rolled out less than expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.