The dream series will enter the release period, and the internal reform of the company will proceed in an orderly manner.
Corporate performance continued to improve, with product structure upgrading leading to higher profitability. In 2020, corporate revenue fell by 211 million, or 8.7 per cent, of which 4q20, or 2.21 billion, or 9 per cent.
In terms of total assets and net assets, the projected contract liability ring ratio of 1-3q20 (3,869 million) is 6+. With good feedback on the results of the national roll-out, the terminal price is currently stable and has entered a positive trend.
During the mid-autumn period, the company controlled the old version of Dream 3, which meant to prepare for the replacement of the dream 3 crystal. In terms of the marketing rhythm, the dream 3 crystal was only scheduled for spring and would enter the product release period in 21-22 years. (2) On the sea sky, the current phase is still in the process of adjustment, but the product price plate is still in the process of being adjusted.
In terms of corporate performance, profits are growing faster than revenues, and we believe that this is largely due to the upgrading of the company’s sub-higher product structure, thereby contributing to the increase in the Māori ratio. With new internal adjustments moving forward in an orderly fashion, management is expected to move the ocean’s institutional reforms forward.
Since the restructuring period began in the second half of 2019, reforms have been carried out in an orderly manner. (1) The product side, the dream 6+ the national market has been well received.
In terms of internal management, companies adjust their performance indicators and shift from previous results to earlier results.
In terms of incentives, the company has completed the repurchase of its own shares at a cost of $1 billion, adding the 14th and 5th opening in 2021 as the new chairman takes up his duties.
Year after year, the incentive issues are expected to accelerate in 21 years, and the ocean river will enter a new cycle of growth. Intra-firm restructuring has fallen short of expectations, and the promotion of new products outside the province has been hampered.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing