The end of the adjustment, the beginning of the new phase of development, the fast-track assessment of the performance of the Ocean River shares (002.04) in 2020, the accelerated growth of the 20q4 crop and the performance ring, the end of the adjustment
After the first recovery in the year of the 20q3 quarter harvest and performance growth, the 20q4 ring has grown at a rate consistent with our previous in-depth report " Looking back at the past glory of the ocean river and the current uplifting" (200/09/24) which has been more cost-effective for the company ' s fundamentals, with good momentum for spring-busting and a marked increase in priceboard performance and profit spreads over older products;
M3 has been upgraded to the Crystal version and is in the market extension phase, which is expected to be completed during the course of the year and to move into a growth-in-exercise phase.
Now, we keep looking at the future of the company. The new executive team has taken office, and product upgrades have continued, and the company held a general meeting of shareholders on 23 February to elect Mr. Zhang as its Chairman, Mr. Chung Yu as its Vice-President and President,
Mr. Liu is the Managing Vice-President. Chairman Zhang, who has long been rooted in housing, experience in state-owned work, is familiar with the situation in Yoon River and is expected to help speed up the convergence of the new senior management team. The current blue system of dreams opens the way to upgrading M3 and M6 of the products, and the company is expected to pick up other products in the blue classic series in the future.
Given that the positive effects of M6+ and m3 upgrades have been fully recognized by the channels, it is expected that future product upgrades will be smoother. With the new management in place, and with the continuous upgrading of the product matrix, we look forward to a new development and a return to growth during the company’s 14th Five-Year Plan.
(Averaging method), given the success of corporate restructuring initiatives, medium- and long-term growth remains optimistic, maintaining the “recommended” 1. Ocean River shares (002.04) in the third quarter of 2020.
The economic downturn has dragged demand, product upgrading and sales of new products have fallen short of expectations, food safety issues, etc.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,