Top Group (601689): Strong performance, strong future growth, smooth implementation, no profit distribution for the company in 2016.
The first auto parts enterprise has been working for years on the development and production of car shock, soundproofing, and light-quantified products. The company’s main operations have increased significantly during the reporting period, benefiting from the better general environment in the country’s automobile market and from the firm’s own precision.
Of this, 1.942 billion yuan was realized for earthquake relief products, an increase of 22.59 per cent in the same year; 1,586 million yuan was realized for interior features, an increase of 39.79 per cent in the same year; and revenue from motor electronics, a priority development area, increased at a sharp rate, with year-round income.
Corporate fundamentals (latest) – big orders for major business operations are constantly being made and their performance is strongly supported. Companies have a leading role in traditional major business shocks, soundproofing products and light-quantified products in recent years.
With solid R & D capabilities, companies have been able to move into the U.S., Chrysler, Audi, and other well-known automobile manufacturers ' supply systems.
After receiving a billion-dollar order for the e2xx project, the Gmgem project order was obtained for the Gmgem project, which will be developed in parallel with the Gmgem global platform vehicle nvh seismator, with a cumulative supply of 1.68 billion yuan.
• The company’s Māori rate has increased significantly and the cost rate has declined over time.
This growth has resulted in a significant increase in the Māori rate for corporate products. The Māori rate for companies during the reporting period was 31.24 per cent, an increase of 2.43 percentage points over the same period, with a reduction in the financial cost of the Māori rate for rubber-shocked products.
• Precision car trends and future developments. Light Quantities and intelligent driving are inevitable trends in automobile development, and companies are increasingly investing in light Quantities and intelligent driving. In light Quantities, companies use chassis and other tools.
Motivated by the existing advantages of seismic products, the active development of light-quantized suspensions and chassis components, the conclusion of light-quantified product supply and destination development agreements with Biadi and the arron automobile, and the establishment of a supplier for the Teslamodes light-quantified chassis component.
At that time, the company invested $100 million in the Ningbotup suspension to develop light and quantitative automobiles. In the field of smart driving, the company's strategic layout of the future autopilot system implements the ibs smart brakes system at the end of the chain and distributes stocks in a non-public manner.
The fund-raising guarantee project is moving forward. With the advent of the age of car intelligence, the future company plans to use car electronics as its primary business block, bringing strong momentum to the company’s sustainable development.
Given the company's current order of operations in the main business, its steady growth in performance, its dynamic new business placement and its progressive growth, which is expected to grow steadily in the future, we maintain the company's “prudentially recommended” investment rating.
Joining the Department of Chinese Securities Research and Development, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry reports that Chinese securities are produced for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.