High-performance growth has a strong future momentum - the Topper Group (601689) has a year-round review of the four main product categories where the beneficial autonomous brand rises with a high growth in performance.
Four broad categories of products have been active: Reconstructor revenues increased by 22.59 per cent to $1,942 million on a year-on-year basis, and interior features increased by the same year.
14.9% of the overall level of industry increased by 2 percentage points to 43.2% of the overall share, while the autonomous brand suv grew rapidly, by 57.6% of the year, up 4.8 percentage points to 58.2% of the overall share of suv; and 2) Stakeholder 31.24% of the company ' s Māori rate in 2016, an increase of 2.43 percentage points in the same year, with the best performance of the interior parts.
percentage points, mainly benefiting from reduced cost rates, with administrative rates reduced by 0.78 percentage points to 8.42 per cent, and sales costs largely flat. Beneficiary autonomous brand rise + strong growth momentum in the follow-up to industry trends
Externally beneficial autonomous brands have risen strongly, internal beneficiary companies have experienced historical accumulations and strategic planning to keep pace with the trend in automobiles, with strong subsequent growth momentum. 1) Seili, Fukuda and other hot-marketing models for seismic products have been tied together with global large clients, e2x and gem platform orders, to ensure that the industry is connected to the future.
Rapid growth; 2) Autonomously developed environmental material interiors have been supplied with vehicles such as Bori, Boeung, with a high individual body value; 3) metal control arms have been scaled up as customers expand with a light quantitative trend in the industry; 4) electronic vacuum pumps are the first product of the company ' s Automobile Electronics Department, the precision car smart car enforcement layer, and are being used by the company ' s electronics department.
The growth in performance is expected to double as productive capacity is released.iii. Profit predictions and investment proposals. Traditional shock relief, robust growth in interior operations provide a high security margin, and it is expected that companies will be able to quantify cars lightly in the future.
Intelligent layout and performance, and looking forward to an outward extension of the M & As initiative.
2. Report of the Tupou Group (601689) on the achievement of a Master in Software Engineering at Joaquin Rock, Beijing University, joining the People ' s Student Securities in 2012, with four years ' experience in business experience.
Management of sales in the North, in which a car electrician is responsible for national offline development and brand promotion activities, with two years of post-car business experience, investment and research in car networking, car finance, new energy battery materials, charger posts and o2o automobile services, among others. Joined the civil securities in 2016. Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management at Xian Transport University, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry.
Brand positioning, business strategic consulting; six years of experience in large commercial car enterprises, with the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing Company Markets and Commodity Management, familiarizing themselves with the strategy of the Department, product planning, marketing planning, etc. Joined civil securities in 2016. Xu Lingyu, Automobile Research Assistant. Master of Accounting, cpa, two years of professional experience, focussing on smart cars, and research in the area of new energy vehicles.
The author, with the qualifications and considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective and impartial, without any third party's approval.