Topper Group (601689.sh)
The company has received approval for the CSRC ' s non-public release of stocks, and the company intends to release 115 million shares in the next six months and raise $2,395 million for projects such as smart brakes and electronic vacuum pumps.
In 2016, the company achieved a significant 31% increase in operating income. Among these, the Automobile Electronics Department achieved a high rate of growth of $112 million a year, an increase of more than 100% a year.
The core business convulsioner business has grown steadily, with $1.942 billion in revenue, an increase of 23 per cent over the previous year. The company interior apparel business has generated $1,586 million, a 40 per cent increase over the previous year, representing an increase in the company’s performance relative to market performance (nearly 12 months)
In 2016, the Māori rate for the company ' s rubber seismator product rose by about 3%, and the Māori rate for the interior apparel product rose by more than 5%, bringing the overall Māori rate to 31.24%, compared with the increase in 2015
The company will continue to grow its auto electronics business, with a private equity fund of $2.395 billion to build smart brakes and electronic vacuum pumps. Smart brakes are a core module for unmanned and active security, and as a core module for new energy vehicles, they have huge market space, and they're not in the car industry.
An important part of the development process. With this public release, the company smart brake system project and the electronic vacuum pump project will be well developed to enhance the company’s competitive position in the core parts of cars and maintain its leading industry.
The core business has been active in opening new markets, and the future portfolio capacity has continued to expand. The company ' s core Nvh (shock relief, noise mitigation) business has been active in offshore markets, and the company gained a universal global platform in 2016, following a $1 billion order for the global platform e2xx project in 2015.
In addition, in 2016, the company obtained orders for the global leader of the new energy car, the lightly quantifying of the aluminium alloy chassis, and the related orders for the country’s new energy vehicle, the lightly quantifying of the hangar system. In 2016, the company succeeded in expanding its market.
In order to meet the demand arising from the strong rise of autonomous brands and the expansion of overseas markets, companies are actively expanding the productive capacity of future operations, building production bases in a number of locations for operations such as Nvh, and expanding the productive capacity of businesses. The Nvh business is expected to remain within the larger sales base of the future core of the company.
This can be maintained at a higher rate: 27 times the year, 19 times the year, 16 times the year. On the precautionary principle, we give Tupou 31 times the time, investment projects are not as fast as expected, and spare parts are not sold as expected.
Figure 4: pb-band Institute sales team Author with qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels, with points
The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party ' s approval or approval.