Performance is largely in line with the expected increase in the approved electronic boost of automobiles - Tupou Group (601689) Quarterly Review 2017. Quarterly reports issued by companies in 2017: RMB 1,166 million in operating income from 2017 q1, representing an increase of 47.72 per cent over the previous year;
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is $173 million, an increase of 37.34 per cent over the same period.
The sustained high growth in corporate performance has been due to the strong rise of domestic self-owned cars, especially the continued high growth in the sale of the company’s large customer, Gilley, and the average of the leading industries. The slight decline in the Māori Ring ratio has been largely influenced by changes in product structure.
Interest rates have fallen slightly, but remain high in the industry, and we judge that the decline is mainly due to changes in the product structure of the company: the share of the sale of the interior parts in the four main product categories has continued to rise, but the Māori ratio is relatively low, and therefore the overall level has been reduced.
The percentage point to 7.67% and the financial cost rate was positive for the first time, mainly as a result of the increase in interest on bank loans, which affected net corporate interest rates over a certain period of time.
In keeping with industry trends, precision card-bit smart car executives, the company is planning to raise up to $2.395 billion in additional funds for electronic vacuum pumps and smart brakes projects, and has now received approval from the SEC for additional approvals and launch procedures.
Electronic vacuum pumps, which are the first product of the company ' s Automobile Electronics Department, sold 360,000 units in 2016, are fast growing but still suffering from insufficient production capacity, and are expected to accelerate the release of the electronic vacuum pumps with the delivery of the production capacity as the project progresses; in addition, the second product smart brake system, with an international lead in technology, is expected to take place in 2018.
Quantified output, first product with a stick, aid company moving towards a smart driver's executive giant.iii. Profit predictions and investment proposals. Traditional shock relief, robust growth of interior operations provide a high safety margin, and watch the company's future be lightly quantified in automobiles.
Intelligent layout and performance, and looking forward to an outward extension of the M & As initiative. According to the targeted increase in total equity, 760 million industries have become more competitive and less marketable than expected, and new business layouts have not progressed as expected.
1. Tupou Group (601689) Quarterly Report 2017: A Strong Power for Growth in the Future with High Performance Growth, 2. Tupou Group (601689) Quarterly Report 2016
Yu Kai Gon, Master of Business and Business Administration, Qinghua University, and an expert in auto circulation and post-services. He was in charge of marketing management in the North, in charge of underground development and branding activities in a car electrician and two years of entrepreneurship in the post-car market.
Investment and research in the area of car networking crm, auto finance, new energy battery materials, power-filling stumps and o2o automobile services. Joined in 2016. Zhang Dongdong, University of Xian Transport, Master of Business Management, cumulative nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. Three years of consulting experience in management consulting, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, business strategic consulting; six years of experience in the work of large commercial enterprises, familiar with the public through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing Company Markets and Commodity Management.
Xu Ling Yu, assistant in automobile industry research. Master of Accounting, cpa, two years of experience, focus on smart cars, new energy automobiles.
Channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking objectivity, impartiality, through reasonable judgement and conclusion of conclusions not directed by any third party,