Company review report  Household appliances 02 shows a negative growth in performance, new strategies accelerate America’s group (000333.sz)
The United States Group released its mid-2020 report, which achieved a gross operating income of $13.97 billion in 2020h1, a decrease of 9.47 per cent in the same year; and a net return profit of $13.9 billion in the same year, a decrease of 8.29 per cent.
In the first quarter of 2002, $81.4 billion was collected, an increase of 321 per cent over the previous quarter; in the net return to the mother $9.1 billion, an increase of 0.65 per cent over the same period. (i) The negative growth in corporate q2 growth
The company lost 9.47% of its operating income in the same year, with the growth rates of q1 and q2 going up at each of the same rates.
Retail sales amounted to 92,299,4 million yuan, a decline of 22.5 per cent, 16.4 per cent and sub-operations, respectively, of 64,030 million yuan for heating air conditioning and consumer appliances during the reporting period, a decrease of 10,37 per cent and 9.11 per cent over the same period, all of which outperformed the industry.
The data show that in the first half of the year, the share of retail sales on the company air-conditioning line and offline market increased by 7.6 per cent and 6.0 to 37.4 per cent and 34.2 per cent, with a small increase in the offline market share of washing machines and refrigerators.
And to reduce investment activity, the main business of Kuka has declined significantly, resulting in $9.5 billion in corporate robotics and automated systems, representing a significant decline of 20.79 per cent. By region, domestic and foreign revenues decreased by $77.2 billion and $61.8 billion, respectively.
Sub-channels show a faster and higher rate of revenue from online sales. In the first half of 2020, the United States sold more than $43 billion, a 30-per-cent increase.
This represents 49 per cent of all domestic sales, ranking first on the Internet, and maintaining industry status first in the household full product category for eight consecutive years on mainstream power platforms such as Kyoto, Skycat, Suninger, etc. Net cash flows from corporate operations during the reporting period amounted to $18.4 billion, compared to the same amount.
The main reason for this is lower cash received by companies for selling goods and providing services. (ii) Corporate profitability is stable. Māori sales by companies in 2020h1 were 25.56%, a decrease of 3.92 pct in comparison.
The main reason for this is that prices in the air-conditioning sector have been more competitive in the first half of the year, and the average price of the product has fallen more. During the reporting period, companies sold, (iii) “two full-scale” strategies accelerated, TSG was committed to moving from a hardware-based to a data-driven innovative technology group, and the second proposal was made by the United States in early 2020.
The second major transformation, “full digitalization and comprehensive intelligence”, was the use of digital technology to transform the entire value chain into business depth, aiming to become a digital pole company; and the forward-looking layout of new products, services and business models implemented with smart technologies, products and scenes to catch up with Internet enterprises in competition.
5g+Industrial Internet Application, Auxiliary Group “two comprehensive” strategy. American cooking and electricity demonstration parks were identified by the Guangdong Department Department of Industry and Informatization as the first “5g+Industrial Internet” application demonstration in Guangdong Province, 11 5g+Industrial Internet application sites were piloted in the first half of the year, and strategic collaboration was established with the three major domestic telecommunications operators and Chinese producers to connect in 5g+ Industry.
Companies have introduced multi-brand combinations and synthesizing products, and have actively deepened the transformation of channels, with more certainty in performance restoration. My risks of price fluctuations in raw materials, less than expected completion of real estate, and more than expected risk of overseas epidemics.