The American Group (000333) has a review report. 07/09/2020.
- America's semi-annual report of 2020, channel flattening, q2 battalion back on track, market value in circulation (millions of dollars):
And the rise in competition in the air-conditioning sector, where the company ' s Māori ratio fell by 3.92 pct to 25.56 per cent in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis, and where the cost of corporate sales rose steadily in the first half of the year compared to the share of intra-company sales in the first half of 2020, with an increase in the share of air-conditioning lines by 7.6 pct to 25.56 per cent.
27.3 per cent below the line; 1.9cpt to 19.0 per cent above the same line and below the same line.
"A full digitalization, full intelligence-led digital transformation of companies. 5g+Industrial Internet pilots were conducted in 11 campuses in the first half of 2020 and with three countries.
In terms of cloud platform construction, the company is now on the line with 15 Paas services.
Eight saas products, which provide services to more than 3,000 business clients on srm cloud, source-seeking cloud, wind-controlled cloud, etc.
The rate will increase further, and with the expansion of overseas channels, firms’ overseas operations are expected to replicate high domestic growth rates, maintaining a “growth” of corporate ratings. Channel flattening is less than expected, the digitalization process is less than expected, and the price of raw materials is volatile.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.