US Group: q2 income earnings reversed, and fee-control effectiveness highlighted efficiency advantages.
q2 earnings are reversed and overseas orders are growing steadily. In the first six months of operations, heating air conditioners, consumer appliances, robotics earned 10.4%, Lochyang - 9.1%, and 20.8% respectively. According to industry online data, 20h1 dollars worth of air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines sold were equal to -2.3/+7.0/-16.9%.
According to Ovie, the market share of the US air-conditioning line is 37.4.34.2 per cent (+7.6.6.0.0 ptt); the market share of the refrigerator line is 19/14.3 per cent (+1.9/18 pt); the market share of the washing machine on line is 34.6/27.3 per cent (+2.1/0.0ptt) and the market share of the rest of the household line is 25.3/20.5 per cent (+2.6/0.7 ptt).
In the first half of the year, overseas revenues amounted to $61,833 million (-0.44 per cent), but export orders amounted to more than +10 per cent of the same year, further reflecting the company’s scarcity of high-quality production capacity and products. According to the Kuka financial disclosure, the q2 kilocalories achieved 544 million euros, or 32.1 per cent of the same amount; the amount of the orders was 552 million euros, or 39.6 per cent of the same amount; in the first half of the year, manufacturing industries such as downstream cars in China and overseas areas were affected by the epidemic, and robotic orders fell; but the healthy medical plates performed relatively well, with incomes falling by just 4.8 per cent.
Ebitmargin is 2.5% (year-on-year +3.4pt). The Māori ratio for air conditioning promotions has declined, and the cost-control effectiveness has highlighted the efficiency advantage.The Māori ratio of company q2 quarter  has decreased by 25.86%, compared to 4.69pt; Māori as a whole in the first half of the year \triangleright
The average price for the first half of the year was 3120/4110/2393 for air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, and 11.42% for the same year, compared to 0.7 pct, and 10.12% for the first half of the year, down 0.33 pct for the same year.
In the first half of the year, companies actively controlled the marketing cost input, with a sales cost rate of 9.04 per cent, a significant decrease of 3.61 pct. In March, the Director of Public Administration took the lead in the voluntary freezing of salaries and actively engaged in internal downswings, with an q2 management rate of 2.57 per cent, a decrease of 0.87 pct. The United States, based on a difficult external environment, maintained a stable investment in R & D innovation in the long run, with a 3.16 per cent increase in R & D costs in the first half of the year, an increase of 0.22 pct. The financial cost of the first half of the year - 0.72 per cent.
The business cash flow of 20h1 company ' s inventory and accounts receivable swing days are 47.08/28.69, which is \triangleright less than one quarter, respectively
The balance of advance return on other current liabilities is $28.75 billion, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period.
4. q2 operating net cash flow of 10.74 billion yuan, or 7.96% of the year, and the quality of the second quarter statement is solid. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We believe that, under the stress of the first half of the year, companies maintain a robust income performance, and that the market share and profitability significantly outpace industry and competitors, reflecting strong efficiency advantages of the company.
The efficiency advantages of the Division’s digitalization, as well as its diversified business layout, are expected to help companies reduce their business volatility and move through cycles towards a 100-year-old firm with robust operations Risk factors: macroeconomic volatility risk; price volatility risk of raw materials; offshore expansion less than expected; and product expansion less than expected.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.