The American conglomerate (000333) has recovered its resilience quickly and its online channels have led to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
The net profit of the mother is 13.93 billion yuan, a decrease of 8.3 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the mother is 13.36 billion yuan, a decrease of 0.7 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the mother is 86.40 billion yuan, a growth of 2 per cent in the same year.
By sub-product, the company's heating air conditioning/consumable electrical/robot business has achieved an increase in the company's focus on product strength, sustained optimization of product structure, and a strong business resilience and organizational agility, with an overall increase in the market share. According to Ovi Cloud Network data, the company's air conditioning/washer/friger line is on board.
The market share rose by 7.6 pp/2.1 pp/1.9 pp over the same period, and the market share below the line by 6 pp/0 pp/1.8 pp over the same period. It is assumed that this was mainly due to lower average prices in the air-conditioning sector during the epidemic, as well as to a higher percentage of low-cost, mostly on-line channels.
Cost expenditure, sales/management/financial cost rates of 9 per cent/6 per cent/-0.6 per cent, respectively, with the same-year change, deepening channel changes and leading the way online. Companies continue to promote channel transformation, investing in engineering channels. The 2020h1 harvest has increased by more than 20 per cent over the same year, with a cumulative increase of more than 70 new clients, adding more.
Over 40 product categories, the range of clients in the real estate sector has been expanding. Online channels have grown rapidly, and are now strongly leading. During the reporting period, the United States sold more than $43 billion on the Internet, representing an increase of more than 30 per cent, representing 49 per cent of domestic sales, while the main power-market platform has maintained its home-based full product category first for eight consecutive years.
Digitalization works to improve efficiency and build home-wide smart homes. The 11 campuses of the company are piloting 5g+Industrial Internet and are working with the country’s three major telecommunications operators and with China to build strategic partnerships.
In a paradigm shift, smart household power activation increased by 33 per cent from the beginning of the year, offline smart products ranged by 78 per cent, and more than 10 million households used beautiful home-based smart-house services.
The long-distance path (2020-04-30) will maintain a combined growth rate of 11.6 per cent over the next three years and a “buy-in” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.