Murray Medical (300.760.sz)
During the period under observation, it can be seen that the cost of sales, management costs (including research and development costs) and finance were due to a significant decrease in financial costs due to exchange gains and losses.
As can be seen from the offerbooks, the cost of life information and support products, in vitro diagnostics and three-quarters of the company ' s seventeen years of operation declined faster, and the company ' s substantive performance should grow slightly less than income growth, driven mainly by relatively low levels of Maori in vitro diagnostic products.
The market is very promising in the scarce stock of the platform medical equipment company, which was founded in 1996 and whose core figures, Seo-hyun and Li Saitin, were from the country's leading research and development agencies and started their business with a guardian and blood cell analyser.
First-class medical video companies such as Anke and others have joined forces, and in 05 they were involved in the lottery, in 11 years of in vitro diagnosis, all rapidly becoming giants, one by one, and it is clear that companies are unique in terms of R & D, management, sales, etc., and that there is no reason to grow up to be a big platform leader in the industry.
Acquisition of datascape, 13 years of M&A of zonare, with high-end custodians and high-end colour super-technology, respectively, effectively extending the product lines to higher ends and opening up the pattern of M&As with endogenous development over the past few years, which is currently a unit of medium-sized equipment.
The only platform company in the market, and it can work together. For example, the two high-end super-resona8 and sal9,000 immuno-waterline products introduced by Murray in 18 years, both of which were used to identify the technological base of the M & A enterprise while building up the high-end products developed by the self-help team, are powerful.
Companies are market leaders, competitively well, and we give them an “enhancement” rating. The market for already existing products is not as popular as expected; and the registration of products is not as technical as expected.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.