Launching the Quality Return Double Action Program to build a community of destiny with investors.
# Export-Oriented # Large Shareholders Increase # Less Cheap Events: February 6, 2024, company announcement.
The company will promote a “double-return-quality” programme of action that will yield high-quality performance returns to a wide range of investors, effectively enhancing investors’ sense of access. Engineering machines will take the lead in climbing the Everest of the global industry.
Xu is a country with a long history of engineering and machinery for more than 80 years, leading product competitiveness, with 16 host-product markets occupying the highest position in the country, leading Chinese engineering and machinery to secure the world’s first largest bloc. Companies insist on innovative leadership, creating “Global First.”
The company will continue to insist on innovative leadership, further deepening the transformation of the global system of synergistic innovation. Building a solid governance base that fully respects and defends the interests of investors.
The company is committed to strengthening the governance base, raising the normative level of operation, with external directors in the board, investors in the board of directors, shareholders in the board of directors, and investors in the board of directors holding three board observer seats; among the seven directors of the board of directors of the company, there are four shareholders in the board of directors, three of whom are investors in the board of directors. In addition, the company has been selected for six consecutive years for information disclosure.
Companies will continue to strengthen and communicate with investors, fully respecting and defending the interests of investors at large, and building healthy and transparent investor relationships.
From 2022 to the present, the company has implemented two cash dividends totalling $4,489 million, representing 30% of the net profit distribution for the same period. The company will provide returns to a large number of shareholders at the right time, along with increasing cash dividends.
Review: single-season profits are affected by exchange, and the report holds  engineering machinery: cme estimates January sales of excavators equal to +7 per cent and industry estimates cme sales of 11,200 excavators (including exports) in January 2024, an increase of 7 per cent over the same period.
Xu Engineering Machinery (000425), which was reported in mid-2023, is now growing. The base for domestic sales of engineering machinery is low, with 90,000 domestic sales in 2023.
Based on the eight-year domestic stock of 1.7 million excavators, the average annual renewal demand is estimated at around 150,000, and the engineering and machinery industry is expected to warm back in 2024.
With the high-quality growth of performance in the context of globalization, we maintain the company ' s 2023-2025 net profit forecast for the mother, and the Eastern Wu Securities Company Limited, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.