The profits of the asset-based, flexible life-risk target are growing better, and the build-up of the door is performing better, with the prospect of a better bet. At the end of the line: a new strategy for professional market-based reform, the transition initiatives are going to other head-level risk-taking initiatives.
On the team side, a new “Basic Law” has been introduced, focusing on merit-based individuals and merit-based organizations, with an emphasis on personal empowerment, which is expected to contribute to the continued improvement of per capita productive capacity, with the equivalent of 10,000 yuan per month for agents of the civil service, with peace, national life and the preservation of the patriarchy at more than 20,000;
In the area of services, a matrix of service brands such as the Xinhua Council Members' Private Service System, the Xinhuaan Market Price (KNMB): 51.28 yuan in home-based old-age services has been introduced to fill the gaps in the relevant service areas.
Assets end: Beta is significantly more elastic than a colleague. The higher equity elasticity of the company is reflected in three aspects: first, equity allocation is higher than that of other companies, and, after the elimination of priority shares, the share + fund allocation rate for New China is 17.6%, with peace, eunuch, national life, etc.
90 per cent of equities and all funds were accounted for in the fvtpl account, after 92.3 per cent of the life of the nation, 37.9 per cent, 79.2 per cent and 66.3 per cent, respectively; third, equity leveraged through the calculation of “(equity + fund)/net parent asset” as of Xinhua 2024h1
Leveraging amounted to 2.89, while peace, life, euphoria, euphoria, résumé, résumé, etc., contributed 39% to the profit rate. In terms of return on investments, the value of unlabelled assets expired significantly (as a percentage of the annualized net return on investment in Xinhua - 0.2 to 3.2%, and the return on total investment was the same as the return on total investment).
a/The implied long-term investment rate of return is assumed to be only 2.0 per cent and 0.7 per cent for the valuation of the stockpev, and the long-end interest rate is measured to drop out over expectations; sales at the front end are below expectations; equity markets are volatile.
I. Overview of companies: Treasury Holdings State Life Insurance Company 1.1 Company Profile: Treasury Holdings Life Insurance Company Year, Central Remittances became Xinhua Holdings, 31.34 per cent of which were held as of 2024h1, together with its adoption
(b) The second largest shareholder in Xinhua is the Iron and Steel Treasure Company, holding 12.09 per cent of the shares, together with the holdings of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Hua Po (1.94 per cent), under the authority of the State Council, which invests in key State-owned financial enterprises without interfering in the day-to-day operation of the controlling enterprises;
1.2 Management team: Xinhua Insurance Director Yang Yuseng, Vice-President Xin Xian Bo, Assistant President Lee Wen Feng and Liu Ji Yong are all from the China Investment Corporation; President and Head of Finance Gong Heung Feng, Vice-President Wang Xingwen, who is in charge of Risk, and Assistant President Liu Xian, who is in charge of Operations, are all from China.
1.3 Performance performance: Net profits fluctuated more from the end of the asset, nbv returned to the growth cycle with a 12.8 per cent compound increase in net profit returns from Xinhua between 2012 and 2022, with greater inter-annual fluctuations, mainly associated with investment end fluctuations, and the impact of investment end fluctuations on profits was further magnified under the new financial instrument guidelines.
Xinhua nbv grew at a four-year deep decline from 2019, from $12.2 billion in 2018 to 2022.
The strategic changes in Xinhua Insurance are closely related to management changes, with two major strategic shifts in 2016-2022 in health insurance, and the launch of a professional market-based reform by the new management in 2023 into a new phase of development.
Large-scale growth, risk leaping and re-entry, specialization, market-based transformation, health insurance.
Greater development of long-term health risk operations, compressed roll-out and paid-off of the “second take-off” new strategy: stabilization of the first tier, asset breakthrough of the trillions platform, strengthening of the strategic layout of regional market institutions
The company’s health insurance policy, which accounts for the new premium, is growing at the same time as the value of the scale and the efficiency of the industry’s synergies. • Promotion of a professional workforce, last year.
The main strategy is to jump in and return to silver insurance. 1) In 2019, to make up for • to insist on a “healthy sea” transition without a significant expansion of manpower. +19.5%, counterproductive sea tactics are unsustainable, and the agents have been fast-tracked since 2021.
Focusing on clients, developing client stratification, a period of relatively low growth in the size of the workforce, which has fallen in 2016-2017, has not yet ended down.) More weight has been added to the silver insurance channel.
Managed, built around high-end client demand, positioned as “contribution scale, value balance”, replenished risk through silver insurance, high-server service system
Deepen institutional reform, and in the next step, starting with the transformation in 2016, the Xinhua product structure, channels and fine-tuning of the management process.
The structure has continued to be optimized, the value rate has risen significantly, and in 2018, the evaluation mechanism was followed, leading to the establishment of a cadre of people working together in the interior.
The Liang Dao structure (down from 73 per cent in 2018 to 29 per cent in 23 years) is based on the principle of marketization, with Hsing serving as Chairman of the Xinhua Board in March 2016, and the Xinhua Five-Year Plan's Value Transformation Strategy for Xinhua Life.
Business restructuring, focusing on long-term pay-offs and guaranteed products, cutting off high-impact, but not long-term development, is aimed at creating a business model that will sustain growth and safeguard-led higher value rates. Since 2016, the transformation has begun, with Xinhua product structures and channel structures being optimized, and new business values leading the way.
During the transition, the company cut off the business, focused on the long-term delivery and guaranteed products, and worked to build 78% of the roll-over, with the continued utility of the roll-over premium on the total premium. (2) The company focused on health insurance, focusing all its resources on health risk.
The company’s health insurance policy accounts for more services from the 2014 clean-up code Chart 12: Xinhua’s health insurance policy accounts for the new policy policy
Since 2016, companies have been pushing for a structural shift in channels to develop a risk-based business. But companies have not followed other companies, building on the “demographic dividend” and “policy liberalization” to expand their human capacity, but have been insisting on a “healthy sea” transition in team-building, with people of scale.
On the other hand, the company’s continued narrow cash bonding has led to a steady increase in the contribution of new risk sheets, from 30.9 per cent in 2015 to 47.9 per cent in 2015, far below the level of peace and security in 2015 and catching up by 2018. The company’s better performance in nbv has largely benefited from a strong shift in corporate values to develop health risk products, optimize product and channel structures, and promote business quality improvement.
However, Xinhua Insurance has faced a period of transition in this round, with reduced premiums leading to a decline in the size of the company as a whole, from 5.2 per cent in 2016 to 4.2 per cent in 2017, to its seventh place in the market and, for the first time in 2018, to the world’s 500th largest, facing greater resistance to reform. In January 2019, the head of the Xinhua Life Board resigned from his post.
In August 2019, Xinhua Insurance Chief Executive Officer Lee assumed his duties and proposed a new strategy for Xinhua Insurance, specifically, “Step 1 status stabilization, asset breakthrough of the trillions platform, synchronized value growth and industrial synergies”.
In the next three to five years, the company will rely on insurance owners to build a unified wealth management platform based on its overall “1+2+1” development strategy (“1). Midday top-up agent to compensate for the loss of the last round of staff build-up dividends.
Hearts, using regional integration to leverage their respective strengths, narrow the regulatory radius, and enhance policy implementation and market agility. But since 2021, the Xinhua agents have begun to experience a large decline, down to 139,000 (the highest point in 2020) due to industry-specific effects that do not match the capabilities of agents and the circle with the demand of clients for specialized services.
Figure 21: Agents & Qualified Agents
Positioning, “Sizing the contribution, balancing the value”, adding a premium to the silver insurance channel, driving the new bond contribution from 18 per cent in 2018 to 65 per cent in 2022, while the company achieved a positive value contribution from the silver insurance channel by crushing the cost. By 2022, the netv contribution from the silver insurance channel was up to 14 per cent.
Largely uplifted, and expected to add more value. Release of savings demand, high-risk sale of savings on debt insurance, 3.5% overhang, 2024h1 debt overhang, nbv 2.32023.8 to date: new strategies for professional market-based reform, transition initiatives aligned to other headline risks
By the end of 2023, the chairman, executive director and party secretary of the new company, Yang Yu, based on the core issues facing the company, will be proposing a new strategy for professional market-based reform with forward-looking, systematic and holistic approaches to change.
Ten aspects of household services, product R & D, and institutional mechanisms need to be more marketed. The first step in the transition is to promote institutional change, including top-level design, personnel finance, etc., and the second is to reform business development, including products, workforces, channels, services, and well-being.
At the end of the year, Xinhua Insurance introduced a new Basic Law to guide the development of the “professionalization, specialization, elitism” of the workforce, focusing on merit and merit, focusing on merit and merit organizations, with emphasis on individual empowerment, while at the same time strengthening the organization: supporting measures to strengthen recruitment standards, basic management, and the system of honour.
Formal launch of the “xin generation” team-building project and the “heart service” client service eco-system. The “xin generation” team-building project is aimed at creating a cadre of highly qualified financial personnel, a professional and high-quality career development platform, and a long-term efficient marketing management system to promote the camp through the “five upgrades”
In addition to the new basic law, which was introduced in late 2023, the promotion system has been tested for “better or better” work guidance to catch new front-end entrance screenings, middle-end processes.
Control, back-to-back newcomers develop three components, embedding support for superior management behaviour, gradually developing merit, merit, eugenic, eugenic, and “heart service” client service eco-systems that aim to create multi-layered customer service eco-coopers, with successive roll-out of the “NinhuaChange” personalization service system, the “Ninhuaan” home-based old-age service system and other service brands, filling the relevant service areas.
In addition, Xinhua Insurance has signed a partnership agreement with Xinjin, the first group of high-quality cooperative old-age communities to be formally located, and to be able to deploy the pension service industry faster by means of light assets. Xinhua’s specialized market transformation, based on the search for gaps, bridging boards, and a change in the top-level system design and organizational structure.
The commitment and systemic nature of the transition are reflected in the strength of the Gretchen, Landing Teams and Product Services Transformation Initiative, which has been aligned to top-level risks, and the subsequent transformation has been seen to be effective. Overall, the proportion has increased, from 35.7 per cent in 2016 to 49.1 per cent in 2024h1, but the bond allocation rate remains low.
The high equity elasticity of the company is reflected in three aspects: first, the equity allocation ratio is higher than that of other companies, and after the elimination of priority shares, the share Xinhua insurance + fund allocation ratio of Xinhua 2024h1 was 17.6 per cent, the balance sheet was 10.8 per cent for the same period, the profit scale was more sensitive to the stock market than the 92.3 per cent for the same period, and the balance sheet was 92.3 per cent for the same period.
37.9 per cent, 79.2 per cent, 66.3 per cent; third, equity leverage through “equity plus funds)/motherhood net assets” is higher than his company's. As of 2024h1, Xinhua equity leverage was 2.89 per cent, and during the same period, peace, life, euphoria, e.g. 0.60 per cent, and scavenging for more services.
Figure 31: Leverage of equity in listed enterprises
More flexible, since the introduction of the new financial instruments guidelines, the rate of return on total investment has fluctuated more than the share of industry.
The positive growth of the liabilities is expected to continue, and the asset end is under greater pressure for 25 years under a very high base. 1) The liability end: Resident savings is the first full year of the new chairman's term, with a strong demand for performance, and Nbv is expected to remain on a high base, and the assumption of return on investment implicit in the current corporate valuation remains low and understated. As of 24 February, Xinhuabo
Insurance a/h shares 2023 pev values 0.64 and 0.32x respectively, lower than those of a listed partner, such as Peace, Life of Nation, Escort, etc., mainly due to the earlier weakness of its liability base, the degree of adjustment during the depth adjustment period being greater than that of its partner, and the current company has moved from the top 37: Insurance companies ' present valuations imply a pessimistic return on their investments
1) Long end interest rates are over-expected: re-investment pressure on insurance funds increases or further raises concerns about spread risk, pressure 2) front end sales fall short of expectations: interest rates run low, interest rates are set or adjusted again for insurance products, interest market fluctuations are reduced for savings insurance products 3) interest market fluctuations: drag investment gains and profit performance.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market