Centre for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services
A significant recovery in profit margins, with a significant increase of 131 per cent in hand orders 1.
The company issued a three-quarter report in 2020, which generated 2,485 million yuan in revenue in the first three quarters, 32 per cent higher than the increase in non-net profits in q1 and 23.81 per cent in hand orders: net profit returns to mothers were $524 million, an increase of 11 per cent in the same period.
One hundred and fifteen million yuan, an increase of 22.4 per cent in the same year: a net return of 247 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 12.07 per cent in the same year.
4. Midring 1.4 billion light volts pre-selection, benefiting silicon. The company ' s Māori rate was 33.74 per cent in the first three quarters, with a net interest rate of 20.83 per cent; the Māori rate was 39.03 per cent in the single three quarters, with a net interest rate of 24.29 per cent, with a significant increase in the ring ratio.
5. Performance meets expectations and expects the semiconductor large silicon pieces to be set at 924 million yuan, a significant increase of 115.81 per cent over the same period.
As of 30 September 2020, the company had not completed a contract for crystal growth and intelligent processing equipment totalling $5.9 billion, of which $410 million had not been completed for semiconductor equipment (the above contract amounts include a value added tax) and a significant increase of 131% in hand orders over the same year, with a significant increase in performance next year.
The semiconductor equipment is being produced at an accelerated rate, and in the first three quarters, a single $4.5 billion was signed in photovoltaics, and sapphire is being transferred to consumer electronics.
Full coverage, products have entered the client line in bulk and national production is accelerating; 12 inches of silicon crystals, small batches of long furnaces, and 12 inches of processing equipment development and industrialization are accelerating. The company has developed a third generation of semiconductor material sic long-crystals, extended equipment, of which the sic long-crystals have been delivered.
Clients use, extension equipment completes technical validation, industrialization prospects are good. (2) In the field of photovoltaics, companies maintain the first share of the market for new orders, and in the first three quarters of this year, new photovoltaics were acquired, with orders in excess of $4.5 billion, a larger increase than in the same period last year.
Shareholdings, crystalline energy, crystal arctic technology, on-board numerical control, Attez, etc. (8621),61357595 in the field of sapphire materials, companies and the world's leading consumer electronic window protection for the production of long-term blues technology.
A strategic collaboration was reached, with a joint venture to build a sapphire material manufacturing base in Ningxia to pre-position sapphire materials for their scale applications in the consumer electronic applications. Single crystalline silicon expansion was lower than expected: semiconductor equipment orders were lower than expected.