1. The company will launch a joint venture with LanceTech on the creation of a holding subsidiary for foreign investment.
Division, industrial sapphire crystals manufacturing and processing business. 2. Company issues stock incentive scheme drafts, first awarded 227 persons, stock awarded 4.2356 million shares, awarded Golden Wheel Investment Management Committee
• Strengths complement each other and join forces, taking advantage of technological changes in the industry, and sapphire business prospects.
51%. Leanths provides market resources, crystals power provides production, technology. Linth Technologies requires a share of the market value (millions of dollars). Sapphire crystal products should be given priority in the use of new company products under the same conditions; crystals engine power charges.
The new company is responsible for the development, production and management of its products.
Blues and technology are leading in the field of blue bobstone products, with long-standing collaborations with apples, Samsung, and Chinese brands. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the global market for sapphire will be larger than $10 billion by 2024.
As consumption rises and a new generation of panels display technological advances, the new generation of display technologies, represented by microlled, miniled, has emerged in recent years, promising to upgrade the market space for sapphire materials.
• Implementation of equity incentives, full mobilization of core staff motivation, to a total of 227 persons, including company directors and senior managers, for the first time
This incentive is one of the conditions for lifting sales during the year to meet the company's performance appraisal targets, based on 2019 operating income.
Motivation to fully mobilize corporate managers and core staff to ensure corporate development strategies, disease control less than expected, expansion of the photovoltaic and semiconductor industries less than expected, industry competition
Sphere risks, certification of new company products, etc. are not as high as expected.