On October 28th, 2020, Davis double-clicked.
(a) Jubabe event: the company released its three-quarters report for 2020, with a revenue of $2.49 billion for 2020q1-q3 +23.8 per cent on the same date;
In the single quarter of q3, the company achieved income of $1.01 billion, i.e. +22.4 per cent, ring +34.5 per cent; net profit of 250 million yuan, i.e. +12.1 per cent, ring +74.1 per cent; net gain of $230 million, i.e. non-mortality + 4.1 per cent, ring + 86.2 per cent, and continued good performance of the company, with all three major lines of business.
▪ A small decline in net interest rates from the strategic layout, with good cost controls over the period, 39.0 per cent, corresponding to 1.6 pct, ring to + 12.2 pct, due mainly to the company's ability to take over the market in the early stages of the pyroclastic silicon penetration, and we expect to be profitable with the introduction of new items.
The net operating cash flow of the company increased significantly, with a doubling of the amount received in advance, and the net operating cash flow of the company during the previous three quarters amounted to $924 million, compared to +11.6 per cent, resulting in a significant improvement in liquidity. As at 2020q3, the corporate contract liability stood at $2.22 billion, compared to +126 per cent; the inventory stood at $1.91 billion.
The dollar, equal to 44.1 per cent, represents a corresponding increase in the size of the company's sales and is expected to continue its year-round performance.
The sale of a list of products will guarantee long-term orders for crystallizer electric sapphire materials, while crystallization will be supported by the use of Lancet 1 and Crystal Electric (300316): hands-held resources for collaborative technology development, long-term sustained expansion, etc.
The bluespoon sapphire, the supply of demand, continued investment, further growth in productive capacity, and a significant increase in future sapphire operations as a share of revenue, with the prospect of a re-engineering of crystals 2020-09-30.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: not taking into account the increase in the value of the sapphire business to the company, I double the amount, semiconductor silicon extensions, single crystal project expansion, central equipment dealers directly.
1. Performance was as expected, and the three major business plates were well on track. o3 Quarters showed that the company achieved income of $1.01 billion, i.e. +22.4 per cent, ring + 34.5 per cent, and net profit return.
250 million yuan, +12.1 per cent for the same year, +74.1 per cent for the ring, +230 million net profit for the non-mother, +4.1 per cent for the same year, and +86.2 per cent for the ring, the firm ' s performance continued to be positive, with effective progress being made in all three business sectors. (1) In the area of photovoltaic equipment, the company maintains the first share of the market for new orders, with a new single surplus of 2020o1-o3 signed.
Four and a half billion dollars and a deep partnership with the country’s photovoltaic company, its central ring shares, crystal energy, crystals technology, on-board control, Attez, etc. In the context of the continued realization of the logic of the new production cycle of photovoltile silicone, the company, as the leader of the domestic monocrystal growth equipment, will benefit in depth from the equipment requirements arising from the expansion cycle and the upgrading of single crystal penetration, we anticipate.
In the area of semiconductor equipment, the company has a short-term order of $410 million to guarantee semiconductor set-up, which has increased performance; in the long run, the company is a scarce supplier of large silicon equipment in the country and is now 8 inches.
Silicon crystal growth, slices, polishing, extended processing equipment are covered, and 12-inch silicon long-crystal furnaces are in small bulk production stages, and we expect that equipment crystals will benefit most from the process of nationalization of large silicone. (3) In the area of sapphire, the company, as a domestic sapphire material tap supplier, has recently joined its tap client, Lance.
Science and technology has formed a joint venture to expand a wide range of end-use applications. This collaboration has helped to leapfrog into new markets downstream of consumer electronics, and future demand is more certain.
The strategic layout shows a slight decline in net gross interest rates and a good cost control over the period, compared to -1.6 pct, ring ratio +12.2 pct, which is mainly due to the fact that companies have taken over the city during the initial penetration of the photovoltaic silicon equipment, and we expect that with the introduction of new products, profitability will return to normal levels.
3. Net operating cash flows increased significantly, with advance receipts doubling from the same date. Net operating cash flows for companies during the first three quarters of the year amounted to $924 million, compared with 116 per cent in the previous quarter, and liquidity improved significantly. By 2020 q3, corporate contract liabilities amounted to $2.22 billion, compared with 126 per cent; inventories amounted to $1.91 billion, compared with +44.1 per cent in the table.
The corresponding growth in Ming’s sales is expected to continue to contribute incrementally to performance throughout the year.
High inputs correspond to high future incomes, and the share of the sapphire business is expected to increase significantly. In 2016, the company made a non-public offer of 100 million shares and raised 1.3 billion yuan, of which 880 million yuan was invested in sapphire production, extension, and grinding projects, accounting for about 70% of the total amount raised.
Gold is $280 million, and the Sapphire Production (Long Crystal) and Slicing (Trying) projects are 90% and 55%, respectively, and all three projects are expected to be completed by the end of 2020.
During the period, the sapphire equipment was depreciated close to $100 million a year, and the company's continued investment in the sapphire project showed that it looked forward to downstream demand space, and the recent establishment of a joint venture with RamsyTech further deepened the company's sapphire business layout, reflecting its confidence in the sapphire product, which is expected to start making significant profits in 2021.
With the company’s continued investment in the sapphire project, capacity will grow further, and in the future, production will grow.
Sapphire operations are expected to grow significantly in terms of revenue collection, and continue to contribute significantly. 5. Profit forecasting and investment ratings. Submarine downstream expansion progresses below expectations, semiconductor operations progress below expectations and sapphire operations progress below expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board