On October 28, 2020, the q3 Māori rate rebounded and the hand orders increased significantly.
The three-quarterly review of Transistor power in 2020 showed a steady growth in performance, with a significant increase in downstream active expansion-led companies' photovoltaic equipment orders benefiting from the success of downstream industry expansion and product R & D, and a steady growth in corporate performance.
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): In addition, there is a strong cooperative relationship with companies such as China Ring, Crystal Energy, Crystal and Australasia, Upper Technology, Attez, etc., for the production advantage suppliers of domestic silicon plants.
On the 30th of the month, the hand order was $5.59 billion. Moreover, the computer-based and code-coded silicon end had been successful, the new line was better in terms of technical routes and costs, or more businesses were attracted to the current relatively high profitability of the layout of the silicon end, pushing for a clean-up of the backward yield, and crystals power was expected to continue to benefit as a silicon end “sculptor”.
• Three quarters of profitability has returned to normal, cash flows have improved significantly, along with the effectiveness of corporate supply chain controls and the continued roll-out of new products, and three quarters of Māori rates have improved significantly, rising by 12.09 percentage points to 39.03 per cent in the ring, returning largely to normal levels, while at the same time returning to normal levels
There has been a significant improvement in the flow of gold, with a substantial increase of 115.81 per cent in net operating cash flows in the first three quarters of 2020. Semiconductor equipment has gradually been certified and sapphire operations have had great potential.
According to the announcement that the current semiconductor silicon silicon up to 8 inches is well-developed, the company's equipment is already operating at the production line, with a small shipment of 12 inches of silicon crystal growth furnaces, accompanied by the domestic crystal factory's need for production, which is expected to rise steadily, and is currently on a hand order of $410 million.
In the second half of 2020, the Cash Flows Division worked strategically with the world’s leading consumer electronic window protection pioneer, Lancet, to establish a joint venture in Ningxia to build a sapphire material manufacturing base, which is expected to produce good results.
The company reached its highest ever value of $5.9 billion in hand, rising by 66.36 per cent from the ring, and the contractual liability ratio was full of ponies, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, taking into account the company's position in the industrial chain and the high growth of semiconductor operations.
Lee Gallen, the epidemic caused the global photovoltaic load to fall short of expectations, semiconductor downstream demand, photovoltaic silicon silicon expansion, figure 2: net profit from the first three quarters increased by 11 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Figure 1: Firm growth in corporate revenue, Figure 3: Corporate profitability is generally stable, Figure 4: Significant improvements in corporate cash flows
The report is presented independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional approach. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on author's professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.