The New Age of Innovative Medicines, Integrated Enabling Platform, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Recommended logic: 1) Global specialization in drug research and development and industry transfer to Asia and the Pacific, domestic drug-research reform, and the growing enthusiasm for innovation in drug research and development, promoting a sustained high profile in the outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development production. 2) As an integrated enabling platform for global leaders and absolute domestic leaders, the Department of Public Information has the capacity to develop cro+cmo/cdmo
The global market will continue to be enhanced by a whole industry chain layout. 3) The company ' s emerging business of clinical cro and cell/geo-based growth due to the high growth of therapeutic cdmo, robust growth of traditional pre-cro and small molecule cdmo, the ddsu innovation model will result in a sustained cash inflow, and precision industry investment will drive the company to health.
The rapid growth of clinical co-operation and the rapid growth of global business layouts. Global co-operation shifts to emerging markets, expansion of domestic market space, frost&sullliva expects a combined 11% and 35% increase in global and Chinese clinical co-market size in 2019-2021. Corporate clinical co-service growth rate of h1 in 2019.
As high as 104 per cent, the business has now reached more than 60 major cities around the world, achieving a Chinese-American double-entry: the current field management service is firmly in the lead in the country, the benefits of clinical trial services are expected to be synergized, and the average annual compound increase in clinical cro income is expected to reach 52 per cent between 2019 and 2021.
The global age of cell and gene therapy is approaching, and frost&sullivan is expected to grow at a combined rate of about 26% in 2019-2021. Companies have taken the lead globally, with a global market share of 8% in 2017.
Fourth in the world; currently serving 30 clinical hierarchies, 20 new cell production workshops are planned, with ddsu driving new pre-cro growth and small molecule cmo/cdmo operating advantages continuing. The domestic surge in innovative drug research and development and outsourcing of research and development continue to pervade, with China ' s projected 2019-2021 precro-cro-cro-cro-clinic development.
The combination of market size growth will be 22%. The ddsu innovation model shares milestone revenues with the sales of new medicines, leading to a sustained cash inflow. The company’s drug discovery is the second largest market in the world, with new capacity for drug analysis and testing services being released gradually by 2020, with pre-cro projected to be clinically pre-clinic.
Pharmacy (603259): The core business is well under way, with service income growing at an average compound rate of about 23% in 2019-2021. The whole industry is the country’s small molecule cdmo’s absolute leader, leading the research and development industry, reserve projects, and market-dominated industries, 76% of the early projects are transformed and new.
2. Pharmacy Mind (603259): Benefiting from the new era of global innovation, outsourcing is emerging (2019-05-28)
25%. As a leader in domestic drug R & D outsourcing, companies benefit significantly from industry dividends and premium premiums. The integration platform has higher competitive barriers and greater certainty of performance, emerging business clinical coro, 4. Pharmacy Condt (603259): lead business.
Cells and gene therapy cdmo and ddsu open up new imaginations and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Continuing, emerging areas are far-reaching (2019-03-24).
The expected growth in operating income for 2019-2021 assumes 2 cdmo/cmo services: benefits from global order transfers and mah policy dividends, early project conversion delays Scenario 3: Clinical coro and other services: industry ' s continued high profile, global capacity-building drive and business synergy
Assumption 4: US District Laboratories: Cdmo/cmo services with global leadership and output release are expected to generate 30%, 32%, 34% growth in business income in 2019-2021. The market for medical equipment testing suits 1) understates the pace of development of the company’s clinical coro business over the next three years. The global and Chinese clinical coro market rules for the next three years.
The model maintains a combined rate of 11 per cent and 35 per cent, respectively, and the company is moving forward with the global service hub layout and the development of clinical centres, with pre-bed cro expected to provide a business flow, and we expect that the company ' s clinical cro operation will maintain a 52 per cent recovery rate in 2019-2021. 2) The market underestimates the speed with which the company ' s cell and gene therapy cdmo operations are developing. Cell and gene therapy belong to the cell and gene therapy.
Emerging technologies, industries into high-speed growth. The company’s share of global markets is fourth, and as new productive energy releases and R & D are concentrated in the main business, we believe that corporate investment in precision industries will lead to a broader development space. 1) ddsu’s new drug sales are divided into: 2) clinical coro operations are faster than expected: 3) cell and gene therapy
Facdmo’s business growth is faster than expected; 4) the number of mah pilot projects is increasing, driving up the cdmo’s operations. The industrial leader of the outsourcing industry for physical research and development, the platform for integration has higher barriers to competition and greater certainty of performance, and the emerging business of bedcro, cell and gene therapy cdmo and ddsu opens up new imaginations and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Exchange losses and overseas operating risks: risks associated with macroeconomic and policy changes leading to a decline in the landscape of the pharmaceutical outsourcing service industry; risks of business synergies falling short of expectations; risks of fluctuations in investment returns; risks of increased competition in the market.
1.1 China's pharmaceutical research and development unicorns, Mingkund, was established in 2000 and has grown into the leading global company, the country's leading pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and open platform for the development of medical devices. The company provides integrated, industry-wide research and development of new medicines from drug discovery to commercial production.
The company’s main operations can be divided into four main sections: Chinese district laboratory services, cmo/cdmo services, clinical research and other cro services, and US district laboratory services.
The company began with a new pharmaceutical research and development service for small molecules abroad, rapidly growing into a global-famous pharmaceutical research and development-producer outsourcing service. After its successful listing at New York Post in 2007, the company completed its privatization and reorganization in 2015: the biopharmaceutical cdmo industry, which was separated from the drug industry, established a drug-sympository stock market in 2017.
The owner of the parent company, Ming Xiaojong, entered the market in a+h market, which consisted mainly of small-molecular R & D production, cell and gene therapy cdmo, and medical founder shareholders. The company’s original founders, Li Ging, Zhao Ning, Liu Xiaojong, and Zhang Xiaojun, took control of the company.
Prior to listing, the company received strong support from a total of 42 shareholders, both domestic and foreign, with 17 foreign shareholders, many of whom are high-quality companies with a strong domestic background. Four people, including Chairman Li Guo, currently control 27.76% of the company’s voting rights.
The company’s founder, Dr. Li Ge, and other management team members are from the front line of the pharmaceutical industry or from large international enterprises, with a wealth of research experience and investment experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
The management team is far-sighted and ambitious, with leading companies growing steadily in response to the global economic cycle and changes in the pharmaceutical industry. The research and development base is a globalized strategic layout, with a vast array of services.
Or affiliates: clients cover more than 3,700 innovative pharmaceutical enterprises in more than 30 countries, including the world’s top 20 pharmaceutical companies. The company has 37 domestic subsidiaries, including, among others, Shanghai Pharmacy, Wuhan Pine, Su State Pharmacism, Tianjin Pine and Chengdu Pharmacone Divisions, concentrated in small-molecular drug-related businesses; 31 offshore subsidiaries (11 of which operate in companies).
In the Americas, Europe, Asia and the Middle East, it covers research and development services for cytology and gene therapy, detection services for medical devices and precision medical research and development services abroad, as well as overseas research and development of human resources, creating a pioneer corporate barrier. As of 30 September 2019, the company had 21,463 members.
Of these, 7,395 or 34.5% of the workers with master's degrees and above, 1002 or 4.7% of the employees with doctoral or equivalent degrees, and a unique “Pharma University” training system, are known as the “Yang Peng Jun School” for new drug research and development talent in China.
Between 2014 and 2018, the number of new medicines approved by fda in the United States was about 70%. The success rate of the project and the quality of its services were key factors in the selection of cro and cmo/cdmo companies, which have gained a wealth of experience in pharmaceutical research and development over more than a decade.
Quality and professional standing won a high reputation in the global pharmaceutical research and development industry, with the top 10 clients retaining 100 per cent, industry-led service capacity and size building corporate moats. 1.2 The size of the collection is expanding and business performance is growing robustly
As companies have gone through the process of overseas listing and domestic listing after privatization, and as soon as 2016, the Pharmacy is no longer integrated into the company’s financial statements, we present our performance separately from the United States listing phase and the post-privatization domestic listing phase. The company’s losses are mainly due to the loss of goodwill from the acquisition of the apptec, the impact of the financial crisis and the restructuring of its operations.
Performance recovered faster. By 2015, companies had been privatized and restructured, and their core and emerging operations had grown and their size had expanded in recent years. Business income and net profits had been growing faster.
Billion dollars, with a combined growth rate of 25 per cent and 86 per cent in 2016-2018 respectively. Corporate business income increased again in the first three quarters of 2019 at a rate of 34 per cent over the same period: net profit returns decreased by 8.5 per cent over the same period, mainly by a loss of 4.539 million yuan on the fair value of the investment, resulting from a significant reduction of about $700 million in the fair value change return over the same period of the previous year.
The change in fair value is mainly due to changes in the value of invested companies such as unitybiotechnology and huamedicine. The net profit from withholding is 36.9% higher and performance is still strong.
cdmo/cmo services as a core business block for small molecular medicines, with a combined collection of about 79.8 per cent of the 2019h1 battalion; Clinical claret growth, with revenue rising steadily to 8 per cent. Companies initially concentrated their business in the United States, where the former business was distributed globally, with overseas sales accounting for 75 per cent.
The Asia-Pacific region has shifted, with China’s share rising steadily, reaching 25% in 2018. The Māori rate has been stable overall. As internal R&D strength has grown, economies of scale have emerged, and marginal benefits have been enhanced through the expansion of small and medium-sized growth clients.
Stable, with a slight decline in 2018, mainly due to increased costs, the expansion of clinical operations resulting in surrogate fees, which are more integrated than corporate operations, with a median overall Māori ratio and net interest rate levels, and better overall control of cost rates. The sum of the three company rates and R & D rates in the first three quarters of 2019 was about 17.9 per cent lower.
The management fee rate has declined year after year since 2016, with sufficient cash flow and better profit quality. The company ' s main fee model: 1) the client custom service (fffs) model, i.e. 30 to 90 days of credit based on progress and/or patent fees according to work schedule; 2) the full-time equivalent service (fte) model.
The net cash flow generated by the company ' s operations has remained largely stable since 2016 at around 1.76 billion yuan, with a decrease of 8.5 per cent in 2018, mainly due to the payment of part of the tax on the Shanghai Pharmacy Development Services, which was acquired in 2017 by the entire pharmaceutical industry.
The impact of this one-time tax was that net cash flows from operating activities decreased by only 1.6 per cent compared with the industry-like companies, with the company ' s accounts receivable accounting for a relatively small share of operating income, accounting for approximately 97 per cent of the accounts receivable over a one-year period, prompt repayments and better collection quality.
1.3 Upon its inception, the company began chemical discovery operations and grew rapidly in the area of small molecular discovery and research and development production as an absolute leader in the country. The company then acquired the medically engineered and completed clinical coro operations in 2011.
From the pre-cro to the commercial stage of cdmo, the whole industry chain is integrated. Horizontally, the company has achieved full-chain coverage, end-to-end of the new drug development process through the merger of high-quality firms and its own efforts to rapidly develop the coro business. Vertically, the company ' s pre-cro and cdmo services.
Directly at the forefront of domestic and foreign industries, and with a global leader in research and development, the company’s ability to develop research and development is increasing, and it converges with that of the international giants. Companies now have the capacity to provide one-stop services in the entire industry chain, with global leaders’ talent and loyal client groups, and have the absolute advantage of collaborating with clients’ deep-seated strategies.
Not only is the company an absolute advantage and leader in the field of chemicals, but it has also made great strides in biopharmaceuticals, medical devices, and has been active in the cutting-edge field, stealing high-quality tracks. In 2008, the company acquired the then famous American pharmaceutical outsourcing company, apptec, the precursor of the current US district laboratory, and started running cell and gene therapy products, cdmo.
Services and medical equipment testing services, the business block has grown faster. In addition to full industry coverage of pharmaceutical research and development, companies have expanded their operations in other areas, such as equity investment, technical advice, marketing and supply, and are looking for future trends in industrial change, early deployment, and increased business turnover.
An integrated enabling platform absorbs “long tail” customers. An “integrated, end-to-end” enabling platform lowers the threshold for new drug research and development, especially to meet long tail clients such as medium-sized pharmaceutical companies, small and medium-sized and virtual biotechnology companies, individual entrepreneurs, etc.
The demand for new drug research and development services is also expected to attract more participants to the new drug research and development industry. With the expansion of size and capacity, new knowledge and new technology applications and adaptations, the company’s gravitational and enabling capacity as an innovative enabling platform will continue to grow, again attracting more clients and creating virtuous circles.
The number of small pharmaceutical companies is expected to reach 80% of the total number of pharmaceutical departments by 2022. The integrated enabling platform is complementary to the “Long-tail customers” strategy, and the drug Mind, as a platform-type company for a new era of medicines, is becoming fully empowered and dynamic for the development of new medicines.
2 The pharmaceutical outsourcing industry continues to have a high profile, the domestic market space expansion is driven by a multiplicity of factors, and the development of the coro industry is becoming more complex and the development of new medicines is taking longer. A new drug requires pre-clinical research from research and development to listing.
The three phases of bed testing and approval take more than 10 years. As human diseases become more complex and the requirements for drug efficacy and safety are increasing, there is a significant increase in the sample population required at the clinical research stage, a more complex development process and a longer life cycle for drug research and development.
The efficiency of R & D has declined significantly since the beginning of the twenty-first century, and the time cost of R & D has increased. The statistics from the evaluatepharma show that the number of new molecular entities approved by fda for clinical trials has gradually declined from 7.5 per thousand to 3 per thousand at the beginning of the twenty-first century, and the number of new medicines approved has begun to decrease significantly.
The cost of drug research and development has increased significantly, and research and development efforts by pharmaceutical companies are under enormous pressure. In 2016, the Tafts Research Centre for Drug Development predicted that the average cost of developing and obtaining new medicines approved by fda would exceed $2.5 billion, including $1.4 billion in average cash costs and $1.2 billion in time value costs; new drugs, when marketed, would be used to test new adaptive conditions, formulations, doses and monitoring.
The average estimated cost of post-approved research on patient safety is $300 million. On this basis, the total cost of a single compound is estimated to be approximately $2.9 billion, a significant increase compared to the $1 billion cost of research and development in the 1990s, and the future cost of research and development on new medicines is on the rise.
Very low, according to efpia, of the 5000-10000 compounds screened during the early drug discovery phase, only one is usually the last to be approved; on the other hand, the price of drugs is regulated by policy, with average sales peaks falling significantly, and returns on new drug research and development falling.
For example, the first single-year global sales of more than $10 billion in drugs, Proto, with annual peak sales close to $12.9 billion, and a precipitous drop in sales after patent expiry in 2011.
Losing patent advantages will put enormous price pressures on pharmaceutical companies, which will also choose more to outsource R & D to reduce their own costs. Crops are highly efficient, and drug R & D will address industry pains: in an environment of increased competition among pharmaceutical firms, a growing risk of R & D, the coro leads to specialization in social division of labour, risk equalization, and helps pharmaceutical firms reduce costs,
(a) Reducing the risk of research and development of new medicines. Crow can cover the various stages of research and development of new medicines and can reduce the cycle of each of them by 25-40%; pharmaceutical companies can achieve greater global coverage through outsourcing of the R&D chain and shift fixed costs to variable sources;
At the same time, R & D outsourcing has the advantage of being flexible in form, with small companies opting to outsource the entire drug development process, while large pharmaceutical manufacturers can opt to outsource one or more specific links. 2.2 The global focus of the industry shifts to Asia and the Pacific, with the Chinese market breaking out.
Global growth in the cro sector has been steady, with a composite growth rate of about 11%. Outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development has become an overwhelming trend, with the global market size of the cro sector rising steadily. According to the frost&sullivan report, the global cro market was about $43.1 billion in 2017, and the global cro market is expected to be about $72.7 billion in 2022 and averaged in 2017-2022.
Drug companies seek outsourcing cooperation in pharmaceutical research and development, and usually consider research levels, R & D efficiency, and local R & D resources, technological resources, human costs, etc.
Industry growth has declined markedly each year. But the Asia-Pacific region is growing rapidly, and with low prices for raw materials, high patient profile, relatively low R & D costs, and high-quality scientific talent and experimental infrastructure rising significantly with higher economic levels, the emerging markets, represented by China and India, are taking orders from developed countries and becoming a global growth in the cro industry.
China, as an emerging pharmaceutical market, is moving toward an era of innovation, and domestic supportive policies and patent protection systems are more sophisticated and integrated than India. According to frast&sullivan, Asia-Pacific markets are expected to reach $12.3 billion by 2021, with annual compound growth rates of 20%, well above the annual compound growth rates of global markets.
China’s cro industry grew at a higher rate than the world’s, with a compound growth rate of about 20%. China’s cro started in the 1990’s, with the first Cro company in China, Quintai, and Covens, among others, investing in China.
Bozi medicine, Teg medicine, etc., has emerged in a large number of cro businesses. The country’s cro industry has grown rapidly since 2006. ... With the advantages of low cost, large patient populations and rich disease profiles, the emergence of a golden period in the pharmaceutical industry, it has entered a period of rapid development and has gradually moved closer to the international level. According to the South, China’s cro market sales in 2017 are projected.
Since 2015, the National Drug Control and Monitoring Board and the Health and Planning Commission have introduced a series of policy regulations that have changed the environment for the development of the pharmaceutical industry, which can be summarized in three areas: 1)
Innovative drug research and development has been strongly encouraged in a number of ways, such as accelerated review approval, enhanced patent protection and full life-cycle management, as enterprises have increased their focus on new drug research and development inputs, and the number of new drug applications in the country has continued to rise; and 2) the implementation of a policy for the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency has resulted in large volumes of clinical trials flowing to pharmaceutical companies, with only a small number of firms with stronger research and development capabilities having been able to carry out consistency evaluations independently;
3) Quantities procurement policies have resulted in reduced profit margins for generic pharmaceuticals, a reshaping of operating patterns in the pharmaceutical industry, and a gradual shift in focus from marketing to research and development. As domestic pharmaceutical firms have been focusing more on generic development, the overall level of innovation research and development has been weak, while the number of entrepreneurial biomedical companies is increasing but small, we believe that the demand for outsourcing domestic pharmaceutical research and development will be significant.
In 2017, the National Directorate-General for the Supervision of Food and Drugs (Cfda) formally joined the International Coordinating Committee for the Registration of Human Drugs (ich) and continued to apply it in 2018.
China has joined in ich to dispel the concerns of overseas enterprises about the quality of domestic clinical data, which will take on more business and enhance competitiveness with the advantage of resources and costs, and win a share of the foreign market. The level of talent and technology is increasing, and the core competitiveness of domestic cro enterprises is increasing.
In addition, the country’s large population base continues to yield dividends, with significant human and cost advantages, and the cost of testing cro in the country usually amounts to only 30-60% of developed countries, such as Europe and the United States.
Domestic cro shows a trend toward industrial integration, with an increase in the capacity of firms to integrate R & D services. The global cro industry is gradually entering maturity, forming a market pattern for initial competition, with a relatively low concentration of domestic industries.
Directions are: 1) access to the entire R & D process, i.e., from a single clinical or precro to a full medical research and development coverage process; 2) integration of a wide range of operations, including the integration of cro with cmo, the integration of cro with cso, or the integration with other related industrial chains. However, the current structure of the domestic M & D outsourcing enterprise as a whole is still small, scattered, multi-sized, with the exception of the Pharmacy Condt.
More than 10%, far from the pattern of international markets. We believe that, as the industry matures, the domestic market pattern will necessarily be aligned to the international situation, with further industrial concentration. 2.3mah policies bring dividends, and domestic cdmo/cmo embraces development opportunities.
cmo (contractmanufactureorganization), a contractual production service organization that provides specialized services in the drug production process, including clinical and commercial preparation and process development, involving clinical medicines, intermediate systems, raw material production, formulation production and packaging.
Mostly as a complement, cmo is now almost accompanied by the development of cro, while deriving models such as product outsourcing (cdmo, contractdevelopmentmanufactureorgation), product development combinations (cro+cmo/cdmo). Compared to cmo, cdmo matches client depth at an early stage in new drug development.
In 2016, we launched the Pilot Program for the Licensing of Medicines for Owners System, which allows for the separation of pharmaceutical listings from production permits, such as multinational pharmaceutical companies that can focus on research and development.
In October 2018, the state renewed the decision to extend the mah pilot for one year. The mah regime changed the management model of the “bundling” of drug listing and production permits, making cdmo companies the option of providing life only for pharmaceutical companies without having to have their own marketed medicines.
In August 2019, the National Institute of Medicine issued a circular on the expansion of the piloting of the medical equipment register system, extending the pilot scheme to 21 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, and also giving rise to a group of medical devices, the cro+cdmo service enterprises.
The development of the cmo/cdmo industry is explicitly supported by a circular on the organization of a platform for the development of research and development and production services for the implementation of biomedical contracts. With the rapid increase in the number of medicines on the market in the country, domestic demand for pharmaceuticals will have a significant cost advantage of cmo/cdmo, and the demand for new drugs will increase in the current trend of research and development.
During the period of rapid expansion, in 2018, the number of new medicines approved by fda and nmpa was 59, 51, an increase of 28% and 155%, respectively. The number of innovative drug companies was also growing rapidly, while the production capacity of small and medium-sized enterprises was limited, and the selection of cmo/cdmo would avoid spending on capacity-building and obtain specialized, customized production services.
Traditional cmo/cdmo models are “technology transfer plus customized production,” and companies are now engaged in research and development, through deep involvement in the life cycle of their clients’ innovations.
A deep interface between the entire supply chain system, such as procurement, production, and the continuous convergence of technical concepts and management systems, can guarantee the quality and supply of medicines, thus creating a model of “cooperative research and development + customized production.” Cmo/cdmo is also assimilated to its clients, and it is possible to make a two-way shift between cro and cdmo clients.
The transformation of enterprises from production-based to service-based firms, the expansion of research into upstream coro areas would avoid late duplication, and the expansion of pharmaceutical marketing downstream would increase the efficiency of client operations, thus extending the cooperative model from single surrogate production to the industry-wide cooperation model of participating pharmaceutical companies “R & D + production + commercialization”.
Purchases were frequent to expand the industry chain model and promote the integrated development of cro, cmo/cdmo and other commercialized services.
3.1 China District Laboratory services are growing steadily, ddsu enables domestic clients to expand their domestic market at 3.1.1 pre-cro clinically, leading by leading companies.
The pre-cro industry in the country is growing at a higher rate than the global rate. According to frost&sullivan, the global pre-cro market was about $19.2 billion in 2018 and is projected to grow at about 7% in 2019-2021.
The domestic market started slowly, but at a faster pace, with an overall market size of $1.7 billion in 2018, or 8.8 per cent of the global market, with small molecularized drugs still in the mainstream of drug development, with big companies each leading. Chemical preparations are the oldest pharmaceutical species in the modern pharmaceutical industry, with small molecular drugs worldwide, whether from sales (about 75 per cent of drug sales).
The number of newly approved entities in fda (74%) or the number of pipelines in pharmaceutical companies (62%) is dominant, and the number of small molecular drugs in global drug companies currently stands at over 8,000. Large giant companies have a technological advantage based on specific areas, for example, covance has a leading edge in drug toxicology and chemical testing; and charlesriver is in the wrong.
The advantages of clinical pharmacology/toxicology trials are clear: the drug Ming Condé has a significant advantage in the discovery and chemical synthesis of small molecular compounds, and the toxicological trials have been gradually strengthened. Drug discovery has tended to increase the concentration of the market for the co-services, and pre-cro leads the country.
Foreign drug discovery markets are more fragmented, with pharmaceutical companies tending to choose large firms due to lower success rates in early-stage research and development, and industry market concentration is gradually increasing, with global market concentration for Top5 companies rising from 13.9 per cent to 16 per cent between 2014 and 2016, with companies finding drugs serving as the second largest global market in 2016.
The market share of the ball is about 3%. Charlesriver, Pharmacy Condé, Conronization, Corvins and Kuntai's share of the global market is at the forefront, with companies accounting for about 3.9% of the global market in preclinical cro, based on the projected global precro market size of frost&sullivan, and companies' precro revenue from clinical cro operations.
3.1.2 The core niche business is consolidated and pre-cro-clinic operations continue to grow at a high rate. The Chinese district laboratory services consist mainly of small molecular compound discovery services and drug analysis and testing services.
An integrated platform provides a full-flow service for new drug research and development, as well as global declarations. With the shift of the share of the international market in the cro industry to emerging markets such as China, and the increase in the concentration and penetration of domestic industries, companies are expected to increase their market share further by virtue of their business advantage and leadership position.
Drug discovery services are highly advantageous, and pre-cro-cro-based cities continue to grow. Companies provide global clients with a global coverage of a variety of target and disease-related compound discovery and synthesis services with the largest and most experienced global presence.
One of the small molecular chemical research and development teams has extensive research and development experience in the field of drug discovery and quality assurance recognized by international pharmaceutical companies. Firms have established stable cooperation with large pharmaceutical companies around the world, while the strategy of integrated research and development platforms has shown a marked increase in long-tail clients such as small- and medium-sized biotech companies and start-up companies.
The ratio is increasing, with the Division now accounting for about 3.9% of the global market in the pre-cro market, based on the global market size of the frost&sullivan statistics and the forecasted operating income of companies, continuing the trend of increasing year by year.
A range of related operations, such as bioanalytical services, analytical chemistry and testing services. Thanks to increased research and development on innovative medicines in the country, market space has been expanded, and future operations will be strengthened with the creation and release of productive capacities.
In addition, companies strengthen their capacity for drug analysis, biotesting, by acquiring the country’s Kafumi Biological Company. And drug analysis and testing teams work closely with chemical teams to provide the full advantage of pre-cro operations from drug discovery to ind co-effects.
The Chinese district laboratory service is the core business block of the company, and operating income continues to grow at a high rate. In 2018, the Chinese district laboratory service generated income of $5.1 billion, a 24 per cent increase in the same year and 23.7 per cent increase in the same year as in 2019. In 2014-2018, on average, client outreach and marginal benefits were enhanced, and small molecular compounds were found and the gross of two sub-operations, namely, services for drug analysis and testing services, were found.
Building on the development path of Charlesriver, the strategy for enhanced integration of niche operations. Charlesriver, a global cro company that provides pre-clinical services, was founded in 1947 and whose main operations include animal research models and services.
Drug discovery and safety evaluation, production support, three major plates. Charlesriver started out in experimental animals, and built on this superior business to become an industry leader, expanding the whole industry chain through horizontal and vertical M & As, becoming a global cro annual income of about $1.3 billion, or 58%. The Mäori Mäori ratio is 31%.
High, but the size of the business income and the overall per capita output are only about half of Charles River’s growth, and there is still much room for growth. Quoting Charles River’s globalisation and integrated development path, the drug’s Ming Conde is based on the advantage of small molecule drug discovery, perfecting the new drug development process and creating a one-stop service from pre-cro to clinical cro, cdmo’s whole-life chain.
By increasing client stickyness through core niches, and by creating deeper cooperation in integration strategies, companies are expected to grow in size and move on to the path of global giants. Compared to Coroner, the Ming Condex ISP has a strong competitive edge.
Representative enterprises, which have also developed a process-wide integrated cro+cmo service, are expanding their operations from the previous drug discovery towards back-end drug development, with laboratory services earning more than 30% of their income, and laboratory chemistry at the heart of their small molecular drug development services. As scale effects become apparent and operational efficiency increases, both rates of Maori have been increasing since 2015 and drugs are becoming more effective.
By contrast, the Pharmacy Condé line is comprehensive, with a rich accumulation of experience and a branding effect that attracts a large pool of talent and further enhances competitive advantage through the integration of resources and innovation. The Ddsu is an integrated new drug research and development service platform that empowers domestic clients.
One of the most important strategic initiatives for the return of corporate focus to the country was officially established in 2014 and is committed to the development of a new drug, such as small molecules, for pharmaceutical companies in China. ddsu provides pre-clinical research and development service sub-platforms, including target testing, drug design, pharmaceutical chemistry, pharmacology, drug substitution dynamics, toxicology, etc., and provides drug discovery through organic integration of sub-platforms.
Ddsu focuses on areas of disease in which China is in urgent need of clinical needs, including anti-cancer (immunisation with oncology), immunization, anti-infection, metabolism, and old-age diseases. ddsu innovates the charge model and receives a continuous cash inflow.
In the absence of sufficient cash flows from start-up companies to cover the high cost of research and development, ddsu innovated in the way that pharmaceutical companies did not have to pay for research and development when new drugs did not yield sufficient returns, but rather through milestone income and share of sales of new drugs. For innovation companies, ddsu eased the economic burden of pharmaceutical companies in the early stages of innovation.
For companies, ddsu can reduce their income in the short term by allocating cash from the project to the new drug, but with the increase in participation in the new drug project, later earnings will not be constrained by the number of orders to achieve long-term robust growth.
The ddsu project has achieved notable results, such as the provision of integrated research and development services to inhibitors for the fourth generation of the egfr target, from drug discovery to the ind review period of four years: the granting of an international licence for the development of a new drug for the treatment of hepatitis B in 2016 to an internationally recognized pharmaceutical plant received a second milestone income of approximately $16.8 million in 2018.
As of 30 September 2019, the company had cumulatively completed the ind declaration of 71 projects for domestic pharmaceutical companies and obtained clinical trial batches for 54 projects, with an increasing trend in the number of projects for pre-cro companies, which, owing to a highly refined division of labour, are led companies based on specific areas and technological advantages.
In view of the current trend towards increased interest in the development of innovative medicines in the country’s pharmaceutical industry, the company has shifted the focus of business development from foreign pharmaceutical companies to domestic ones, and as an absolute leader in the country’s pre-cro field, it is the first option for domestic pharmaceutical companies to look for outsourcing companies.
The project is expected to be completed in 2019, and will be scaled up in the future to become a sub-base at the Shanghai Research and Development Center. As the scale and capacity of the services improve, we expect that the company ' s pre-cro operations will maintain a steady growth trend, as a consistent cash flow of 3.2-modified cmo/cdmo leads in the country, with strong momentum in the global drug industry.
3.2.1 China’s cmo/cdmo industry continues to have a high profile, and the potential space for domestic firms is wide. The global market for small molecules cdmo/cmo is expected to grow at about 12% faster. According to the frast&sullivan report, small molecular chemicals dominate the global drug market, with a share of nearly 80%, and small global molecules in 2018.
Cdmo/cmo market size is about $64.9 billion. In search of more efficient and low-cost production methods, multinational pharmaceutical companies will continue to seek external order support services from professional cdmo/cmo companies for some time to come, and the global cdmo/cmo market will continue to grow rapidly. The size of the global small molecule cdmo/cmo market is expected to be reached in 2022.
In the future, China’s small molecule cdmo/cmo market is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate of around 19%. According to statistics and projections from the South, it has increased to about 62.6 billion yuan.
The global competitiveness of cmo/cdmo enterprises is increasing, becoming strategic suppliers to pharmaceutical companies and playing an increasingly important role. According to further projections in the frost&sullivan report, the Chinese small molecule cdmo/cmo market was estimated to be about $5.7 billion in 2018; the Chinese small molecule cdmo/cmo market is expected to reach $11.6 billion in 2022.
The global distribution of industries shows a regional shift. With cmo/cdmo demanding higher levels of technology, managerial capacity, intellectual property protection, etc., domestic entry into this segment is late, but with the rise of emerging countries such as China and India, the cmo/cdmo sector is gradually moving from developed to developing countries like China and India.
Earlier, technologically advanced, mature, but fragmented and competitively competitive. The domestic industry was less concentrated, with three major players in the entire pharmaceutical industry, Kallein, Boteng, and more competitive firms with high technical barriers.
Among the companies listed above are Catalent, lonza, Boehringingelheim, Patheon, dsm, etc.; of these, Catalent is a small-molecular drug leader, lonza is a biopharmaceutical cdmo leader, Patheon was acquired by Hermofisher in 2017, Boehringer-ingelheim is the largest private pharmaceutical enterprise in the world, and dsm has more than one in addition to cmo.
Companies with the highest-ranking domestic income scale include medicinal organisms (biopharmaceutical cdmo), all-round pharmaceutical industries, Karen, and Botten shares. There is still a 6-7-fold difference in the income size of domestic flagship firms compared to international mega-enterprises, and there is much room for domestic firms to develop as global industry divides with developing countries.
In terms of Māori rates and net interest rates, the Māori rate for the country’s cdmo enterprises is mostly above 30%. The two companies with higher net interest rates in the whole industry and in the Cdmo, 22% and 21%, respectively, have higher net interest rates; the Pharmacic Organism as a biopharmaceutical cdmo, with relatively higher net interest rates;
External enterprises usually have lower Māori rates and net interest rates due to factors such as higher human capital costs. Cdmo costs are for administrative costs, more than half of which are for employee remuneration. In the first three quarters of 2019, Kelley was charged 11 per cent, R&D 7.7 per cent; in the entire pharmaceutical industry, management costs, R&D rates of 6.8 per cent, 4.5 per cent, and management cost controls.
Relatively good. In terms of size and per capita output, overseas enterprises are large, large and per capita, with output per capita of about $80,000, less than half of that of Catalent. 3.2.2 Project push + output, with the entire pharmaceutical industry expected to continue to grow rapidly.
The whole drug industry is firmly at the head of the country’s cdmo industry, and its business structure continues to be optimized. The whole drug industry was first established in 2010 as one of the oldest controlling subsidiaries of the company. The company’s cmo/cdmo operations are mainly in the field of chemicals, through the whole drug industry, providing small- and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies around the world with small and medium-sized meds, raw materials and preparations from the pre-clinical process.
To develop integrated services for commercial production; currently based on the raw materials drug cdmo, and to expand the technology-value-added formulation cdmo operations through the Ming Kande pds sector. The company takes full advantage of the technological advantages of technology development and is determined to promote a strategy of “expanding services following the development phase of drug molecules” to provide early process development, research and development to domestic and international clients.
New production, process certification, and integration services throughout the life cycle of commercial production. Since its inception, the whole pharmaceutical industry has been active in cmo/cdmo operations in the field of chemicals, where research and development capabilities are well ahead of other similar companies in the country, receiving the largest share of the Chinese small molecules in the cdmo/cmo market, according to the size of the South.
With the company’s many innovative drugs, the recovery rate rose again in 2019, owing to advances in new technologies and increased capacity-building.
In the first half of 2018-2019, Māori was the first to be created in China through the United States of America, owing to factors such as the cost of paying part of the equity incentive scheme.
The chemical process development and production platform inspected prior to the approval of the new drug, which was repeatedly certified as “zero defects” by fda, was approved and certified by eight national drug authorities, including the United States, China, the European Union, Canada, Switzerland, Australia, and New Zealand. The surge in operational capacity and good reputations resulted in a very high customer retention rate for the whole drug industry.
The combined share of sales in the main business income declined from 37.8 per cent to 32.5 per cent in 2017, and the dependence on head customers decreased. We believe that early R & D, clinical trials, and one-stop service models for pharmaceutical production are expected to lead to client currents, with the synergies of company-wide chain operations.
The stock projects have been well developed. Compared to the competitor, Karen, the number of early full pharmaceutical projects has been higher, with 693 projects being implemented at all stages in 2018, of which 76% were in the pre-clinical and first clinical phases; as at 31 September 2019, more than 900 new drug molecules were involved, mainly increasing the number of early projects.
Add. Pharmaceutical companies tend to be very cautious in selecting cmo/cdmo firms and rarely replace their partners in the development of new medicines, so the high share of orders in the initial development of new drugs in the company’s business indicates that the company is well advanced. At the same time, the company was China’s first approved mah cooperative, with 11 service lines.
During the period, the unit price of the project will also increase, and the size of the operating income of the entire pharmaceutical industry will expand significantly. Figure 52: Number and percentage of the total drug industry projects in 2018. New technology advances and capacity-building will continue to increase.
The company has made progress in a number of new technological capabilities, creating a new technological platform for enzyme fermentation production, commercial-scale spray drying, and building technological development capacity for nucleotide and polythyroids. The research and development of oligoate and polythyroids began in 2019, the first to support the oligo-nucleotide.
The workshop for the production of cgmps for the clinical use of acid and polythermal drugs has been opened, and the commercial-scale production platform is expected to be operational by the end of 2019 and the first half of 2020, respectively. Currently, a global research and development centre is being built for the first and second phase of the permanent county production base, and the company will continue to expand its research and development of the process, the production of raw materials, the development of preparations and production.
As one of the company’s most profitable subsidiaries, the All-Pharma industry has almost witnessed and participated in the development of the cmo/cdmo industry throughout the country. As the country’s oldest drug, cmo/cdmo, its stable client base and its excellent research and development.
Capacity is beyond the reach of other domestic firms, but the company is not in a state of slow growth, but rather is as dynamic and potential as the start-up business. Thus, while the entire pharmaceutical industry currently has the largest market share in the country’s cmo/cdmo market, the gap between it and other firms has not narrowed.
cmo/cdmo expanded under the mah system dividend, the gradual release of company capacity, and the size of the project's business income from the early stages of commercialization close to RMB 5.8 billion per year.4 The potential for clinical coro+gene/cellular therapy is high.cdmo growth is high
4.1 The active strategic layout of clinical crón operations, the continued high growth of the 4.1.1 clinical crón industry in the future, the rapid expansion of corporate operations, the continued rapid growth of the global clinical crón industry, and the three-fold increase in the size of the Chinese market over the global rate.
Sullivan reports that clinical crón in our cro market is about 58%, the largest share of the business sector, and 69% abroad. In 2018, the global clinical crón market was about $37.9 billion, and is expected to be 62.5 billion by 2023, as the global drug research investment increases and the cro outsourcing penetration rises.
In 2019-2021, the compound rate of growth was about 11%. In 2018, the Chinese clinical market was about $3.2 billion, benefiting from the transfer of global coro operations to emerging markets, domestic innovation drug research and development, and consistency evaluation. By 2023, Chinese clinical cro plates are expected to be the best track in the industry, and will be a necessity for companies to break through the ceiling.
In contrast to the current concentration of the country’s coro on pre-clinical business, eight of the top 10 cro companies in the world’s income rank are clinical co-o, with iqvia, syneos, prahealth, icon and parexel accounting for more than 6% of the city.
The company’s clinical research and other coro services include clinical trial services (cds) and on-site management services (smo), since 2011 and the acquisition and subsequent establishment of Jinshi medicine.
Since then, the company has become the preferred service provider for the global clinical trials in China. At the end of 2018, the company became the first service provider for the global clinical trials in China.
In May 2019, the Division acquired the US Clinical Research Pointglobal (rpg) to strengthen the Chinese-American Multi-Purpose of Innovative Medicines and acquired the capacity of an overseas clinical laboratory service. In May 2019, the U.S. Clinical Research Data Statistical Analysis Service, pharmapace, enhanced its capacity for clinical research data statistical analysis and improved the global platform for integrated research and development services.
Figure 56: Clinical forward M & As process 4.1.2 Performance build-up continues, clinical coo operations grow high, clinical coro operations start-up scale and grow high.
The business income was $470 million, an increase of 104 per cent over the same period, and clinical co-operation showed an upward trend; while business income increased by 9 percentage points to the level of Maori in research and other co-services; and 2019h1 was 19.8 per cent, a decrease of 4.6 percentage points over the same period, mainly as a result of company surcharges such as researcher fees and the impact of amortization of intangible assets arising from mergers and acquisitions.
Pre-cro and high-value-added operations are being introduced, and corporate Māori rates are expected to increase further. The Clinical Trial Service (cds) is being implemented mainly through the CondeHong Wing, providing one-stop clinical research services to global clients, covering product types such as pharmaceuticals, biological products, medical devices, in vitro diagnostic reagents: it covers the period of clinical research to the end
The company has extensive project experience in the whole field of disease, particularly on oncology, endocrines, cns/neurology, and orphan adaptives. The Condochian Wings, operated jointly with the United States, have offices in more than 30 major cities across the country, 10 major cities around the globe, currently number more than 850 people, and have expanded their operations to the United States, the European Union, and the United States.
Some countries in the Asia-Pacific region. The on-site management service (smo) is carried out mainly through schizophrenic medicine and provides clients with feasibility studies, referral and initiation of research centres, recruitment of candidates, patient education and management, data entry, closure of research centres, quality control verification and auditing
The company has a clinical research team of more than 2,200 professionals in more than 120 cities across the country and has established in-depth cooperation with more than 900 hospitals; to date, it has developed an internal, humid, ophthalmological, infectious, gynaecology, kidneys, vaccines and medical devices.
There are more than 500 i-iv clinical research projects with experience. 13 projects in 2017 were successfully verified by the Drug Enforcement Authority, with a 100% pass rate.
Global capacity-building is advancing rapidly, and business is working together to promote endogenous growth. With good M & As integration, the company has achieved a rapid advance in clinical co-operation, both within and outside the country, through the acquisition of researchpointglobal (rpg) and pharmapace, which have enabled several clients to do both domestic and foreign services since 2018.
Clinical trials. The company continues to improve the layout of the global service web site and the development of clinical centres to enhance the capacity of multi-centre clinical trials worldwide. The Clinical Trial Centre began operating in 2018 and obtained a higher project return rate. The company currently has approximately 3050 clinical co-workers, of whom cds850 are working in more than 60 major cities around the world;
In April 2019, the company appointed Dr. Frederikh.hausheer as Chief Medical Officer to provide strategic guidance to the company on medical and clinical development, to promote transformational research and development from the pre-clinical to the full clinical stage, and to strengthen the one-stop service platform.
4.1.3 High growth in revenue can be expected compared to large domestic and foreign companies, where the number of leading Thai pharmaceutical workers is now close to 3900, earning $2.3 billion in 18 years, while small and medium-sized clinical crón, such as Bozi Medicine, are still small in size: due to the fragmentation of clinical coro operations in the country, this compares with the fact that there is a significant increase in the number of medical workers in the country.
The company’s clinical coro business is already in its infancy, second only to the Thai medicine. The country’s clinical coro volume is relatively small and is still growing rapidly compared to that of the large multinational company. For the multinational coro, which has the highest global income scale and has a very high share of clinical coro business, iqvia, syneoshealth, prahealth, parexel and icon,
In 2018, the iqvia Clinical Cro (Drug Research and Development Solutions) generated $5.47 billion, corresponding to 30,000 people, and in 2018, the company Clinical Cro Māori rate was 29%, compared to major overseas players like Parexel and icon.
At a lower level, there is still much room for improvement, compared to 43% of the country’s Thai medicine. The company’s clinical co-operation has a per capita output of $30,000, a tac medicine of $870 million, while overseas comparable companies have a per-capita output of more than $100,000, of which icon is close to $190,000. We believe that the company’s clinical co-operation Māori ratio and individual output do not match its industry status.
The company’s clinical coro business, which is in its early stages and is not well developed, is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the short term as future business matures and builds on the Tag medicine development path. The company’s clinical coro business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the short term.
Eight years of high growth, with income reaching 2 billion yuan in 2018, with an annual compound growth rate of 42%. In 2011, there were fewer than 600 Thai pharmaceutical workers, reaching 3898 in 2018, an almost sevenfold increase, while the increase was accompanied by a constant increase in the per capita output of Thai medicine from 340,000 in 2011 to 590,000 in 2018.
The growth path of the drug is of some relevance to the short- and medium-term development of the company’s clinical coro business, which began in 2011 and has now grown to $580 million over seven years, and is expected to continue for a long period of high-speed operations. As business continues to deepen and people become more efficient, the company is expected to experience a favourable growth in revenue, personnel, and individual output.
Drawing on the development path of the transnational coro giants, the company’s clinical coro business will further open the market space in the long term. Compared to the overseas giants iqvia, covance, syneoshealth, prahealth, paraexel, and icon.
The rapid pace of operations; in light of the size of the international giants, we believe that Physician Conde, as one of the leading dragons of globalization, is expected to move beyond the domestic ceiling to a larger and larger international platform, drawing on the high growth of domestic and foreign industries.
At present, companies have a market share of less than 2% of the country. We believe that with the surge in pre-cro operations and the globalization of the rpg, clinical croc operations are expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate, with an average combined growth rate of 52% in 2019-2021 and an average of 52% in 2021.
4.2 Cell/genetic treatment cdmo is very growing and medical instrument detection services are competitive. The company's cell and gene therapy research and development services, and medical device detection services are mainly covered by laboratory service modules in the United States District, and are carried out through fully-funded companies, apptec. Business income growth slowed in 2017 and 2018, mainly due to production capacity constraints and upwards.
The Māori rate fell from 39% in 2014 to 24%, mainly due to additional operations such as precision medical R & D production services, which increased prior investment and the cost of US district R & D staff. The business resumed to increase in the second half of 2018, with H1 operating income of about $700 million in 2019, a year-on-year ratio.
With an increase of about 30 per cent and a return to 26.9 per cent with an increase in capacity utilization, the rate of revenue growth and the rate of Māori in United States District Laboratories is expected to improve year by year, with the gradual release of capacity and the increase in the number of projects.
4.2.1 The Cdmo-post precision medical age of cell and gene therapy, which is a new generation of high-end therapy for cells and genes, is expected to complement traditional chemicals and biopharmaceuticals. On the one hand, the development, production and declaration processes of cell and gene therapy products are more complex; on the other hand, they are more complex.
Cdmo/cmo services are in the early stages of development, and market demand continues to rise. With the advent of the paramedical era and the development of cell/genotherapy, various car-t therapy, stem-cell therapy, geno-based diseases.
According to data from Dealform, based on gene therapy and vector technology for gene therapy, the field of gene therapy has accelerated since 2013, creating a new high in 2018 and maintaining strong growth in 2019. Current genetic therapy cooperation projects are more focused on neurology, cancer, ophthalmology, haemorrhage.
At present, the cell and gene therapy industry is still in the early stages of rapid growth, with enormous scope for growth. The demand for manufacturing in the cell and gene therapy market will provide a lot of opportunities for cdmo firms, and it will be in the short term.
In the future, the global market for cell and gene therapy products cdmo/cmo is expected to grow at a high rate of 24.5%. Cell and gene therapy products cdmo/cmo can provide customers with access from product R & D to gmp production to product declaration and regulation.
The global market for cell and gene therapy products (cdmo/cmo) is about $1.5 billion a year. Technological innovation, process optimization, and the need for regulatory declaration services continue to rise, keeping the cdmo/cmo industry a high-speed growth rate of about 24.5% per year.
China’s cell and gene therapy product cdmo/cmo is expected to enter a high-speed development with a market size of up to $500 million in 2022. According to the frost&sullivan report, about 27% of the world’s cell and gene therapy projects were developed in 2017 in China, second only to the United States.
In line with the latest trends in treatment technology, companies are actively developing the new growth point in the future of cell and gene therapy. Companies provide cell and gene therapy from the early stages to commercialization, mainly through highly integrated production bases located in Central America and the US.
The R & D and production services, including process development, testing, cgmp production of products related to cell and gene therapy, etc. Root, according to the collection book, accounted for 8% and 18% of the global and U.S. Cmo/cdmo market share in 2017, ranking fourth and second place in the global and U.S. market.
The construction of advanced production bases for internationalization has continued to grow. The company now has three production bases in Philadelphia, with 220,000 square feet of cgmp cell therapy facilities and 50,000 square feet of commercialization of the same species and home cell therapy production facilities that provide rapid growth in demand in the field of cell and gene therapy from process development to clinical and commercial cgmp students.
One-stop service for production and analytical testing. Figure 72: Corporate Cdmo production base for cell and gene therapy is moving forward efficiently and the results of the project are impressive. As of 30 June 2019, the company had 30 clinical steps.
Cdmo services are provided by the Quantico Cells and Genetics Project, which includes 21 clinical pilot projects and 9 clinical trials in /, and four projects that entered the / phase during the first half of 2019. The results of the project include assistance to multinational pharmaceutical companies in marketing in China, pd-1 single resistance to colon cancer breakthroughs in domestic pharmaceutical companies in China.
The business is still in the process of building capacity and capacity, and the company plans to raise $800 million for the production of 20 new cytogenetic plants, which will be released gradually within three years. In the first half of 2019, the research on tinless cells and gene therapy products will be carried out.
Production bases are officially established to enhance domestic production capacity and services. With the gradual release of capacity and the advancement of ongoing projects, the growth of revenues from the plate will be accelerated, and we believe that it will grow at a higher rate than the industry, and industry regulatory policies are expected to create development opportunities for medical appliances.
Regulations (regulation(eu) 2017/745, or “mdr”) have significantly increased the criteria and restrictions for the certification of medical devices. We have introduced policies to support the national substitution of medical devices, and the medical mah system has promoted the outsourcing of medical devices.
The process of regularizing bed testing has accelerated, the technical and regulatory complexity associated with the development of medical equipment has increased, and it is hoped that the demand for contract service providers will increase in the coming years, and that the demand for medical equipment in China will continue to expand. The global market for medical equipment products will continue to grow steadily.
By 2020, it is expected to increase to $51.35 billion; domestic medical devices are growing at a much faster rate than the global increase, with the number of medical equipment-related tests increasing by 63% in 2018. With advances in technology and the need to upgrade medical equipment products, the global and domestic market for medical equipment has been expanding and increasing investment in research and development, but small-scale medical equipment manufacturers are taking advantage of the industry markets in which they operate.
Narrower regulatory approvals have contributed significantly to the development of the medical instrument detection co-services. According to the frost&sullivan report, the US market for testing medical equipment rose from $200 million in 2013 to $280 million in 2017, with a year-on-year compound increase, a highly fragmented global market and smaller domestic firms.
Development of medical equipment, market patterns are highly fragmented, with small-scale enterprises taking the lead. Existing enterprises include: Namsa, Charlesriver Laboratories, Chiltern, cmic, eurofinscientific, fmdk&l, icon, medpace, novella clinical, paraexel, ppd, promedic international, syneoshealth, and Pharmaconecomb.
The company’s portfolio is based on internationalization standards, and is competitive. Since 2008, the company has acquired an apptec company (Pharma Condé America), which expands its medical equipment development and testing services, and now has an operating entity in Central America and the United States.
The research and development production base in Souda provides clients with pre-clinical safety counselling, testing of medical devices from design to commercialization, production of medical devices cgmp, etc. China’s testing centre was officially launched in Suzhou in November 2018 to fully introduce the capability, operation and quality management system of the U.S. Device testing services.
The verification of oecd and cnas, as well as numerous client glp audits, and the rare Iso/iec17025:2005 standard certification of laboratories in São Paulo and Atlanta, which covers 157 countries. Internationalization standards cut across the one-stop platform of medical device detection services from R & D to market, with companies operating with significant international competitiveness.
Biorisk assessment and biocompatibility testing Global declaration regulatory consultation Cell toxicity test
Global regulation (fda, cfda) evaluation and blood solubility test
Embedding test, sensitivity test, mass system building qsr and iso.
Thermogen test 510 (k), pma et al.
The overall toxicity test (acute) Chronic and subchronic tests The success rate of contracting orders has increased and business is expected to return to steady growth.
The change in outsourcing strategy has had a significant impact on the company’s revenue from instrument testing operations, and the company is now improving continuously through enhanced sales and outreach. In the first half of 2019, the U.S. medical device testing service clients’ success rate and the precision of their production capacity increased, resulting in a 3.9 percentage point increase in the U.S. district laboratory service rate over the same period last year.
It was argued that, along with increased regulation of the medical equipment industry and continued expansion of the company ' s domestic operations, there are still significant opportunities for this operation to benefit from policy dividends and sustain steady growth.5 Investment and M&As have moved towards the field of medical health.
5.1 Out-of-country M & As strengthens competitiveness, medical research and development is strong, and looking at the development path of the world’s co-largers, which complements operations through extended M & As, and expands rapidly, is a common way for companies to do great things. Domestic co-enterprises are also engaged in global M & As integration to achieve business.
International competitiveness is enhanced by the expansion of the field and the global distribution of productive capacity. Corporate deep-farming pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing, long-term field of innovative drug research and development, deep understanding of cutting-edge technology and industry trends in the pharmaceutical industry, and leading international perspectives.
Mergers and acquisitions of high-quality companies are consolidated in the various sub-areas, moving towards horizontal and vertical expansion of operations, continuously upgrading services and capacities in the areas of cutting-edge scientific theory, new and emerging technology platforms, informatization and data capacity-building, and strengthening the integrated competitiveness of their core operations in the pharmaceutical R & D core of the industrial chain.
Figure 76: For example, the Ming Condé merger and purchase event is a 5.2 joint camp and equity investment in building a healthy pharmaceutical ecosystem, investing in a healthy ecosphere of medicine, and always maintaining a priori advantage in the industry.
The Fund, which relies on industrial resources to make selective investments in a number of cutting-edge scientific areas to keep track of cutting-edge science and technology in the industry, and pre-arranged earlier than competitors, currently invests mainly in innovative biotechnology, artificial intelligence, transformative technology, pharmaceutical health information technology, pharmaceutical health services, five major blocks of technology and R & D in the sector of disaggregation.
Innovative companies, of which unitybiotechnology and Chinese-collar medicine are listed in NASDAQ and Hong Kong, respectively, have invested in risk investments mainly through the Medicines for the First Period Fund, which, as of 31 December 2018, had invested in 52 developments, the Medical Health Investment Fund, the development of api ancillary drugs, the development of medical devices, and in vitro diagnosis.
Accurate investment strategies not only bring about industrial synergies, but also increase expectations of higher returns on investment. According to the company’s offer notes, by June 2018, companies invested a total of $39.2 million in seven companies and realized about $63.7 million in liquidity through the sale of some of the investments.
It is one of the companies that invests in the health and well-being of the company, with the Mayoclinic of the world’s top hospital.
Co-founded, with four people actually in control of Li Ge, among others. The Pharmacology Oscillator focuses on the field of precision high-end diagnostics, with the aim of building an in vitro diagnostic, diagnostic and industry-enabling dual platform, with the core product of a disease diagnostic package covering the detection of infectious diseases, tumours, genetic diseases, self-immunological diseases, etc., including early screening, accurate diagnosis, auxiliary decision-making and pre-management of the four main applications.
Xing, which provides one-stop diagnostic decision-making solutions for Chinese hospitals and doctors. The drug Ming-O's research and development base at Shanghai headquarters and Minnesota Dameo in the United States, through the integrated diagnostic service platform that integrates multiplatforms, multicluster technical capabilities and larger clinical diagnostic data, covers multi-pathic and full-course diagnostics, while assisting the innovator to speed up the process of technology transformation from research and development to commercialization.
In vitro-diagnostics are being introduced to hundreds of Meow Medical Laboratory special screening projects, which are expected to complete 3,000 projects in 2019, and will form five regional operations centers in China, China, North, South China, and the West. Accurate investment is being made in the area of health, building a healthy global pharmaceutical ecosystem.
In the broader context, companies have developed a series of cutting-edge investment packages around pharmaceutical companies, hospitals, doctors, patients, etc. to drive technological innovation and data-driven innovation to break the barriers to health in medicine, thereby attracting more participants into the pharmaceutical research and development industry, and building and continuously expanding healthy pharmaceutical ecosystems. Corporate integrated service platforms not only meet the needs of diverse clients, but also enable them to do so.
For example, for the development of oral small molecule direct anti-hepatitis (hbv) drugs in Novira, the Department has become a founding investor in Novira through the Innovation Fund and has provided them with a comprehensive coro service, while the company has been working on the development of another anti-hbv small molecule: Janssen acquired novira in November 2015 and subsequently acquired it.
The company has also fostered new players, continued support, and expansion of healthy pharmaceutical ecosystems through a variety of activities. Based on the positioning of the “integrated, end-to-end” open innovation enabling platform, the company has built and expanded and acquired through endogenous construction.
Continuing to strengthen the capacity and scale of services, reducing the threshold for research and development on new medicines, improving the efficiency of research and development, and providing the roots of high-quality services, in particular for “long tail” clients, such as small and medium-sized biotechnology companies, virtual companies, etc. Looking ahead, building a healthy pharmaceutical biosphere will attract more participants, enabling platforms to pool knowledge and experience
To help hospitals and doctors to achieve better diagnosis and treatment, to help patients get better medical and medical support, and to strive to achieve from “no hard-to-do” to “no hard-to-do” to “no hard-to-do” treatment.
With accelerated ageing of society, rising demand for personal health consumption, and strategic support from national policies, large-scale healthy production has created huge market opportunities. We believe that a global health-care delivery system, from empowering medicine to empowering medicine, will deepen its business model and bottom value, and that companies will be opening up a wider development space.
Assumption 1: China District Laboratory Services: pre-cro clinical advantage continues, city occupancy increases, ddsu project pushes for sustained cash inflows, and additional capacity will gradually be released in 2020. Overall, the 2019-2021 industry is projected: scenario 2: cdmo/cmo services: benefits from global order transfer and mah policy dividends, upstream orders and early years
Assumption 3: Clinical coro and other services: industry continues to be high, company operations are at the beginning of scale, global production capacity is built
We have selected four companies in the industry that are the closest to Pharmacy's business, 67 times the average of pe in 2019 and 2020, and 49 times the average of four companies.
Upgraded, the integrated R & D services platform will receive a large number of long-tail clients and ddsu will generate a sustained cash inflow; 2) cmo/cdmo services will benefit from the mah policy, the number of domestic clients and projects is expected to increase continuously, and the transformation of early projects into later stages will facilitate the acceleration of operations; 3) clinical co-global and Chinese markets will grow rapidly, and as the Chinese-American business is well-developed and productive
With the release, pre-clinic client shift, the high rate of growth of the company’s clinical co-operation is expected to continue; 4) the gene and cellular therapy cdmo industry is emerging, and the company’s business size and capacity are leading globally, and it is expected to build new growth points in the future. The industry’s leader in outsourcing research and development (R & D) has benefited significantly from the industry’s dividends and flagship premiums.
And there's greater certainty in performance, and the emerging business clinical coro, cellular and gene therapy cdmo and ddsu opens up new imaginations. There should be a margin of valuation premium compared to comparable companies in the industry. We look forward to a long-term growth space for companies, maintaining 1) the risk of exchange rate fluctuations and the risk of overseas operations.
Institutions, there may be a risk of loss on exchange due to high exchange rate fluctuations, as well as of overseas operations. 2) The risk of a decline in the profile of the pharmaceutical outsourcing service industry.
Institutions like & sullivan also predict a faster growth in the size of China’s market, but there is still a possibility that the macro-economic environment and changes in national drug-research policies, among other things, will slow down investment in research and development for medicine, causing downswings in the industry. Insufficient operational synergies pose a risk of less than expected client capacity.
The entire industry chain of commercial production was identified, facilitating the transformation of R & D projects into pre-cro, clinical and cdmo business sectors, so that the synergies of the business sector were important for obtaining long-tailored clients and for retaining clients, and that poor business synergies could lead to less than expected growth of clients and projects.
There is also a risk of increased competition in China’s pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing industry, with an increase in the number of coro and cdmo companies in the country and possibly more competition in the market.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.