The innovative medicine industry is booming, and the cro's head is rising on November 20, 20, 20, 2019, and the country's clinical cro is entering the prime stage of development, with an average annual growth rate of 20 per cent for the industry.
Over the above, the global small molecule cdmo/cmo market is expected to continue to grow at around 12.0%, domestic policies and so on have encouraged pharmaceutical companies to reform, domestic cro to enter the development gold period with an average annual growth rate of more than 20% in industry and large market space. The global small molecule cdmo/cmo market is expected to be large.
The gold phase of new drug research and development has seen a significant increase in the demand for cmo, the transfer of the developed countries’ cmo operations to developing countries, and our market share has been increasing.  as a global cro/cmo leader, the whole industry chain is better organized.
The Department’s growth in performance is largely dependent on the Chinese district laboratory and the all-round pharmaceutical industry, and clinical co-operation is expected to grow rapidly. Small molecular drug discovery operations in the Chinese district are dependent on growth in the industry and the company’s leadership, and are expected to sustain growth of around 30%, with later commercialization projects expected to provide sustained performance.
Sex, clinical co-operation is expected to improve the business layout through acquisition of metkey, pharmapace, etc., and it is expected that the market share will be raised in the future through a combination of upstream and downstream operations. (2) In the long run, the company ddsu sector will be empowering the domestic pharmaceutical industry, and as the project moves forward, it is expected that it will become an important business for the company in the future.
With the upgrading of technology in this field, it is expected that in the coming years, the bulk of the product will become an important bridgehead for corporate innovation frontlines.
• The company’s whole-of-the-industry layout, with an increase in upstream and downstream penetration rates, is expected to further consolidate the industry, taking full advantage of the industry’s advantages in the area of investment. The company’s outreach extends from early clinical discovery to the cmo area, further increasing the inter-sectoral penetration of the company’s upstream and downstream operations, and is expected to increase the company’s presence.
Performance and customer loyalty. At the same time, the corporate area of investment effectively enhances the company’s capacity to do business, enriches the industry chain, and, at the same time, exploits the advantages of its own industry, fully digs for high-quality companies and uses its own resources to assist in the development of the target.
60x, 49x. The coro industry thrives on innovative drugs as domestic pharmaceutical reforms drive the company to cover the cmo/cdmo whole-sector chain from pre-cro to downstream, while developing the ddsu sector ' s business, integrated industry landscape and the company ' s business ahead of schedule in the field of cell and gene therapy.
The new risks are lower than expected, the return on investment is lower than expected, and the risk of exchange gains and losses.
It was established in December 2000 to provide a comprehensive and integrated new pharmaceutical development and production service to the global biomedical industry. Through the enabling global pharmaceutical, biotech and medical equipment companies, it is working to promote the development of new medicines that will bring breakthrough diagnostic programmes to patients.
More than 3600 partner R & D innovation projects in more than 30 countries around the world, including multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, start-up companies, virtual companies, and academics and non-profit research institutions. In 2018, companies were listed at their own drop-in points.
The business layout of the company covers Asia, North America, Europe, and basically the world. Figure 2: Global distribution of companies ' global affiliates geli (Li Ge) and Ningzhao (Zho Ning), Liu Xiaojong and Zhang Xiaojun are the founders of the company.
As of 30 September 2019, the chairman of the company, Li Gui, held an indirect share of 15.53% (g&cvitimed, g&civhongkongmited, g&cvlimited controlled by Lee Ggbot).
The company has the global leading open drug research and development and production service platform, which provides clients with a comprehensive mix of research and development and production services, covering processes for small molecular drug discovery, development and production. The company provides research and development and production services for cell and gene therapy in the cdmo model, as well as medical device testing services and clinical testing services.
The company’s range of services covers the entire process from conceptualization to commercial production, and is one of the few global “integrated, end-to-end” new drug research and development service platforms that can meet the expanding and diversified global client demand. The company’s main business can be divided into laboratory services in the China region, contract production research and development/contractual production services.
(cdmo/cmo), US District Laboratory Services, Clinical Research and other Cro Services, four plates that cut across drug discovery, pre-clinical development, clinical research, and the entire industry chain of commercial production.The company ' s core business continues to be cro, with the highest percentage of laboratory services in China District, increasing at the same rate in 2018.
Up to 24 per cent, cdmo/cmo operations also grew at a rate of 28 per cent, while clinical research and other cro operations grew significantly with the significant development of clinical coro operations (64 per cent in 2018 compared to the same year).
Industry. The company’s aggressive outreach to clients, especially biotech, has led to a slight decline in the drug intake of the top 20 pharmaceutical companies in recent years, with companies gradually operating in various regions of the globe as global high-quality cro enterprises, and interregional collaboration is expected to expand further.
Companies are gradually closing up their industrial chains, and at a later stage they are expected to increase the synergies between upstream and downstream operations. Companies continue to drive new knowledge, new technologies, improve R & D efficiency, reduce R & D costs, and the capacity of platforms to innovate is growing, creating a virtuous circle.
Services, synergies between business plates are further enhanced. 1.4. Companies ' profitability. 5.894 billion yuan in operating income was realized in the first half of 2019, representing an increase of 33.68 per cent in comparison with 33.68 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother.
1057 million yuan, a decrease of 16.91 per cent in the same year, and net corporate non-mortality profits of $993 million, an increase of 20.05 per cent in the same year; corporate Māori rates and net interest rates decreased slightly overall due to an increase in the ratio of clinical operations (lower Māori rates), with company Māori sales of 38.78 per cent in the first half of 2019, up 0.67 percentage points from the previous year.
Operating income of the company 2019q1-q3 was RMB 9,279 million (+34.06 per cent), net profit of the mother was RMB 1,765 million (+8.46 per cent), net profit of the non-mortality was 1.714 billion (+36.88 per cent), and net profit of the mother was lower on a year-on-year basis due mainly to the public gain of RMB 50.2 to 664 million in the third quarter of 2019.
Non-ifrs’ net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies have increased significantly since last year. Company costs have remained stable, management rates (including R & D) and sales rates have remained constant at 15%, and company cmo/cdmo has to some extent, owing to the need to invest heavily in the construction of the plant and the purchase of equipment.
As a result of the company’s gradual increase in its clinical investments, the characteristics of its light assets will benefit the company’s growth. The company’s repayments are close to good, and, as an order-driven firm, the company’s business returns guarantee a robust cash flow.
In 2018, more than 1,400 new customers were added to the company, providing services to more than 3.500 clients from more than 30 countries worldwide, covering all the top 20 pharmaceutical companies worldwide. As the number and type of company-enabling platform services grew, the number of companies’ new and old clients grew steadily.
Clients provide high-quality new drug research and development services and stringent intellectual property rights protection to help clients increase the efficiency of their research and development and reduce their research in the continuous provision of innovative and diverse services during the advancement of the drug research and development value chain and when customers start new projects, i.e. during the cro and cdmo/cmo phases, from “following the project” to “following the drug molecules”.
Expand services. Companies deepen their long-tail strategy to meet the needs of growing and diversified small and medium-sized biotechnology companies, virtual companies and individual entrepreneurs by providing comprehensive and customized services. Long-tail customers are more demanding for cro and cdmo/cmo, companies are empowered in terms of capacity and size, and customers are not required to invest in building.
Laboratory and other fixed assets are able to focus on innovative scientific research, accelerate project advancement and increase capital efficiency.
At the end of 2018, there were 17730 employees, of whom 13940 were technicians.
Higher, the company has 949 Ph.D.s and above, and 5636 M.A.s, representing 5% and 32% of the total, respectively. The company ' s workforce is significantly higher than that of other counterparts in the country, and the impact of scale is evident.
The stability of the company’s personnel structure is an important basis for the company’s continued development.
Incentives for employees increase their motivation. The company has done a lot of work on two platforms, namely, the Pharmacy Condt and the All-Dispensary Industries, which provide a wide range of incentives that can better guarantee the stability of the company's core staff, provide advice on the company's follow-up business, policy volatility is too volatile, and the co-lead companies are empowering the innovation industry.
Quantities to suppress generic drug market space, mah, etc. to promote innovative drug development, 4+7 procurement across the country, low barriers to counterfeiting drug space has been significantly reduced, and the national expansion of the 24 September National Organization for the Central Purchase and Use of Drugs Pilot project produced the proposed successful results, with 25 +7
The pilot drug expansion was fully successful, resulting in 45 selected firms and 60 selected products. This procurement led to a further reduction in the price of the respective variety of procurements nationwide, representing an average 59 per cent decrease in the proposed winning price compared with the lowest procurement price in the Alliance area in 2018; and an average decrease compared with the “4+7” pilot selection level in 2018.
According to official data, the "4+7" procurement volume implemented in 2018 was a pilot of 25 varieties, with 1.7 billion copies of the "4+7" urban procurement volume as of the end of August, and 78% of the procurement of the same generic drug. The future expansion of procurement across the country would be gradual, both in the range of medicines and in the regions where they were introduced.
The mah regime was liberalized, and the policy dividend became apparent as a series of policies were implemented in the country. Prior to the introduction of mah, the drug listing licence was tied up with the production permit. mah, which separated the listing licence from the production permit, made it possible.
Cmo/cdmo firms are qualified to take on production orders, which also allows non-producing R & D institutions to complete drug production through cmo, which contributes significantly to the development of the cmo market.
1) China’s cro industry is growing by more than 20%, and the cost/engineer dividend highlights the competitive advantage of the country’s cro market, which currently consists mainly of cross-border cro and indigenous cro. International giants include, inter alia, ouintiles, covance, etc., cross-border cro have full-chain R & D capabilities and service delivery covers drug discovery.
Preclinical research, clinical research, registration of new medicines, etc., but because of the high and long life of the clinical cologne, the multinational giant R & D outsourcing service is mainly based on clinical coro.
Clinical cro includes Thai medicine, Kandang Wing, Bozi medicine, etc. According to frost&sullivan’s projections, global cro sales increased at an annual compound rate of 9.6% between 2014 and 2018, the global cro industry is expected to reach $68.7 billion in 2020, and the cro industry will account for overall R & D investment.
By the end of 2020, we will have a market of more than $60 billion in the cro sector.
We believe that the next few years will mark a period of local gold development, which will gradually take on a more important role. 1) The indigenous coro is familiar with the domestic market and can provide most of the pre-clinical or clinical laboratory research services.
Given the high cost and long cycle of clinical cro, which is an important component of research and development spending, firms are more interested in value for money in the selection of cro suppliers. The cro industry is a human resource-intensive industry, and China’s labour resources are richer and cheaper than in the United States.
Figure 28: Comparison of per capita remuneration (US$/year) of US-Indian and Central America (US$/year)
China’s innovation medicine rises, and the science and innovation board helps in the innovation of medicine. To encourage the introduction of innovative drug-related policies, the number of new drug declarations and ind batches has grown rapidly, and the number of pharmaceutical clinics has grown rapidly.
Figure 31: Clinical declaration of type I and II biopharmaceuticals and approved clinical conditions (numbers) Impact of volume procurement, with prices falling by more than 90%, as in the case of Ende Caves. Currently, 6 of the top 10 drugs sold globally are antibody drugs, of which 19,9 billion dollars are sold in Adawood.
Pd1, cd20, vegfr, her2 target drug research and development is well under way.2 With the rapid growth of the global small molecule cdmo/cmo market, the demand for new drugs has increased significantly, and the cmo/cdmo industry is mainly targeting large international pharmaceutical companies and new R&D companies.
China and India have become strong competitors among their counterparts in North America, Europe, and Japan. Many competitive advantages, such as human talent, infrastructure, and cost structures, have contributed to the gradual emergence of China’s cmo/cdmo industry as an international pharmaceutical industry.
The frost&sullivan report predicts that the global small molecule cdmo/cmo market will be about $64.9 billion in 2018. In search of more efficient and low-cost production methods, multinational pharmaceutical companies will continue to seek external order support services from professional cdmo/cmo companies for some time to come, and the global cdmo/cmo market will be protected.
The size of the global small molecule cdmo/cmo market is expected to reach $102.1 billion in 2022, and the future Chinese small molecule cdmo/cmo market is expected to continue to grow rapidly at around 19.4%. According to the frost&sullivan report, the size of the small molecule cdmo/cmo market in China was about $5.7 billion in 2018.
The cdmo/cmo industry has a high threshold, so it's been a little late for our enterprises to enter the segment. But, thanks to the competitive advantages of talent, infrastructure and cost structures, the lead of large international pharmaceutical companies and China's policy of encouraging new medicines, research and development, and the introduction of the public licensing system (mah), our cdmo/cmo enterprise has already developed its own.
Becoming a strategic supplier to pharmaceutical companies and playing an increasingly important role. The size of the Chinese small molecule cdmo/cmo market is expected to reach $11.6 billion in 2022, with an average compound growth rate of around 19.4 per cent in 2018-2022.
The developed countries have shifted their cmo operations to developing countries, and our market share is increasing. By the end of 2015, only five cmo/cdmo enterprises worldwide had operating revenues of more than $500 million, concentrated in the European and Asian regions, mainly serving developed regions such as Europe and America and Japan.
Worldwide, cmo/cdmo companies in Europe and America have a long history, and production processes, equipment advances and management capabilities are at the top of the world: cmo/cdmo enterprises in China and India, with relatively short display times, can directly operate using state-of-the-art production processes and have flexibility and high levels of innovation in research and development.
My country’s cmo, which started late, differs considerably from the market share of the advanced European and American economies. Because of the costs of developed countries, environmental protection, and so on, more and more TNCs have opted to contract some of their operations to developing countries like China-India.
Cmo firms in emerging market countries, represented by China, continue to add to their pre-existing advantage of low-cost human resources, increasing the share of research and innovation in new and innovative drugs and the innovation of pharmaceutical processes in the cmo market. The demand for new drugs has increased significantly during the gold phase of new drug research and development.
The overall demand for new drug research and development is higher for cmo. For small and medium-sized enterprises undertaking new drug research and development, because of their weak financial capacity and lack of fixed assets, more options are available to outsource production to the cmo enterprise.
Strengthening the pre-cro core competitive advantage, ddsu development potential 3.1. China district laboratory services: smooth core business development China district laboratory services include mainly small molecular compound discovery services and drug analysis and testing services
Small-molecular drug discovery services are located mainly at research and development bases in Shanghai, Suzhou, Tianjin, and Wuhan, China. The company’s very large group of pharmaceutical chemists is led by hundreds of complex chemists with international vision and experience.
The company also provides integrated new drug discovery and research and development services to domestic clients from the drug discovery stage until the submission of the ind declaration to the National Drug Control Service. Drug analysis and testing services: via oecd, fda, mpa, etc. in Shanghai and Suzhou, respectively
IMSS or an authoritatively certified analytical laboratory at aaalac provide global clients with analytical services ranging from drug discovery to product listing, such as pharmacodynamics and toxicology services, bioanalytical services and testing services, and a package of services for clients' ind declarations in the United States, China, etc.
The company now owns one of the largest and most experienced small molecular chemical research and development teams in the world, carrying out more than 7,000 chemical reactions per day. The company's 209h1 Chinese district laboratory services generated 2,989 million yuan (+23.70 per cent).
There are about 90 billion molecules in the code compound library (del) that empower an increasing number of global customers.
Figure 37: Breakdown of operating income from laboratories in the China region. The company ' s laboratory service in the China district was 1.392 billion yuan (+19.38 per cent), and the Māori rate decreased by 157 percentage points, mainly due to higher costs than in the same period last year due to increased corporate incentives for key talent, including equity incentive schemes
The company also provides domestic clients with pre-clinical integrated R & D services that include a milestone share of the future external authorization of the product and a share of the proceeds of the sale when the product is on the market. In the first three quarters of 2019, the company cumulatively completed 71 studies for domestic clients.
Clinical trials for new drugs have been declared, and have been approved by 54 projects. From the case of the Chinese district laboratory service to clients, it can be seen that neoplasms and immuno-cancer tumours are still the current hotspot, while the company’s main projects are still in the early stages of pre-clinic and clinical i.
The company’s headquarters and the Centre for Research and Development of Analytical and Diagnostic Services have been put into operation, the expansion of the drug safety evaluation centre in Suzhou has begun, and the first new laboratories for the Tianjin chemical research and development laboratory have been launched. The company has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the city of Kaidong, and research and development will be established in Guangdong.
The Centre, the first new laboratories, is expected to become operational in the second half of 2019.
Cell and gene therapy - front-line treatments are pre-arranged. The company provides development and production services for gmp cell therapy, using cytotherapy products and vectors of genetic engineering, mainly through a high-level I-based production base in Central America and the United States. Cell and gene therapy services include process development, testing, cgmp of related products.
Production, etc. Currently, the new 15,000 m2 R & D laboratories and gmp production plants in Philadelphia, United States of America, are in operation. The Cdmo platform for company cell and gene therapy served 24 i clinical trials and 9 ii/iii clinical pilot projects in the first three quarters of 2019.
The global market for cell and gene therapy products cdmo/cmo is expected to grow at a high rate of about 24.5% in the future. According to the frost&sullivan report, the global market for cell and gene therapy products cdmo/cmo in 2018 is about $1.5 billion.
The treatment product cdmo/cmo is expected to grow rapidly. The global market for cell and gene therapy products is expected to reach $3.6 billion in 2022, with an average composite growth rate of 24.5% in 2018-2022.
According to the frost&solivan report, about 27% of the global treatment projects for cell and gene therapy were developed in China in 2017, after the United States. As regulatory policies for related products improve, China’s cdmo/cmo market for cell and gene therapy products is expected to enter a rapid period of development, and the market is expected to reach its size in 2022.
Medical equipment testing services - cutting through the entire industry chain of medical equipment development and production. Services include pre-clinical safety counselling services, testing services for medical devices from design to commercialization, cgmp production services for medical devices.
The US District revenue of 2019h1 was $710 million (+29.98 per cent), the Cdmo service for cellular and gene therapy products and the increase in the detection of medical devices were significant compared to the previous year.
In April 2016, the company set up a joint venture in China with junothapeutics. Jwcar029 (cd19 target towards embedded antigen receptor t cells) has been approved as a bed (the treatment of the relapsible b-cells is not Hodgkin lymphoma) and is in the lead in many competitions in the country.
Cell and gene therapy attract capital in the face of great potential, and genetic treatment programmes and drugs are approved around the world. The current clinical pilot project for genetic therapy is dominated by the ii phase, with the United States and China leading the world. The most popular is still car-t-cell therapy, which has been on the market since 2017, but the heat has remained constant.
In February 2019, car-t-cell therapy was approved for inclusion in health care by the US Healthcare and Medical Services Centre. According to the International Union of Regenerative Medicine, global funding for cell and gene therapy amounted to $9.7 billion in 2018, a doubling of 2017 and an average annual compound growth rate of 88% in 2016-2018.
From this point of view, the clinical pilot project for treatment has been on the rise since December 2016, when fda ' s regenerative medical advanced therapy (ramt) was released. The global clinical pilot project for cell and gene therapy reached 724 in 2018, an increase of 27 per cent over the same year.
3.3.dsu: New Medicines Research and Development Department, enabling innovative business for downstream clients
Preclinical research and development service platforms such as pharmacology, pharmacodynamics, toxicology, and cmc. Ddsu, through organic integration of sub-platforms, uses a completely new model of cooperation, focusing on providing one-stop new drug development and development services for small molecules such as Chinese pharmaceutical companies, with the aim of making the Ind declaration.
We estimate that China’s biopharmaceuticals, quartz, and other leading domestic pharmaceutical companies are working together with her. The industry has been working together to develop co-ordinated clinical co-operation.
4.1. Domestic clinical crón is entering a period of development of gold, with industry growing at an average rate of more than 20% per year, and the current domestic crócro market is composed mainly of transnational crón and native crón.
Preclinical research, clinical research, registration of new medicines, etc., but because of the high and long life of the clinical cologne, the multinational giant R & D outsourcing service is mainly based on clinical coro.
Clinical cro includes Thai medicine, Bozi medicine, etc. The number of inds in the country is increasing, and it is expected that as clinical trials move forward, the need for clinical trial services will increase over the next three to five years.
With the impact of international outsourcing of pharmaceutical enterprise R & D to emerging countries, biopharmaceutical parks, talent and innovative drug vc/pe blow-out developments, consistent assessment of the location of the industry and the further strengthening of the trend towards globalization in the cro sector, the coro industry has been able to develop across borders.
The annual compound growth rate of 21 per cent is expected to exceed 60 billion yuan by the end of 2020, of which 4.2. Business synergies in the industrial chain are expected to lead to higher levels of profitability, such as data statistics. Corporate clinical research and other cro services include clinical trial services (cds) and on-site management services (smo).
Clinical trial services include clinical trial programme design, project management, i-iv monitoring and management of clinical trials, fruit research and clinical trial services: embedded outsourcing and clinical informatics. Smo services include project management and clinical site management services. The company continues to move forward with network layout and clinical centre construction globally, Chengdui
The Clinical Trial Centre has been certified as a quality management standard for drug clinical trials with 117 beds to provide high-quality and efficient clinical research services to clients. As of 2019h1, the company ' s cds team had over 850 specialized clinical trial teams covering over 60 major cities around the world; the company ' s smo team has over 2200 visitors.
Bed coordinators, providing clinical centre management services in more than 900 hospitals in more than 120 cities throughout the country. Corporate Clinical Cro operates with revenues of $470 million (+104.22%), benefiting from the rapid development of the country's new drug clinical trial market and the revenue from mergers and acquisitions of $84.45 million.
Figure 43: Corporate Clinical Cro Business The company Clinical Cro Starts late, the business share is still relatively low, and the company uses more clinical coro than ever before.
1) smo: acquisition of metkey, establishment of Shanghai Jinseok (2009) Shanghai Zinse was established in 2009 with nearly 20 offices throughout the country.
In more than 110 cities across the country, there is a crc team of more than 2,200 people, with more than 500 experience in i-iv bed research projects and in-depth collaboration with more than 700 hospitals across the country.
Created in 1976 as a subsidiary of the praholdingsinc., it is one of the world ' s leading global cro, providing outsourced clinical development services to biotechnology companies and the pharmaceutical industry. Pra ' s global bed development platform includes more than 70 sites in North America, Europe, Asia, Latin America, South Africa, Australia and the Middle East.
The office also employs more than 13,300 employees. Since 2000, Pra has conducted some 3,500 clinical trials worldwide. In addition, Pra has been involved in critical or supportive clinical trials for more than 70 drugs, leading to their approval by the Food and Drug Administration of the United States or international regulatory bodies.
In 2012, the company established a partnership with the Pra, and in 2015 re-established the Condolence Wing. The range of services covers all stages of research, including medical devices, vd and vaccines, and provides clients with a perfect outsourcing experience from the start-up of the research to its final delivery.
2) Acquisition of US Clinical Research Services (CRS) pharmapace, Globalized Deployment and International Multi-Centred Clinical Services pharmapace, based in Santiago, United States of America, with clinical data statistical analysis as its central highlight, attracting large pharmaceutical companies and bionews companies.
The fully-funded subsidiary, the Condex Wing, will integrate resources with pharmapace, with a service team of more than 850 people in Central America, focusing on expanding the platform-wide capacity for clinical research data statistical analysis services, providing one-stop clinical data statistical analysis services from pre-clinical development, clinical research to registered declarations to global and regional clients.
The company’s clinical coro business is still in its infancy, with smaller businesses such as data statistics, which have significantly lower Māori rates than their counterparts’ Thai medicine, Bozi medicine, and so on. As clinical programs increase, future high Māori clinical trial service operations (data statistics, etc.) are expected to continue to grow.
cmo/cdmo: All-round drug industry as a delivery platform, growing rapidly, and all-round drug industry: cdmo full-chain coverage, with strong and strong orders
(+28%) of which 1.26 billion (+30%) was earned during the post-clinic stage of api (including commercialization); once the pre-clinical integration of api was completed, it was currently relatively rare in the country for cdmo to provide cmc full-chain integration services to clients from intermediates, raw materials to preparations.
There are more than 650 new drug molecules, of which 40 are in the clinical iii phase and 16 have been approved for the market. For clients in the service country, the company helped Gonowei, the new hepatitis C drug for Goetz pharmaceutical in 2018, and Gonowey, the coronary for yellow pelicans.
Trusted producer of innovative medicines. More than 900 new drug molecules were involved in the company ' s small molecule cdmo/cmo service project in the first three quarters of 2019, of which 40 were in the iii clinical trial phase and 17 had been approved for listing
Figure 45: Corporate cmo/cdmo income. The whole pharmaceutical industry set up a new technical capacity platform in 2018 for enzyme fermentation production, commercial-scale spray drying, and built a process development capacity for nucleotide and polythium.
In the future, companies will continue to build new capacity platforms for process development, production of raw materials, formulation development and production, and expand production capacity to meet the strong growth in customer demand in the coming years.
Investment operations: acquisition models support enterprise development, sustained robust investment returns 6.1. Investment M&As enrich industrial chain layouts cro and cmo (cdmo) cover a wide range of areas that can accelerate enterprise-wide chains through investment M&As
The company acquired a number of high-quality companies, such as apptec, Pepsi, crelux, and the Fai Xin Bien, and consolidated its business with the company’s existing business systems after the acquisition, while improving the industrial chain while enhancing synergies.
In July of that year, the company acquired a clinical trial company, wuxiclinical development, inc. (researchpointglobal), in order to expand clinical trial services to the United States and enhance clinical trial services for both US and US in innovative drugs for domestic and foreign clients.
6.2. Capital financing accelerated corporate business development. The Cmo core subsidiary successfully boarded the new three-board drug industry in 2015, completed the build-up of the company ' s capacity through multi-share equity financing of 2,451 million yuan, and in 2019, the entire pharmaceutical industry withdrew from the new three-platform market.
Ming Bian landed on the Hong Kong stock in 2017 and raised $4.1 billion to lay the foundation for building a layout for biocdmo block capacity.
Corporate equity investments are mainly venture capital investments through windfall funds such as wuxipharmatechhethcarefund.p. As the corporate portfolio expands, the windfall fund is expected to play an increasingly important role in the development of ecosystems. As of 31 December 2018, the company invested 52 companies (excluding joint ventures and associations)
Companies invest between 0.1% and 20.0%. Corporate investment projects are concentrated in the field of pharmaceutical health.
For cutting-edge technologies that can drive the development of the pharmaceutical health industry; (c) strategic long-term investments; and (d) venture capital funds, all of which allow companies to reach out to more participants in healthy pharmaceutical ecosystems and to remain at the forefront of science. Companies take full advantage of their business synergies, professionalism, and relatively objective returns.
1) Based on the current growth rate in the cro industry and company orders, it is expected that in the next three years, the Chinese district laboratory operation will be re-established in a clinical manner, and in the light of the high growth trend in the clinical cro industry, it is expected to increase over the next three years by 76 x, 60 x, and 49 x, respectively.
The fluctuations in corporate performance are mainly due to changes in the net return on fair value of the company and the net return on investment (for associated and joint ventures), with the gains and losses on fair value of the company mainly due to last year ' s listing of shares in the Chinese Medicine and Medicine Port, and the net return on investment mainly affected by market value fluctuations in the stone industry, excluding the gains and losses on fair value and net return on investment.
Cmo/cdmo high growth in short- and medium-term companies, maintenance of robust growth in pre-clinical cro operations, increased investment in the clinical cro industry, increased performance of the business by increasing penetration rates and future statistical activity, long-term growth in corporate cell and gene therapy operations and in the ddsu sector.
Rapid growth, with income-end growth remaining at 25-30%, and the current high profile of the cro industry, with overall corporate performance rising, suggests that there is still room for improvement in corporate valuations. The cro industry thrives on innovation as domestic pharmaceutical reforms drive it from pre-cro to downstream.
cmo/cdmo whole-sector coverage, along with early deployment in the field of cell and gene therapy, progressive development of ddsu sector operations, integrated industry landscape and corporate absolute industry leadership, first coverage, with a “buy-in” rating. Industry climate is lower than expected risk.
The year has benefited from the continued development of the global pharmaceutical market, coupled with the increasing demand for innovative medicines and research and development services in the domestic pharmaceutical market as policies such as tape purchases have been implemented. Future macroeconomic changes and the risk that pharmaceutical sector policies will lead to lower overall industrial growth and increased competition.
Competition with genetic therapy, research and development of medical devices, and outsourcing of production is intense, and it is expected that competition in the industry will continue to intensify, with firms facing competition in terms of quality of services, capacity, customer depth, and order prices. Research and development innovations are less than expected.
Innovative or M & As acquire new technologies and maintain a competitive position in the industry. Technological innovation is lower than expected to significantly reduce clients’ demand for public-sector services, resulting in a downside risk for corporate ownership.
Strategic investments in state-of-the-art technologies for health care, mainly start-ups. Early start-up companies are still developing, with high probability of failure, and there is a risk that investment returns will be lower than expected owing to the relative lack of liquidity of the investors.
The impact on performance is likely to increase. Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee