Powder's 603259 in-depth report to the world's leading cro/cmo leader, long-term, high-predictability growth, Fong Jun-yun (Research Assistant)
China District Laboratories: Drugs are found to be internationally competitive, and drug analysis is actively involved in international competition for compound discovery services and drug analysis services in China District Laboratories.
In 2018, about $4,091 million was found in drugs, compared to 5.36% in the world, and it is expected to remain active in international competition through customer-led flows. In 2018, about $1,010 million was collected, with future performance elasticity. Clinical coo operations: rapid growth through domestic clinical research and development dividends and timely internationalization.
In the next five years, the cagr is expected to be 54%. In the country, the two leading drugs Smo, Ming Condé, Teg, are leading in terms of per capita output and volume, with the cities accounting for 28% and 20%, respectively. The normativeization of new drug research and development in the country is the main driving force behind the growth of company Smo operations.
In the short term, clinical trial services benefited from the domestic innovation drug research and development dividend, estimated at 49 per cent for the next three years based on an output of 1708 new people and 390,000 new people, which provides a room for improvement in the 390,000 yuan per capita output and 30 per cent Māori ratio compared to the leading Thai medicine.
The strategic layout of overseas M&As enhances the ability of clinical trials to internationalize services. cdmo operations: medium- and long-term growth sustains high growth, with certainty and stability.
In 2019-2021, it is expected that five to six projects will enter three phases per year, six to seven projects will be commercialized, with orders of close to $3 billion after three years; supply ends, with an extension of post-partum capacity of over 1 million litres from 2016, with a peak of fixed asset income per unit of the entire pharmaceutical industry.
Low reliance on single orders and clients guarantees certainty and stability in the long-term growth of operations. First coverage, a “strongly recommended” rating was given to companies.
1. Ming Condé: Integrated technology platform for outsourcing drug research and development, 1.1 from the point of view of drug discovery to the development of an international chemical technology platform for the provision of integrated research and development production services
Established in 2000, the Pharmacy Meng Condé, starting from the compound discovery business, has extended its operations to pre-cro, clinical cro, cdmo, etc., and has now become an international leading technology platform provider for integrated laboratory research and development and production services from drug discovery, development to market.
The company actually controls Mr. and Mrs. Li Ge Zhao Ning, Liu Xiaojong and Zhang Dynasty, and has an indirect shareholding of 31.04%, with a more concentrated shareholding.
The vast majority of board members have master ' s and above degrees, experienced and strong team of scientists managing to help businesses to operate in a stable and efficient manner. 1.3 A large number of subsidiaries are well run and achieve comprehensive layouts such as cro+cdmo+winds.
At present, companies cover cro, cmo, medical equipment, precision medicine, investment, etc., from regions and products.
Figure 4. Number and number of subsidiaries operating well, achieving comprehensive layouts such as the cro+cdmo+winds
1.4 The firm's performance has grown steadily and its product structure has been optimized Business performance analysis, with corporate operating income rising from $4.14 billion in 2014 to $9.614 billion in 2018. The annual compound growth rate is approximately $2.769 billion in the first quarter of the year, representing an increase of 29.31 per cent in the same year and $414 million in the net return to the mother, representing an increase of 35.94 per cent in the same year.
In 2014 - 2017, the company’s main business consisted of cro services, cmo/cdmo services, which included Chinese district laboratory services, United States district laboratory services, and other cro services. Starting in 2018, small molecules were added to the main business, and new pharmaceutical technology development and production operations. In 2018, laboratory services in China district accounted for 53.19 per cent of total income.
2. Corporate financial cost rates have risen overall, sales cost rates and management. 2. Outsourcing drug research and development production has had a competitive advantage in terms of customer resources and talent. 2.1 Global markets for outsourcing drug research and development production services have grown steadily, maintaining a high rate of domestic growth
Under pressure from increased R & D costs, patent cliffs, and restrictions on R & D personnel, global pharmaceutical firms are increasingly opting for outsourcing services in pharmaceutical R & D to improve corporate R & D efficiency and reduce R & D costs. The global market for outsourcing of production services has grown steadily, with global cdmo, bedlines, precro, drug discovery markets of $32 billion, $38.8 billion, $8.1 billion, $11.1 billion, respectively, in 2018.
Not to increase by 12.28 per cent, 9.30 per cent, 6.58 per cent, 8.82 per cent; domestic cdmo, clinical coro, pre-cro, market rules for drug discovery
Cro and cdmo are not simple production transfer and surrogates, leading companies have customer resource advantages, bargaining skills, talent advantages, etc., and are closely linked to innovative drug enterprise R & D production and are high-end outsourcing services.Stability, quality, confidentiality, gmp, regulatory censorship history, timeliness are drug companies, as shown by the research from tradepharma.
An important consideration in selecting a provider to outsource drug research and development production services. Replacements of cro/cdmo pose a greater risk to the efficiency and quality of production research and development, and high customer replacement costs, so that the client resources and trust of the leading cro/cdmo become its important core competitive advantage.
More than 150,000 people have risen to the current level of more than 560,000, and higher education has brought a large number of highly qualified workers to the cro and cdmo enterprises. The average annual salary of managers of medicine and technology research and development in the country is less than $100,000 per year, below the average annual salary of pharmacology and biological engineers in the United States of America of more than $100,000.
Figure 14. Increase in the number of highly qualified workers in the country
The full scope of the business now provides a fully integrated clinical R & D production outsourcing service. We believe that, compared to the other cro/cdmo departments in the country, Psychoconde has a long-term strategic high and growth space, and that core competitiveness is fully embedded in multiple dimensions such as “core customer resources” and “order bargaining power” and is a scarce leader in the outsourcing of drug R & D production services in the country.
Core customer resources: The company has over 3,000 clients, including Pfizer, Johnson, Novartis, Rhodes, Mercado, and the top 20 largest drug companies in the world, with the client resources leading the country. Compared to the overseas giants, the company’s drug discovery business and the cdmo business have received a large number of orders from overseas clients (the global market for drug discovery leads with a rapid increase in Cdmo’s overseas earnings).
The company’s bargaining power: in comparison with most of the country’s cro’s, the drug’s 494.1 million-dollar per capita output is ahead of industry averages and the Māori rate of the various operations is relatively high, and we believe that it reflects, on the one hand, the higher efficiency of the company’s operations and, on the other hand, the high level of efficiency of the company’s operations.
Reflecting that the quality of orders is of medium and high rank, with characteristics such as high unit prices and high bargaining power. For example, pre-cro one-stop research, high unit prices and high premiums for service orders are evident, and the profitability of the company is better enhanced (the Māori rate for compound synthesis operations rose from 35.15% in 2015 to 46.22% in 2017).
3. China District Laboratories: provision of compound discovery and drug analysis services. China District Laboratories cover mainly detection services and drug analysis and testing services for small molecular compounds, mainly through Shanghai Medicine and Suzhou Medicine.
There are a number of major holding companies, such as Ming, Tianjin, and Wuhan. The operational components of the small molecular compound discovery service cover a range of related operations such as synthetic chemistry, biology, and pharmaceutical chemistry; the operational components of the drug analysis and testing service cover a range of related operations such as drug metabolic dynamics and toxicology, biological analysis services, analytical chemistry and testing services.
3.1 Global drug discovery of stable market growth and strong international competitiveness of drug Ming Condts $ billion, with annual compound growth of about 9.51% and projected to maintain a 7-8% compound growth rate over the next three years. Compared to the highly competitive clinical coro field of international giants, drug discovery was initially developed outside the Blue Sea market, hospitals and regulations.
A small number of factors influence the internationalization of the segment, with a stronger offshoring profile, and the drug Mind Cond's choice of the track. There are currently over 4,000 chemical researchers, 1,000 biological scientists, 400 analytical scientists, and more than 132,000 compounds in 2018. In the field of drug discovery, the drug Min Condés is better equipped, more productive, more efficient, and more robust than the other coros in the country and abroad.
Based on the assumption that the drug Ming Kande and Kang Long will become domestic and foreign harvests (69% overseas in 2018 and 89% abroad in 2018 in Chinese District Laboratories), drug discovery orders are mainly overseas and are now fully engaged in internationalization competition. Currently, the domestic dragons Ming Kandeng and Kang Long will become more competitive in drug discovery, with the drug Ming Conde found to be operating from 2015 onwards.
3.2 Quality customer resource flow, with new production being assessed to provide 3-5 years of elasticity in drug analysis
A range of related operations, such as services. Drug analysis operations increased from 399 million yuan in 2014 to 1,010 million yuan (estimated value) in 2018, with an increase of 20.94 per cent in 2018. The current slowdown in drug analysis operations is mainly constrained by capacity growth, with future security evaluation centres offering new production capacity of $50.7 billion and $6 billion in 2019, respectively, with 15 per cent of new drug research and development based on drug evaluation.
The ratio of 50 per cent in drug evaluations, the RMB/United States dollar exchange rate of 6.88, the market size of the global security assessment area in 2019, the global champion of the global security assessment, Charles River (clr), is expected to receive more than $9 billion in 2018, and the city is expected to receive $1.976 billion and $322 million from 2014 (the size of the security assessment operation is estimated at 50 per cent from the drug analysis camp, and the scale of the security assessment of the new drug is estimated at 50 per cent)
80% estimated for pre-clinical research) in 2018, the world’s cities accounted for 2.11% and 1.33%, respectively. From the drug Mind (about 50% of overseas orders) and the Tsingu New drug (96.82% of domestic receipts in 2018), the security assessment business is now more benefiting from the dividends of domestic innovation, and leading companies such as the drug Minding Condt, which have core overseas customer resources, are gradually developing their international trade through customer-led flows.
Performance release is an important factor in determining the release of performance in the PAS. The correlation analysis is based on the state of production and pre-clinical collection of new medicines, with a coefficient of r2.91.
Figure 24. Performance is highly correlated with security assessment operations. Currently, the size of the drug centre is approximately 314,000 square feet (29.2 million square metres), with the expansion of the new animal rooms and laboratory units 87,000 m2, measured according to the three-year construction cycle, and is expected to be gradually operational by 2020-2021. Based on the current average output, it is estimated that 17.5 million yuan will be produced.
Our sensitivity analysis of the performance elasticity of the new production capacity of the drug Mind-Condération assessment assumes that the new production capacity will start in 2020, and 3.3 National Department of New Pharmacy Research and Development Services: enabling domestic innovation research and development and reaping the dividends of domestic innovation. The National Department of New Pharmacy Research and Development Services (ddsu) was formally established in 2014 to provide, inter alia, target site validation, drug design, pharmaceutical chemistry, pharmacoetics, etc.
Preclinical research and development services such as pharmacodynamics, toxicology, cmc, etc. ddsu fully integrates sub-platforms, adopts a one-stop model of cooperation in the development and development of new drugs with the aim of ind declarations, and is committed to enabling Chinese pharmaceutical companies to develop new drugs such as small molecules. ddsu’s operations cover diseases such as anticancer, anti-infection, immunization, metabolism, and old-age diseases.
Pharmacology research, research and development services, including drug design, drug chemistry, pharmacology, pharmacodynamics, adme, toxicology research, cmc, pre-clinical development, and all work prior to the clinical declaration of new medicines.
Larger orders for profit space have contributed significantly to the growth in sales and the Māori rate of Pharmacy Condex’s operations. The sales end has been growing at a remarkable rate since 2014: the compound increase in the Māncipe Condé Laboratory’s services from 2009 to 2014 was 12.03%, the growth in research and development, the company’s full access to the dividends of domestic innovation investment and development, and the increase in sales of laboratory services.
The Māori rate continues to rise, and profit margins are higher than those of peers: Māori for the synthetic compound of the drug Mindcond from 35.15 per cent in 2015 to 46.22 per cent in 2017, and is higher than the 38.04 per cent Māori rate for the laboratory chemical operation. We believe that in 2014, when ddsu began empowering domestic innovation, it gradually took on larger domestic orders for profit margins and continuously raised the profitability of company operations.
U.S. District Laboratory Services: Cdmo services focused on cellular and gene therapy products and medical equipment testing services.
The company is now providing research and development services for gmp cell therapy, using genetic engineering, mainly through highly integrated production bases in Central America and the United States.
By the end of 2018, the company had provided cdmo services for 30 clinical phase cell and gene therapy projects. In addition, the company had a high-quality, standard medical equipment testing production service platform.
Glp’s research and development production base provides clients with services such as selection and evaluation of medical appliances, product utility and material properties, material characteristics, risk assessment, biological compatibility, toxicological, decontamination/explosive validation, packaging integrity certification, raw material certification, and batch-issuance testing.
5. Clinical co-services: Rapid growth through domestic drug research and development dividends, active promotion of the internationalization of 5.1 national clinical co-sectors with a rapid growth rate and a low-prevalence lead city with long-term growth space
In the short term, the Clinical Cro has benefited mainly from the dividends of domestic innovations. According to data from frast&solvan, the size of the country ' s Clinical Cro market has grown from $700 million in 2012 to $3.1 billion in 2018, a recovery of $3.1 billion in 2018.
The overall rate of increase is about 28.15%. The current pattern is fragmented, Thai medicine, medicaments, new peaks, new leadership, and Bozi medicine, respectively, with competition patterns in the domestic clinical market. Figure 31. Rapid growth in the domestic clinical market.
▪ The size of the domestic clinical market (US$ billion) and the increase in the same number of co-opts. Other co-services include mainly clinical co-operations such as smo, clinical trial technical services. In 2018, the other co-services were collected at US$ 585 million, estimated at 50 per cent of the Smo, Smo, Smo,
Clinical testing techniques yield $293 million each, reaching the size of $852 million a year. According to the market size of $150 million in 2018, the operations of the drug Ming Condé and the drug smo were divided, given the company ' s relatively high presence in the city of Smo, we believe that the country ' s demand for new medicines is rising rapidly (not expected).
Over the past five years, industry has grown at a rate of 54.35%, the main driving force behind the rapid growth of Pharmacy Condesmo’s operations, the rapid growth of the domestic market for smo services, and the competitive pattern of the domestic market for smo services.
The size of the domestic market for smo services (millions of United States dollars)
The statistical analysis of the number of employees and the income-related factors r2 were 0.99, 0.89, 0.87 and 0.91, respectively, and we believe that: the size of the clinical cro collection is directly related to the size of the staff, tracking and analysing the expansion of the clinical cro operations, helping to judge the short-term growth of the operations, and that the current Smo team of the drug Myung Condé has 1,800 clinical coordinators, serving 760 hospitals in 110 cities throughout the country and is expected to produce per capita.
16.24 million yuan per person. According to the expansion plan of the letter of invitation, an increase of 2,248 personnel is projected for 2019-2021, with 33 additional offices, clinical trial technical service operations, with a team of more than 750 cds currently covering more than 60 cities around the world, with an expected per capita output of 38.98 5.3 from output efficiency and profitability to future upgrading space
In view of the deviations in the estimates of the volume of the drug ' ssmo operation, we expect: the smo operation ' s product efficiency is closer to that of the drug, slightly ahead of Price, the product efficiency of the drug ' ssmo; the clinical trial technical service operation; the range of output per capita and profit space compared to that of the drug; and the operation ' s scope for upgrading.
In terms of per capita output, it is estimated that in 2018 the Pharmacy Mind will receive close to $300 million, estimated at approximately $3,893,000 per person per person for clinical trial services, estimated at 750. In 2018, approximately $1,103 million per person was collected from the Tagger Clinical Trials Technical Service, estimated at 1920 troops (39898 persons in Tiger Medicine, including approximately 1,400 in Hangzhou, 578 in Fonda Holdings, clinical trials and several personnel, etc.
For Māori, the Māori rate is 30% and 39% for Pharmacy Clinical Trial Service operations. For the efficiency and profitability of clinical trial services, and given that Phámin Condé is globally rich in client resources, we believe that, as corporate business evolves and customers lead, the efficiency and profitability of output can be predicted.
Figure 39. Comparison of the per capita output of the clinical trial technical services operations Figure 40. Comparison of the Māori level of the clinical trial technical services operations — per capita output of the clinical trial services in 2018 (thousands of yuan)
The Ming Condé, Teg, 5.4 M&A to multi-centric multi-clinical laboratory services overseas, actively promoting internationalization.
In July 2018, the company acquired a clinical trial company based in Texas, United States, wuxiclinicaldevelopment, inc. (CondeHon Wing), extending the clinical trial service to the United States to enhance the ability of the US-American clinical trial service to produce innovative drugs for domestic and foreign clients. In May 2019, the company acquired a clinical trial service located in the US.
The clinical research service in Santiago, the United States, pharmapace, provides high-quality statistical analysis services for clinical trials at all stages, registration declarations, and post-market support. At present, the Condex Wing will have over 850 service teams in Central America to drive and integrate regional and global clinical research processes.
As the company ' s main competitor in clinical coro, Teg Medicine has 13 overseas subsidiaries with international multicentres and overseas clinical services in 11 countries around the world. Teg Medicine acquired Fonda Pharmaceuticals Ltd. in 2014; Litega Indian Data Management Ltd. in India in February 2016; Teg Swiss subsidiary was established in 2017 to expand European operations; and Romanian Opra was acquired in March 2018.
Outlier M&As, M.D.’s Focused Deployment in the US, with operations covering clinical trials by acquiring local companies for deployment; and Teg medicines in the United States and Europe, with network layout and business expansion through the formation of subsidiaries, and the acquisition of European home companies. Overall, Teg’s Medicine and Pharmacy Condt are ahead of other national cro firms, leading the way in internationalization.
6. cdmo services: maintenance of high growth in the short and medium term, long-term growth, and cdmo services in the pharmaceutical industry, which is the largest in the country, mainly through its holdings. The pharmaceutical industry has the largest and most research and development technology in the country.
One of the R & D teams, which can provide customers with new drug intermediates, raw materials and preparations from preclinical process development to commercial production integration, the entire drug industry is divided mainly into cdmo, precdmo, pds operations III, with a ratio of 46.71%, 42.94% and 10.35% respectively in 2018.
Figure 45. Māori ratio for all operations in the drug industry
The average unit price of pre-clinic and post-clinic (including commercial) orders in 2018 was $18,241,000 and $22,568.89 million, respectively, and the amount of post-clinical (including commercial) orders was large, providing companies with greater performance elasticity and driving the rapid growth of cdmo operations. Commercialized orders were significantly higher than commercial orders, and we believe that, with the commercialization of high-quality varieties, the rapid release of sales would yield greater returns to the company and contribute to the increase.
Figure 46. Number of orders for the entire drug industry for the years, we have detailed orders for the core clients of the whole drug industry, such as billion kko, Gonovey, Ioute and Erezo, estimated on the assumption that the Māori rate is 90%, the cost of the raw materials is 50%, and the priority supply is 70%. The total value of the orders for the raw materials is nearly $3 billion.
The number of projects in the company ' s clinical phase I and pre-clinic phase II and clinical phases III was 528, 109, 40, respectively, based on current project stock, estimated at 9.6 per cent, 15.2 per cent, 49.6 per cent, estimated by the overall success probability of drug research and development in the United States of America ' s clinical phase I, phase II and phase III, and projected figure 49.
The total capacity of the pharmaceutical industry rose from 400,000 litres in 2014 to 1 million litres in 2018, from unit fixed-asset income to tracking the supply of production capacity, to an increase in the post-natal rate from 3.89 in 2015 to 1.63 in 2018, which is currently relatively adequate.
Level-I market risk investments for continued investment in research and development in the medical industry and innovative medicines are expected to ensure a steady flow of demand for orders and growth in the performance of cdmo: from analysis of the domestic financing of the health-care industry, the scale of financing increased from $1,522 million in 2013 to 2018 Figure 51. Size of financing for the health-care industry in China (millions of United States dollars)
The clinical and commercial stages of the project are evenly divided, and companies are less dependent on single commercial orders: pre-cdmo in 2018, cdmo in post-clinic (including commercialization), cds, 42.94 per cent and 10.35 per cent respectively. The total drug industry is less dependent on single large pharmaceutical clients: 42.77 per cent of the top five clients in 2018, compared with 42.77 per cent in 2018.
All right. And the ratio of domestic revenues rose from 3.13% in 2014 to 14.83% in 2018, indicating that domestic innovation drug companies have been important consumers for the entire pharmaceutical industry in recent years and will continue to have a much larger outreach space in the future.
Figure 54. Increases in the number of major domestic clients and the percentage of recipients of the top five clients of the entire pharmaceutical industry from year to year.
The ratio of revenue to the top five clients of Botten shares, according to the structure of the top five clients who joined the entire pharmaceutical industry in 2018, provides a sensitivity analysis of the impact of performance fluctuations resulting from the decline in their orders, with a billion yuan impact on the harvest end of less than 5 per cent.
The investment returns of Quality Cro come to a large extent from the equity investment in potential biopharmaceutical companies when they take over the project, with a high degree of relevance to the main R & D outsourcing service business. We believe that, as the outsourcing of services grows, it is likely that Phming Condé will continue to invest in high-quality projects and realize the value of equity on a continuous basis, and that the return on investment will be innovative and sustainable in the long term.
The high correlation between equity investments and the claricultural industry, the “scale of collections” and the “saleable financial assets” coefficients r2 and 0.99, respectively, are fully validated by the equity investment dimension, by tracking the size of receipts from companies such as past drug Minds and Tiger Medicines, and by the trend of available-for-sale financial assets (which, under the new guidelines, have become financial assets measured at fair value and whose changes have been factored into other combined gains).
Figure 56. Higher relevance of Pharmacy Conduit equity investment to cro operations Figure 57. High relevance of Teg pharmaceutical equity investment to cro operations Realization of equity value, taking into account more mature investment and delivery experience in tag medicine, and as investment projects reach a certain scale, cro will hold
The value of available financial assets (which have become fair value-measured and whose changes have been factored into other combined proceeds) of drug Mind-Kander has been raised from $208 million in 2014 to approximately $211 million for the holding or disposal of financial assets for sale, and as the value of the investments continues to materialize, the company will have a long-term return on its investments.
According to the previous analysis of the business plates, we projected the growth of the crop over the next three years, with the split and forecast of the end of the drug through 2019-2021.
8.2 Horizontal comparison valuation: since its listing, the average pe, pe, pe, pe, pe, is 60.76 times the average, 35.15 times the maximum, and 112.83 times the average for the current (2019/12/26) drug, 67.51 times the dynamic pe and the current valuation is at the historical average.
8.3 Longitudinal comparison valuation: there is room for upgrading of the Pharmacy Condé valuation compared to the same company; the drug Mind Condé integration platform is deepening; preclinical cro operations are the highest in the country; the drug Mind Condé valuation compared to the same company; there is an excellent background in pharmaceutical chemistry and experience in operating the pharmaceutical market.
Joon-soo Feng: Master of Finance at Syracuseuniversity, USA, with an excellent overseas research capacity and research system focusing on pharmaceutical preparations, medicine commerce, medical services, etc., joined the Open-Sense Hesitancy in 2017.