Consistent with the forecast, h2 performance is expected to accelerate - the net profit of the mother was reported in Shandong gold (600547), at $1,153 million, an increase of 98.22 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the non-returned mother was deducted at $1,152 million, an increase of 73.42 per cent in the same year.
Performance: close to the forecast ceiling, the value of gold up the same line brings a significant increase in performance \triangleright q2 net profit of 589 million yuan, an increase of 162 per cent over the same period, and the contribution of performance is mainly due to the higher value of gold.
Expiration: Overseas acquisitions are on the ground and production growth is expected to continue \triangleright’s successive acquisitions of Canadian tmac and offer-held West African cardinal in the first half of 2020.
Mountain, although full maintenance costs are high (US$ 1075 per ounce), the current gold price is still very profitable, and the acquisition will be completed and will increase the company’s production directly (currently about 4 tons of gold per year, starting in 2023), which is currently in the process of approval. Cardinal, or by 2023 (about 9 tons per year of gold), has now been acquired outside Australia.
The National Review Committee approved and is approving an exemption from Canada’s CSR. The company’s follow-up production growth is expected to be smooth. Gold: Keeping the ups and downs, Powell’s speech emphasized the 2% average inflation target, low interest rates and the expected improvement in inflation are expected to continue, with the gold on top of it.
The logic remains the same: the US dollar continues to be weak (the US economy’s comparative advantage has weakened, the dollar has exceeded) + interest rates have been sustained for long, low + inflation expectations (global liquidity has continued, and commodities as a whole have risen) continue to support gold prices. The global currency printing model has opened, banknote credit has been tested, and precious metals have been judged for long periods.
To 27 times, pb fell to three times, maintaining a “recommended” rating below 50 per cent of the historical valuation.
The acquisition process has not progressed as expected: gold prices have not risen as much as expected. 2. Shandong gold: an offer to acquire cardinal, a resource base in West Africa.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.