High gold prices bring growth in performance, looking forward to year-round performance - Shandong gold (600547) announces performance: high gold prices bring up performance.
\triangleright Expiration: Overseas acquisitions are gradually landing and production growth is expected to continue \triangleright
In the first half of 2020, the company successively acquired Canadian tmac and offer-held West African cardinal, tmac as active mines and, despite the high maintenance cost (US$ 1075 per ounce), currently worth US$ 1,800 per ounce of gold, it still has a good profitability and will contribute directly to the company ' s production (currently about 4 tons of gold per year, with production starting in the second quarter of 2023).
The growth in corporate production is expected to coincide with the arrival of cardinal production or by 2023 (nearly 9 tons of gold per year).
In June, the non-farm ring exceeded expectations, but the statistics were in the early part of June, failing to reflect the second-onset effect of the epidemic, and the United States economy was irreversible, but not optimistic. The global liquidity crisis model was lifted, central bank currency swaps were significantly reduced, and the dollar index weakness was expected to continue.
Interest rates will remain low for a long time. Economic recovery will take time, monetary policy instruments and fiscal stuns will continue, not excluding the Fed’s implementation of a yield curve control policy.
Global easing continues, banknote credit is tested, and precious metal allocation values are valued. 1. Shandong gold: offer to buy cardinal, resource distribution in West Africa.
2. Shandong Gold (600547): The proposed acquisition of Canadian special sales is less than expected and the price of gold rises less than expected.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.