The company achieved business income of $33.051 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 3.5 per cent in the same year;
The company is a leading gold company in the country that collects, selects, smelts, produces investment bars and silver ingots of various specifications. The size of the mineral gold has remained stable, and the share of the domestic market has recently risen: the company produced 20 million tons of mineral gold in the first half of the year.
The company produces 19.3% (3.86 tonnes compared to 12%) of the output. The difference in output is mainly the same as in the country.
(a) A number of well-known large and medium-sized mines, such as flat-scale gold deposits, which are related to the fragmentation of the rate of offshore mining operations, ranging from +9.3 per cent to 827.36 million tons in-country, or 91.74 per cent in-country;
The sale of Beira del Roh 1 was disturbed by the epidemic, resulting in an increase in the grade of the selected product; under the new crown, Argentina ' s national 1,000 ounces (approximately 3.86 tons) fell by more than -12 per cent in the same year, of which q2 gold (35 per cent) was about 1.52 tons. h1 was prevented from selling gold, with full maintenance costs and cash costs rising by 22 per cent and 9 per cent on the same basis.
0.86 g/t, 15% higher than 19h1, of which q2 was selected at 0.93g/t, the highest level in six quarters. As the outbreak subsides, it is expected that the sale of the bell minerals will return to normal.
Tons, with an average grade of 6.5 g/t, ore disposal capacity of 1600-1,700 tons/day, approximately 4 tons per year; 100% holding shares in cardinal). The company's global layout, which is entering the gold mining company's first echelon, has grown significantly.
The revenues were $6,903 million, or +22.3 per cent; Māori 3,355 million, or +30.4 per cent, and Māori 48.6 per cent, bringing the company ' s net profit in 2020 to $2.5 billion: considering the company ' s annual production plan and the increase in the rate of gold prices to start work, we believe that the company ' s annual gold production is around 43 tons, or 23 tons in the second half of the year.
In view of the improvement in corporate Maori rates and net interest rates, net corporate gains in 2020 or around 2.5 billion dollars, profit projections and ratings for the gold estate: in the broader context of global liquidity easing, gold prices are projected to be consistent with and trend in central bank purchases and physical holdings, taking into account the persistence of risk avoidance premiums, liquidity premiums and exchange rate premiums, and the consistency and trend of central bank purchases with warehousetf.
Keeps high, short-term fluctuations do not change the long-term upward pattern, and the renminbi is worth 400 yuan per kilogram of gold.
Figure 7: Beiradro gold production and grade selection (2019q1-2020q2) Figure 8: Beiradro mine production costs (2019q1-2020q2)
Shandong Gold (600547): Overseas M&As, Golden Dragons are still growing.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. In 2016, he invests in the business of Sky-Eyed Real Estate.
Researching in the non-ferrous metals industry.
10 years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment, and team management, served as Chief Manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Board and Head of the Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group: served as Investment Manager of the Invincing Young Fong Donghing Asset Management Programme.
Silver and Copper in Multimedia: Three prizes from the Dalian Commodity Futures Exchange for the marketing of soybean futures, and Sino-Kin shares for the marketing of soybeans. Author of contracts for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Paper, Futures Weather. 2018. Analyst's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, or will not be, specifically recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Tandong Gold (600547). Foreign M&As, gold taps are still growing, and there is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.