The advantage of the end of the liability was evident, the fees continued to pick up, the profits of the business banks increased steadily, the net profits and the returns increased at a steady rate. In the previous three quarters, the fees and fees income increased further in comparison to the rate, with net interest income and net interest differentials stable overall.
At the end of the quarter, the credit scale increased slightly, and deposits at the end of the quarter remained at a faster pace. The aggregate bill revenue on the quality of the Bank’s assets increased at a higher rate, with a flat net spread.
Increases of 0.7 percentage points in the first half of the year. Increases in the growth rate are mainly due to continued percentage points in fees and fees. Business and industry banks have a 2.30 per cent net interest gap in the first three quarters, which is equal to the second quarter round. We measure an increase of 2 bp in the end of the third quarter, with asset end-of-end earnings.
The rate increase (+10bp,qoq) is greater than the cost of the end of the liability (+7bp,qoq). The size is growing faster and the end-of-the-end advantage of the liability is prominent. By the end of the third quarter, the total assets of the business banks increased by 9.44% compared to the previous quarter, and the ring increased by 3.3%, with the credit going to the stability of the previous two quarters.
By the end of the third quarter, the quality of assets had been stable overall and the negative generation ring had improved. At the end of the third quarter, the industry bank had an adverse rate of 1.53 per cent.
The ring ratio is down by 1 bp, and we measure the annual negative rate of production of the three-quarter write-off, which is about 0.84 per cent, the ring ratio is down by 24 bp, and the firm is less well-defined, with asset quality deterioration exceeding expectations and financial supervision exceeding expectations by the end of the two-quarters.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.
The Bank of Commerce and Industry publishes three-quarter reports in 2018, with net profits in the first three quarters of 2018 equal to 5.10%. Total assets 28.20 trillion yuan (+94%, yoy/+3.28%, qoq). Of this amount, loans + 7.93% yoy/+2.23% qq; deposits + 10.23% yoy/+2.35% qq. Operating income + 7.71%.
Business banks increased their net profits by 5.10% in the first three quarters of the year and by 20bp in the first half of the year. The increase in the first three quarters of the year was 7.71% and 0.7 percentage points higher than in the first half of the year. The increase in the rate of growth was mainly due to a sustained improvement in fees revenue, which increased by 5.66% in the first three quarters of the industry, a further 2.28 percentage points higher than in the first half of the year.
A small decline of 0.3 percentage points per year. Business and industry banks have had a 2.30% net interest gap in the first three quarters, which is equal to the second quarter. According to our measurement of the company ' s end-of-quarter net interest margin ratio, the increase in asset end-of-end rate of return (+10bp,qoq) is greater than the increase in end-of-debt cost (+7bp,qoq). Looking ahead, deposit competition remains strong, debt end-of-cost pressure remains high, and asset end-of-service credit levels continue to rise.
By the end of the third quarter, the total assets of business and industry banks had increased by 9.44 per cent and the ring by 3.3 per cent, with credit in the last two quarters continuing the steady trend (with loans increasing at a rate of 7 per cent in the previous two quarters), with a slight increase in the three quarters by 2.23 per cent and an 8 per cent increase in the same period and a half increase in the same period.
At the end of the year, there was a small increase of 1 percentage point; at the end of the year, at the end of the year, the industry continued to have a competitive advantage in the absorption of deposits, and at the back of the fiercely competitive deposits, deposits continued to grow more rapidly and at a further rate, increasing by 2.35 per cent by the end of the third quarter, 10.23 per cent by the same year, 1.53 per cent by the end of the third quarter of the year, a decline of 1 bp by the same year.
At the end of the three-quarters, the industry was provided with 172.45 per cent coverage, the ring was reduced, the profits of the business banks were growing steadily, and net profits and revenues were rising at a similar rate. In the first three quarters, fees were rising at a similar rate.
Step-by-step increases, net interest income and net interest differentials are generally stable. Credit sizes increased slightly at the end of the third quarter of the asset end, and end-of-debt deposit security grew faster. Bank assets were generally stable, with a steady decline in bad rates and an improved negative generation ring. We expect business banks 2018/191, with economic downsides, to cause a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy, as well as the profitability of the economy, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy is expected to do better, there is a risk that the asset quality of the banking sector will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is overstretched. Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, with full coverage of banking regulation, both internal and external, slower growth in industry and faster “deleveraging” processes. Meanwhile, the merger of the Bank and the Insurance Council will enhance regulatory uniformity and coordination and enhance regulatory effectiveness, with various regulatory rules and regulations expected to accelerate down.
Limitations have affected the growth of net profits.3 The Chinese-American trade war has further escalated. The volatility of the US-China trade war has further increased investors’ prospects for the domestic economy.