A Chinese aircraft, a Chinese aircraft, an annual review of a Chinese aircraft (000768), venture guesses: or predicts that a number of models are approaching a breakout period with a number of new models.
1. Sales costs have increased on a year-to-year basis, and “sales services” are either abnormal or related to a model: in 2017, the cost of selling mid-air aircraft increased by $512 million on a year-on-year basis by 59.24 per cent, or $190 million in absolute terms. The company ' s annual report revealed that the main reason for the increase in current sales was the increase in the cost of product technical services.
Only one machine was delivered this year, and this anomaly may be associated with an increase in some type of delivery.2 Research and development investment accounts for an all-time high, or portends a number of models of research and development breakthroughs: the financial reports show that Eastern wealth boomed in mid-2017.
In 2017, 2.62% of R & D investment was higher than ever before, but the volume of civilian delivery fell significantly. Then it is likely that the breakthrough in research and development will soon be nearer.
This law has been changed to the equity law and will not be included in the consolidated statements as of 2018. According to the 2016 report, the listed company plans to collect or reach $31.8 billion in 18 years, assuming that they will still be included in the consolidated statements.
In historical experience, the company's annual collection plan is over 100 per cent complete, and the completion rate is on the rise.
China’s fleet of aircraft covers the entire fleet of aircraft and air spares currently used by Chinese military and military personnel. The positive changes that have occurred in the monitoring of China’s aircraft financial statements also provide a broad picture of the marginal changes in the entire air market for civil and military goods. (1) Military fleet: the company is the sole manufacturer of military transport and bombers for the Chinese Air Force and is the Chinese Air Force’s strategic transformational air force.
The most important equipment support points. (2) Civil aircraft: The company is a manufacturer of civil vortex feeder aircraft (including 60, 600 etc.). (3) Aircraft spare parts: first, the company is an important supplier of landing gear systems, brake brake systems. Second, the company is also a supplier of c919,
Arj21, ag600, as well as important suppliers of foreign civilian aircraft (the Chinese aircraft were responsible for the manufacture of more than 85 per cent of the spare parts of the six main work packages and the arj21 passenger aircraft of the C919 main line aircraft, which were the companies that benefited most from the project from the listed companies). Third, in the case of international turn-overs, the company’s operations covered Boeing 737 and Airfarers A320 (including Boeing 737-700 tails, English cosmonauts, etc.)
a320 wings, British Space Wing Box, French Air atr-42 Wing Box, atr72 Zero Component, etc.).
1. The overall growth rate was slightly faster than the increase in net profits: the annual report shows that the increase was faster than the increase in net profits (19.98 per cent > net profit > 14.10 per cent), although the difference in the rate of increase relative to the previous three quarters (26.93 per cent > net profit > net profit > > net profit > 2.4 quarter net profit increases faster than the increase: 11,583 million yuan in the fourth quarter > net profit > 344 million won in the first three quarters.
Increases of 7.63 per cent and 16.72 per cent over the same period, compared with 24.02 per cent in single quarter and 24.02 per cent in net profit return in the fourth quarter of 2016, respectively, for aviation products: aviation products represent the largest share of the corporate income structure and have remained above 90 per cent in recent years, and figure 8: Increases in revenue from air operations and changes in the Maori rate
Figure 7: The growth in net profits of the company during the four-quarter quarter seasons is marked by a marked increase in net profits.
The most important equipment support point for the National Air Force’s transformation strategy. The company’s y-8 medium-sized transport aircraft, which is currently the backbone of China’s air force, has a robust growth in demand.
Eight new transport aircraft, valued at $250 million. We believe that the demand for the next 20-20 will be hundreds of, and the size of the future domestic market will be more than $400 billion. 2. Long-range bombers are expected to be another important point in the company’s future, according to the current distribution of Chinese air force equipment.
The company will be one of the most competitive potential producers of the future Chinese long-range bombers. Strategic bombers are an important part of the construction of the “Triple One” nuclear force, and one of the key indicators of the strategic air force, which is now equipped with locally produced strategic bombers, mainly represented by maps of the United States military (b-2) and the Russian army (160).
The company produced a total of 21 b-2 strategic stealth bombers for the United States military at a single cost of $2.4 billion, totalling more than $50 billion, which will further boost the company’s capital market position once long-range bomber producer status is established.
3.c919 Once released, the company's profitability will also be improved: the large aircraft project is based on the “master manufacturer plus supplier” model, with Chinese merchants taking responsibility for the overall design, assembly, marketing and after-sales services for the main manufacturer and for the production and manufacture of raw materials, spare parts and structural elements for the global tender supplier. The Chinese aircraft are responsible for six major work packages for the C919 trunking passenger aircraft and over 85 per cent for the arj21 passenger aircraft.
Manufacturing, one of the companies that has benefited most from the project, has now accumulated more than 785 orders for c919, which have exceeded the profit/loss point, and the company will benefit fully in the future from large aircraft deployments. Machine manufacturers will benefit from the delivery of 20-volume shipments, the explosion of orders for large aircraft, and the future delivery of long-range strategic bombers, maintaining a “very recommended” rating.
\triangleright Air Force equipment is not as fast as expected; asset injections are less advanced than expected; and the public goods market is less developed than expected.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Zhang Cheuk Qi's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.