On March 13, the Chinese aircraft published the 2017 annual report, which generated revenue of $31.1 billion for the main business in 2017, an increase of 18.98 per cent over the previous year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $471 million, an increase of 14.1 per cent over the previous year.
Research assistant: Liu Ji, with a target of $27 billion, returns to mother ' s net profit of $471 million, an increase of 14.1 per cent over the same period, excluding non-mother ' s net profit.
In terms of sub-operations: Aerial products earned $30,375 million a year, compared to $25.3 billion in 2016, bringing in 20 dollars, and the bombing is expected to start this year, with the Chinese aircraft benefiting from its long-term role as the main manufacturer.
It was also one of the suppliers of international civil aviation transport aircraft and civil vortex feeder aircraft and was an important supplier of aircraft landing gear systems, brake brake systems, as well as of c919, arj21, ag600 and foreign civilian flights.
The shipment of a new generation of strategic military large transport aircraft, developed and developed autonomously by China, solves the difficulties that have plagued our military forces for so long, and provides an updated platform for refuelling aircraft and air alerts, which are based on large transport aircraft. The launch of shipment 20 was successful on January 26, 2013 and has been officially installed since 2016.
As of now, the Chinese Air Force is expected to load approximately 10 more than 20 of the first four, with a gradual peak in the volume loading of the 20-cargo scheduled to be carried, with the Chinese aircraft fully benefiting as the main manufacturer from the 20-carriage loading.
In September 2016, the Air Force Commander first revealed that a new generation of Chinese long-range stealth bombers were under development and that, according to the usual nodes of new military aircraft information, it was expected that China would be the third country to have an autonomous long-range stealth bomber, with an offensive war.
The 20th flight is expected to provide a thematic investment opportunity for the Chinese aircraft.  profit forecast and investment rating
Chinese Airplane pb-band Institute sales team.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic is based on the author's professional understanding, that the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed by any third party or