The company announced on 7 August 2021 that it would invest $2.51 billion in the construction of the tfm copper-cobalt mining project and plan to build three production lines of 3.5 million tonnes/year.
Mine production lines, 3.3 million tonnes/year and 5.6 million tonnes/year of mixed mine production lines are planned to be completed by 2023, with an estimated average annual production of some 200,000 tonnes of new copper expected to occur in the immediate postnatal period and an average annual production of some 17,000 tonnes of new cobalt.
● tfm investment to release copper and cobalt production capacity, with a total of 12.4 million additional tons of ore disposal tfm copper and cobalt mines with six mining rights, the largest reserves and the highest grade of copper globally, and company prices compared to the trend of 300 depths
One of the cobalt-rich minerals, which has great potential for resource development, and where the company has an indirect interest in 80 per cent of the tfm copper or cobalt mine, by the end of 2020 tfm had 24.17 million tons of copper, 2.47 million tons of cobalt, 2.9 per cent of copper or 0.29 per cent of cobalt, and 1,826,000 tons of copper or cobalt production in 2020.
The objective of this investment project is to further develop the tfm wealth of resources, to tap the potential for endogenous growth, to transform the resource advantage into an output advantage, with a total planned investment of $2.51 billion, from self-financing by enterprises and bank loans; and to plan for the construction of three production lines of 3.5 million tonnes/year, respectively.
The production lines for mixed mines, 3.3 million tonnes/year and 5.6 million tonnes/year are planned to be completed by 2023, bringing the total amount of ore disposed of to 12.4 million tonnes/year after delivery, and the average annual production of new copper and cobalt is approximately 200,000 tonnes/year and 17,000 tonnes/year respectively.
● Mixed mineral development to achieve full value for resources, more value for money in the context of high copper prices. Copper cobalt ore transition from mercurous oxide ore to mixed ore and primary sulphide ore. The company's project of investing in the site is to expand production for mixed ore and further develop as the development of tfm copper ore resources progresses
Combining mines, fully excavating their own mines, and realizing the value of their resources are inevitable options. This expansion project is expected to last no more than two and a half years, build faster than market expectations, present copper and cobalt prices go up, and using its own resources to expand its copper and cobalt production capacity is more cost-effective than outside sources.
• Significant development of the copper-cobalt-focused energy metal track, with a scale-down effect on efficiency gains. According to the company's 2021 business plan, tfm copper production is expected to be 18,73-22.89 million tons and cobalt 1.65-2.01 million tons. With the completion of this mixed mining project, tfm is expected to reach its annual copper production.
With a capacity of 400,000 tons of annual cobalt production capacity, and a further expansion of the forward kisanfu project after delivery of copper and cobalt production capacity, the company will benefit from the mitigation efficiency resulting from the scalding effect. Prior to the arrival of this investment, the company had made frequent progress in the copper and cobalt mining sector: 1) tfm10k
1. Project promotion to promote future energy release, company tons; (tfm) new 20,000 tons of sulfide per day disposal is expected to be operational in 2023; (c) 2. Acquisition of super-large copper and cobalt deposits, with increased external expansion
The kisanfu copper cobalt mine is in the development stage, the project is expected to be completed by the end of 2021 and a phase of construction will begin in 2022, and the company will transfer some of its rights in the kisanfu copper cobalt mine to the Ningde era.
The strength and efficiency of operations in the copper-cobalt mining sector have demonstrated the confidence of the public in focusing on the energy metal track. The company invested in the tfm hybrid mining expansion project to fully tap resource endowments and transform them into productive advantages.
And its two-wheel-drive model of “internal demand growth + external expansion” promotes business-scale growth. Corporate mining projects do not produce as much as expected; metal price volatility; the political and economic environment uncertainty of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo; interest rates; and exchange rate fluctuations.
Figure 1 Comparison of the resources of the main copper and cobalt mines
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.