Of the 25h1 net maternal gain of yoy+2.14 to 15.7 billion, the q2 company achieved a net maternal gain of 3,495 million yuan, an increase of 38.33 per cent over the same period.
The increase of $547 million is mainly due to the absorption of the new leasing operations of the consolidated sea-tons and credit impairment losses based on the consolidated accounting standards of enterprises not under the same control. 25h1 net revenue from brokering/investment/investment/investment/interest investment increases are equal to the rate of increase, respectively.
Brokering: 25h1 companies achieved net revenue from brokering of $5.7 billion, an increase of 86 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase in stock-based transactions on the same basis, and the incorporation of consolidated sea-to-air securities, which led to an increase in the volume of agency sales of securities. The average market share-to-equity turnover in the first half of the year increased by 64 per cent on the same basis.
" Mergers and acquisitions give rise to high performance elasticity, with the market turning 25q1 into active and productive investment: 25h1 companies achieved net operating income of $1.4 billion, an increase of 19 per cent from the same year. "
3. " Taijun-Ann Company Review: A strong asset business, q3 net profit of 11.09 per cent, ranked second in the industry. " Capital management: 25h1 achieved net operating income of $2.6 billion, an increase of 34 per cent over the same period.
Asset management and fund management have grown in size, mainly as a result of the absorption of consolidated seaborne securities. End 25h1 corporate asset management was 705.2 billion yuan, or 1 per cent more than at the end of the previous year; rich country foundations managed more than 1.79 trillion yuan in size; and HWF managed 822.5 billion assets.
A dollar, 7 per cent more than at the end of the previous year; the size of the assets managed by the HWF is 49.7 billion yuan, or 10 per cent more than at the end of the previous year; credit operations: net interest income from 25h1 companies is $3.2 billion, or 205 per cent more than the previous year.
Investment interest income increases in the case of new leasing operations to absorb consolidated seaborne securities, and financing bonds and other claims. The average market balance of the entire market in the first half of the year was 1.85 trillion yuan a day, and investment operations: 25h1 realized net investment income (investment returns - against alliances and joint ventures).
Investment returns from industry + fair value change earnings) were $9.4 billion, an increase of 86 per cent over the same year, mainly due to increased returns on investment in transactional financial instruments, the absorption of the combined seaborne securities, and a 52 per cent increase in the size of the financing product compared with the beginning of the year.
The merger of post-Taihaiton’s competition in wealth management, investment, capital management, and institutions will lead to a significant increase in firms’ ability to speed up the creation of international first-class investment banks. Our capital-market reforms have not been as expected; and equity markets have not been repaired as expected.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.