It's a historic opportunity, and the company's performance is sustainable — it's an in-depth report (600027.sh) It's a historical opportunity, and the company's performance is sustainable.
On November 14, 2018, HCI (600027.sh) > The Fire and Power Industry is already at the bottom of the cycle, and as coal prices stabilize, HCI’s profit rebounds.
In 2017, as a result of high coal prices, the coal industry as a whole lost profits to the cyclical bottom. In 2018, companies managed to control fuel costs by controlling costs in a number of ways. As the cost was contained, companies made a profit of repairing the company’s electricity production volume, settlement prices and higher prices.
HCI’s relative depth of 300 indexes shows that the net profits of the first three quarters of a company’s shareholders in its parent company were about RMB 1,526 billion. To benefit from the growth in demand and supply, we expect a steady growth in corporate power generation and a steady increase in performance in 2018.
Companies, as industry leaders, are at the forefront of the industry in terms of the size of the aircraft and the amount of power generated. The company’s installed structure, fleet utilization, and coal consumption are also better than the industry’s average water consumption.
The annual valuation was at a relatively low position, with the first coverage given to the company as an “additional” rating.
China Power International, Inc. (known as “HUNI”), one of China's largest integrated energy companies, operates power plants, including large-scale and efficient gas-fired generators and renewable energy projects. As of 30 June 2018, the company had transferred 57 holding power plants.
The company’s industrial chain was relatively well structured, with 2.2 billion tons of coal resources at the end of 2017. HCI was founded in 1994, listed in the gonorrhoes in 1999 and in 2005a. The company’s shareholders are the China Electric Group, which generates electricity for the country’s five largest producers.
At the beginning of the market, the company was the largest independent public department of power generation in Shandong Province, and has since entered China, China, and South China, through new constructions, acquisitions, etc., to join the national power generation company. The State Council’s National Assets Supervisory Board
Shandong International Trust, H.C.I., Hangzhou Half Hills.
The power company, the glucose brain, the solar power of Chandler.
The Choju power plant, Li Quan power generation, this river company.
Guangan Corporation, Monton Energy, state biomass.
1.2 Power generation, coal-fired power generation control units with a total capacity of 39 million kilowatts, gas generation control units with a total capacity of 4.4265 million kilowatts, hydropower, wind and solar power generation renewable energy generation units, as at 30 June 2018
The company ' s main business continues to be the sale of electricity and heat products to the region where the company ' s power-generating assets are located to meet local social and economic development needs. In the first half of 2018, the company generated about 83 per cent of its main business income from the sale of electricity and heat products.
Figure 2 Changes in electricity generation in China Power International: 79 billion yuan in business earnings in 2017, a 24.7 per cent increase in the same year, shows that, according to the business income structure of 2017, the revenue from fire power was predominant, accounting for about 93 per cent of total revenue. Corporate business income rose steadily, mainly in the sale of electricity, heat products, and coal. The company’s industrial chain was well developed, with 2.2 billion tons of coal, and coal.
The rise in prices led to a significant increase in revenues from coal sales, which in 2017 accounted for 16.2 per cent of total revenue, with company operating income of $6,4314 million in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 10.71 per cent over the same period, with the largest contribution to the increase in revenues from power generation operations.
Figure 4 Composition of electricity generation income in 2017 II. Business profitability analysis 2.1 Increases in electricity generation and prices to promote business income growth
The key factors for capacity are the amount of electricity generated (loading capacity, number of hours used), the price of electricity on the Internet, and the cost of fuel. In 2017, under the influence of high coal prices, the overall profits of the coal industry fell. The net profit growth rate for companies was negative since 2016, and the price of electricity was further reduced in 2017. The company benefited from rising electricity production and rising electricity prices, which resulted in an increase of $64,314 million in business earnings in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 10.71 per cent, a net profit of $1,526 million for mothers, a loss of $237 million in the same period in the previous year, and a profit this year.
Figure F5I ' s operating income, operating costs and speed increases for 2012-2018: 742.7 per cent over the same period
Figure 7 Changes in the Māori Rates of Power International in China (%) 2.1.1 Drivers of an increase in the demand for electricity in society as a whole: January-September 2018. The demand for electricity in society as a whole grew at a high rate. 51,061 million kWh in January-September, an increase of 8.9% in the same rate as in September.
Figure 10 Monthly electricity consumption in industry, figure 114 in high-energy-consuming industries, relative to the relative rate of increase, figure 12 in total aggregate increase in electricity consumption in society
2.1.2 The power-pulsing effects of the tertiary sector and the population are evident. As a result of the ongoing restructuring of the economy, the increase in urbanization and the rise in the standard of living of the population, electricity consumption in the tertiary sector and in urban and rural areas rose significantly, accounting for 55.5 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity consumption in the first sector in January-September, an increase of 9.8 per cent over the same period.
The same-year growth of 7.3 per cent in kilowatt-hours, representing 68.0 per cent of electricity consumption in society as a whole; the growth of electricity consumption in the tertiary sector and in urban and rural areas by 13.5 per cent and 11.5 per cent on a par, contributing 42.45 per cent and 18.43 per cent to the increase in electricity use in society as a whole, maintaining the momentum of faster growth since this year, as well as the high rate of increase in electricity use in many industries in the tertiary sector, which is closely linked to information technology, such as the Internet.
Figure 13 Contribution of electricity to electricity use in industry III and in urban and rural areas (%)
The sexual advantage is evident in the fact that, at present, the average price of Internet access for coal-fired units is about 0.3738/kWh, which is still lower than the average price of Internet access for most forms of electricity generation in the country. Moreover, according to our “13th Five-Year Plan” for Electricity Development, while the share of coal installed in the country will decrease from 59% to 55% by 2020, the basic fact that coal power is the primary power source for electricity generation in the country remains unchanged.
In August 2017, 16 ministries, including the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance, issued a joint opinion on promoting structural reforms on the supply side to prevent the risk of excess coal power generation, proposing policies to address excess coal-fired capacity and support coal-fired electricity integration.
In 2018, the government's report proposed a new goal, namely, to phase out the 30 million-kW unit below the target level. More than 90% of the company's coal unit is a 300,000-kW and above-capacity, efficient, environmentally friendly unit, with an approximate ratio of 600,000 kW and above.
51%, higher than the national average, and less affected by the country ' s power-discharge capacity. Moreover, the consumption of coal from the company ' s fleet has declined from year to year, with a steady rate of plant consumption, and as of 30 June 2018, the company had a holding capacity of 4.928.49 kilowatts, of which 39 million kilowatts (kW) or 79% of the total capacity of the coal-fired generators were assembled. In addition, as of 30 June 2018, gas assembly capacity (6.92 million kW), first half of 2013-2018, was approved, prepared and in the construction of the unit.
During the year, the assembly capacity of gas generators rose steadily. According to statistics, the total capacity of the company ' s combustion engines was 43,727,000 kilowatts (kW), distributed among 31 power plants, accounting for 88.7 per cent of the total.
The installed capacity of clean energy sources, including electricity, wind and solar power generation, is around 21%. The company ' s electricity is distributed mainly in the provinces of Shandong, Hubei, Zhejiang: Wind masters are distributed in Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Shandong: hydropower is distributed mainly in the provinces of Sichuan: Photovoltaic power is distributed mainly in the provinces of Hebei and Hubei.
Table 32017 Changes in the structure of the company ' s revenue from the sale of electricity, figure 19 Average number of hours spent on electricity generation equipment across the country. In the first half of 2018, the growth in the capacity of the company ' s holding units slowed down, the installation structure was optimized and the company ' s generator unit was affected by the increased demand for electricity throughout the community
On 15 March 2015, the State Council issued its Opinions on Further Deepening the Restructuring of the Electricity System, stating that effective market competition on the side of power generation and on the side of the sale of electricity would be pursued, that the provincial grid transmission and distribution rates would be strictly enforced and improved in due course, and that the reform of the price of the inter-provincial, cross-district and regional grid transmission would be accelerated, with a view to completing it by 2018.
On 16 June 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on the cancellation, reduction of certain government funds and the introduction of reasonable adjustments to the structure of electricity prices. Since 1 July 2017, funds earmarked for restructuring industrial enterprises have been removed from power-generating enterprises and the price of electricity has been set aside to increase the price of coal-fired poles. As coal-fired poles have experienced an increase in the price of electricity and the implementation of cost-reducing measures by the State, this was due to be implemented on 1 January 2018.
Since 2018, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance have adopted policies to reduce the price of electricity in general. The National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on matters related to reducing the price of electricity in the general business sector, which reduced the price of electricity by about $43 billion in April, mainly in connection with the electricity chain charges and transmission prices.
On 17 May, a circular was issued on the criteria for reducing the collection of certain government funds, and on the basis of a 25 per cent reduction in the Ministry of Finance ' s circular on the criteria for reducing the collection of the National Fund for the Construction of Major Waterworks and the National Fund for the Transfer of Large and Medium Water Banks (fiscal tax [2017] 51), the Government ' s fund gave a profit of approximately $12.2 billion. On 15 May, the National Development Reform Commission issued a circular on the adjustment of the value-added tax on the electricity sector corresponding to the reduction of the general commercial and industrial electricity prices.
With the transfer of price reduction measures to the transmission and distribution side and the use side side, the combined cost of electricity generation remains high, so that price adjustments on the side of electricity generation in 2018 are unlikely to be further reduced, and the volume of traded electricity has increased. On 1 March 2016, the Beijing Power Exchange Centre and the Guangzhou Power Exchange Centre were established, and several provinces, including Guangzhou, began to operate.
In the first half of 2018, the share of electricity traded on the national electricity market was 23.3% and 28.7% of electricity sold by grid companies, compared to the average price of electricity traded on the coal market by large power groups and the market rate of electricity traded on the coal grid in the first half of 2017.
Supply-and-demand easing improves the transmission of coal-driven electricity costs and reduces the price gap with direct electricity supply. Since the electricity price reform, the market share of electricity on the Internet has been rising year by year, while domestic power tensions have now led to a large gap in the peak valley, the cost of coal electricity from rising coal prices is passed on to market-based electricity prices, which are rising year by year, and the price of coal-fired power plant poles is falling short, resulting in better company revenues.
2.2 The company's main cost is the cost of fuel. In the context of the supply side reform of the coal industry, the price of coal markets in the country has increased significantly, and the price of coal purchases has risen significantly. In the first half of 2018, the company's operating cost was approximately RMB 36.388 billion, an increase of about 8.88 per cent over the same year, mainly because of the impact of the increased cost of fuel and the increased cost of selling coal.
The cost of fuel is around RMB 20.549 billion, an increase of about 10.89% in the same year, mainly due to the increase in electricity and the impact of higher coal prices. Corporate coal sales cost about RMB 6,559 million, an increase of about 12.21% in the same year, mainly due to the increased volume of coal trade and the impact of higher purchasing prices.
Figure 26 Changes in international costs of electricity, 2.2.1 countries: acceleration of coal energy release and limitation of coal prices
In addition, the State has accelerated the release of coal production capacity, implemented a coal inventory management system and guaranteed the supply of electricity and coal: the transfer of coal into larger areas, further improved coal storage facilities, expanded coal storage sites in a variety of ways, and increased the capacity of the community to store coal and power plants.
Xi, ceci 5,500 kilocalories at a spot value of $631 per kilowatt-hour, down by nearly $80 per ton from the end of the previous year. 2.2.2 Company: Performance is more elastic in relation to coal, controlling costs in a variety of ways. In the national average of 300-350 grams per kilowatt-hour of electricity, the company spent 297.5 grams per kilowatt-hour of electricity in the first half of 2018, which is significantly lower than the national average.
Levels. The company has phased out the old fleet, and the installation structure has been further optimized. We predict that the company will continue to control costs, increase coal use and reduce electricity consumption. Figure 29 WET International has changed power consumption (g/kWh) in recent years, and figure 30 WT 2013-2017 electricity fuel cost changes.
3.1 The company and the fire power industry base and valuation are at the bottom, the valuation is expected to be strong, the valuation of the plate is at a historically low level, companies are at a lower level in the same industry and stock prices are strongly supported. The performance of the fire power industry has declined significantly as a result of the large increase in coal prices in 2017. The public sector currently pb is about 0.92 times lower than it has been in the last 10 years, but the company ' s profit-earning price has risen, with a sharp rebound expected and a high security margin horizontally;
It appears that the company pb is in a low position among the power pipelines and that the estimated repair is expected to be strong.32 The market net rate of the power pipeline (13 November 2018) is shown in figure 31 of the international net rate of electricity generation.
3.2 The size of the installed aircraft, the amount of power generated, is at the forefront of the industry, and the fleet is highly efficient. China Electric International is the leader of a company listed on fire and electric power, the size of the installed power generation is at the top of the industry, and the structure of the installed machinery, the utilization of the fleet and the consumption of the coal generated are higher than the average industry.
Figure 34 compares power generation by industry (in millions of kilowatts) and figure 35 compares electricity prices by industry on the Internet (in yuan/kWh) with a steady increase in corporate interest payments, which remain at around 40 per cent, at a higher level in the same industry.
Figure 38 compares with the rate of interest paid by the industry.1 The fire and electricity industry is already at the bottom of the cycle, and the trend is clear. Companies perform relatively elasticly against coal prices. In 2017, the coal industry as a whole lost profits to the bottom of the cycle. This year, companies control the cost of fuel by controlling costs in a number of ways.
In 2018, the net profit on the company’s ownership of its parent shareholders in the first three quarters was RMB 1,526 million. To benefit from the growth in demand and supply, we expect that the company’s electricity generation will continue to grow steadily in 2018, and its performance will improve steadily.
The company, as the leader of the industry, is in the highest position in terms of the size of the plant and the amount of power generated. The company's installed structure, fleet utilization and coal consumption are also higher than the industry average. The company's dominant position has led to a higher security forecast for investment: the high demand for electricity in the company's service area and the contribution of power from the newcomers, which has led to a sustained increase in the company's operating income for the period 2018-2020.
Since the 2019 valuation of HCI was relatively low, the first coverage gave companies an “increase” rating.1 Power market risk: in the first half of the year, electricity consumption in our society grew by 9.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the second half of the year was exacerbated by international trade disputes and structural reforms on the domestic supply side.
According to the Sino-Turkish Union, electricity consumption has increased at a much faster rate than expected throughout the year than at the beginning of the year, exceeding the level of growth in 2017. As the electricity market reform has advanced, the planned electricity volume has been shrinking over the years, the share of electricity traded on the market has gradually increased, and companies have a lower risk of settling electricity prices on average.
2. Coal market risks: As the central environmental inspector “go back”, local government production restrictions and changes in the imported coal policy influence, there are regional and segmental tensions in the coal market, and there are more pronounced fluctuations in coal prices, which put some pressure on companies to control fuel costs. In the second half of the year, as the State ensures a stable supply of coal and promotes a return to reasonable levels of coal prices, the supply of electricity will be largely balanced, and the price of electricity will not be expected to rise significantly, but will gradually return to a reasonable level.
Environmental policy risks: The national emission standards for coal-fired power plants are stringent, and the emission locations, emission levels and annual emissions of major pollutants are clearly defined. National coal-fired power plants are expected to achieve all low-carbon emissions by 2020, with further governance and protection of the water environment also mentioned in the study group's summary
The natural gas industry chain, with special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, and carbon emissions. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities Commission. This report is an ad hoc research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sinda Securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.