— Transport Bank's Tri Quarterly Review in 2025 Transport Bank (stock code: 601328) Performance growth marginal improvement, impairments, stress mitigation of counter-feeding profits: 3rd quarter of 2025, company
Operating income was $199,645 million, an increase of 1.80 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of $69,994 million for the mother, an increase of 1.90 per cent, which was higher than in the first half of the year; the annual weighted average of roe was 8.48 per cent, a decline in the same latitude.
In the first three quarters of 2025, corporate non-interest income rose by RMB 70,997 million, an increase of 2.41 per cent over the previous quarter. Of this, the net percentage of fees and commissions was higher; the interest-group lending rate was better than at the end of June.
The rate of non-performing individual loans rose by 34bp from the beginning of the year, with mortgages, credit cards, consumer loans, and poor operating loans rising to varying degrees, and is expected to be linked to the population’s ability to repay.
Trade finance and wealth finance have developed in depth. Credits are well invested and the cost of indebtedness is optimized. Assets 1. [Galactic Bank] 2024 Annual Report - Transport Bank.
We maintain the “recommended” rating for the three-quarters of 2024 report - Transport Bank Co. and stock elasticity, and bvps 2025-2027, figure 1: Transport bank revenue, net profit and speed increase, respectively
Figure 2: Roe, Transport Bank, Figure 3: Net Revenue and Growth of Interest at Transport Bank, Figure 5: Size and Growth of Transport Bank Loans
Figure 6: Size and acceleration of transport banks ' public and retail loans, Figure 7: Structure of transport banks ' loans, Figure 8: Size and acceleration of transport bank deposits
Figure 9: Structure of transport bank deposits Figure 10: Non-interest, intermediate operating income and speed of increase in transport banks Figure 11: Other non-interest income of transport banks, return on investment and speed of increase
Figure 12: Poor transport bank rates, loans of concern, Figure 13: Bank provision coverage, Figure 14: Adequate level of bank capital
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.