Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco: tracking point: continuing trends in class and cost-driven increases in the prices of selected products
Demand for products remains strong, yogurt and yogurt beverages are gradually recovering. The price of milk for the second half of the year rose by a high number of digits, with cost-driven increases in some of the products.
We expect q4 white milk products to continue their up-front growth: the need for warm white milk, especially gold medals, is better. In the case of a small overall base, the q4 order satisfaction rate will pick up, the gold series and the female brands will contribute more to pure milk sales, and the low-temperature pap milk and hyperbaric products will continue to be protected.
With a low base and a high growth model, it is expected to double over the year. Ammosh's performance is recovered, and q4 is judged primarily to be well prepared, laying the groundwork for next year's price system control, production sunk, and innovation. Consumption scenes for products such as cryogenic acids and emulsion beverages are still in place.
Total equity/flow (million shares) gradually recovered, with beverage products being more affected by the epidemic throughout the year.
ii. Part of the price of low-temperature products rises, often warm sales return to rationality.
--2020/11/02 The promotion of the equivalents has therefore slowed down, while yogurt, milk and beverages products (60887), Iri shares (in Ili shares):
As the consumer scene is gradually recovering, and competition is increasing, the promotion of this segment has increased slightly. A little more than expected, net profits are higher than expected.
Irie shares (60887), "The latest developments in the Irie shares, so the price of the low-temperature products has increased partly, mainly around the more powerful core of the low-temperature yogurt milk: good sales trends, expected improvement throughout the year."
In addition, fresh milk is priced through technical packaging. Products such as gold and white milk, branded pure milk and calcium milk, breakfast milk, etc., promote rational marketing in a context of better demand and higher productivity, and are now mainly promoted through structural optimization and rational marketing.
Third, taking into account rising demand and rising prices for some products, the strength of the tap milk industry, and the overall recovery and upgrading of the demand for dairy products, especially white milk products, which benefit the tap milk industry, are being strengthened.
Better product structure, better channel base, stronger branding, faster growth, higher market share. At the same time, because higher milk prices drive up prices for some of the products and slower marketing policies, it takes into account more control over the channels and a more stable system of prices.
Eli's shares track point: A continuation of the pattern of product-type trends, cost-driven price increases in part of the product is expected to achieve better cost pressure shifts or higher profitability, with a stronger leader.
Companies attach importance to the long-term layout of upstream sources of milk, and continue to deepen industrial integration globally. By strengthening milk-source control, companies can effectively guarantee that growth needs are met effectively, while also increasing the advantage of higher costs associated with higher prices for digested sources of milk.
The company’s holding subsidiary, which plans to market its stock in the port, is expected to obtain financing to increase grazing land, further strengthening and highlighting the advantages of Eli’s upstream placement. The industry’s product-type trend has continued, demand has gradually recovered, and the competitive environment has improved its costs.
The long-term, far-reaching impact of the epidemic on the demand for white milk products: the consumption of low-temperature acids and milk beverages is gradually recovering: milk powder and other products are also growing.
Revenue is expected to continue to grow well, and profitability and gross sales are expected to improve. Considering the spring year of 2021, the high elasticity of demand recovery after the outbreak, and the pioneering valuation of the 9th North Street in Beijing's West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.