Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco: three-quarterly report on the strength of white milk, a slowdown in promotion, a slightly higher than expected net profit: income achieved by the company in the first three quarters, net return to the mother, net deduction of non-return to the mother, respectively
2.04 billion yuan, or 11.17 per cent, 23.73 per cent, 16.98 per cent. Māori sales in the first three quarters, income growth return, liquid milk is dragged back by low-temperature yogurt milk and milk beverages 11.17 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, with major businesses growing by about 10.24 per cent.
Liquid milk growth slowed, with demand for white milk remaining strong, leading to faster growth of regular liquid milk, total equity/flow (million shares) but missing, slower than expected from low-temperature yogurt and milk and beverages consumption scenes, liquid milk
The overall market value/flow (millions of yuan) is growing at a slower rate than expected. The impact of milk powders and table sizes (the western milk industry in August of last year) has diminished, the impact of statements has been eliminated, and stock growth has slowed slightly compared to the first half of the year, but it is still growing well.
Growth is expected to accelerate as the gold crown is upgraded to its full formula. The cold drink rate continues.
A little over-expected, a little over-expected net profit.
- 2020/06/21 Group purchases grew faster, leading to a higher direct-camp ratio.
The number of distributors at the end of the reporting period was --2020/04/29, II. Higher costs, slower promotions, better gross sales and better net profits.
The Māori rate for the main business in the three quarters alone is about 35%, a decline of 1.06 pct from the same year, and the rise in the original milk price is putting pressure on the cost end, which is still falling, despite some trade-offs in product structure optimization. The cost end is due to strong demand for white milk and a shortage of pure milk in the season.
Promotions have slowed down, with sales rates of 20.44 per cent in the three quarters alone, a decline of 1.37 pct over the year. As a result, the balance of gross sales has improved in the three quarters alone. Share incentive costs of about $150 million have been amortized in the three quarters alone.
The expected decline in the Māori rate is relatively strong, and the improvement in the promotion mitigation cost effect has led to a faster increase in net profits on a year-on-year basis, with net interest rates increasing by 0.88 pct to 8.74% on a year-on-year basis. After the deduction of non-recharges in three quarters alone, the collection of receivables has stabilized, sales are properly collected, and the statement is generally healthy.
At the end of the third quarter, accounts receivable + notes receivable + $2.348 billion, an increase of $553 million in the same year and $444 million in the ring comparison. Receivables, pre-receivables, are generally stable. Sales collections of $29.659 billion in the third quarter alone, an increase of 11.88 per cent, are better than the increase in the principal income. Net cash flows from operating activities are higher.
In the context of the overall weakness of the industry and the gradual recovery of demand, it is not easy for Eli, as a leading company, to recover faster and more rapidly than the industry. In particular, three quarters of the year, with a relatively tight white milk base and a large front-value base, double-digit growth is bright.
The company’s fundamentals are rising somewhat faster in terms of trends in product categories, changes in channels, and cost slowdowns. The cost pressures are smaller in the four quarters alone, and the income and growth peaks in the first quarter of next year, with elasticity of performance.
The epidemic has long-term and far-reaching implications for the demand for white milk. Currently, Eli’s regular-temperature products continue to sink, the consumption of low-temperature yogurt milk and milk beverages is gradually recovering, milk powder and other products are growing, and overall income growth continues to be high in the next 2-3 years.
The share continues to rise, and the profitability and gross sales are expected to improve further.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report