I'm going to have to go with you, and I'm going to go with you, and I'm going to go with you, and I'm going to go with you, and I'm going to go with you, and I'm going with you.
yili (600887/ch) buy (maintain) financialstoofftrawmilkpressure
(previoustp 3q20np+24% yoytormb2,289mn, 9% aboveconsensusdueto)
I don't know if you're the only one who's gonna be here, but I'm the one who's gonna be here.
We thinkliwillimplement forourmeausurestotrawmilkpressure, andtheore albertyip
3q20npbeatbutgpmsed.revenuese 11% yoyin3q20, whichis
Inlinewithconsensususandouraction, ledby 19/10 per cent/1 per centgrovethof milkpotor/liquidmilk/ice-creamsegments.gpmfell 1.3pptto 34.7 per cent becauseof6-7 per cent rawmilkpricerowth (rmb4.5kgin3q20vschinamodern)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Picerogrovebyhighsingle-digitin2h20eandincreasefurtherinfo21e. (1) shareholdingstructure reducedisaccountpromotion: oursourcesofchannelcheckfoundretail
And sodidmn'smilkdeluxe.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, because I'm not going to do it, because I'm not going to do it, you're not going to do it, you're not going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you know, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you, you're going to do it, you, you, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you?, you?, you're?, you?????????????????
Innovation:forexample, ambrosiallaunchedahigh-end5gproteinaught source: bloomberg and satinewillaunchahigh-end4.0guhtmilkin1q21.theetailprice/gram
(f) 12-mthpriceperformance iprovefficiencofesses: sellingexpensesratiofell0.9 ppttto
22.7% in9m20throughmoreprecisemarkingsuchasonlineadvertising.it's 12.3% a&pext.rateofy19washigherthanemanymajorconsumernames (figuure9). Asdairyseconder,wethinkylihasroomtoimproveeffiency.
It's not like we're going to have a party, but we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to have a meeting.
In the 14thlifeyearperiod, yiliwillstrengthenitsleadershipandgrovethin dairysector, whilalescontributionbyn-dairyproductsandoverseas source: bloomberg
Audit: dahua yilicouldreachtop3in2025(figuure8) . maintainbuy.weliftedfy20enpby 4%toreflectstrong3q20resourcesand
Related reports maintainournpestimatersinfy21/22e.ourtskeptattrm45.90.still "yili-2q20stronglybeat;tplifted
Badon 32xfy21ep/e.catalysts: better-than-expectedrevenueand "yili-expectf fullrecoveryofsales margins.risks: rawmilkcostpressure, foodfettyissues.
;secretary "chinadairysector-multiple growthdriversahead;second
I'm sorry, consolation tocontinue"-19nov figure2: early meeting source: companydata, and bisestimates
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure that's what you're talking about.
Well, therearchanalynchorisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectsecurities orissuesueswas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvesmentadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformance, dactuatedventsmayifferrealfrommet wichiscontainedin
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsof and bisor itssaffiliate(s)tohomitististbated.thisreportisnototandsoouldnotbestruedasanofforservicetobuyorsellanycycurityoronyinterestin securitiesorientententientintoanytransaction.neith and bisnoranyofitsaffilletates, shareholders, agents, consults, directors
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methodswhencompiling.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) aeropersfallingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hhnetworthcompanies, unincorporated effects, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof bis.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
Qualifiedasareresearchorchannalystwith the financialindustryregularyothority("finra"). Thenalysissnotsubjecttoapplicablereformactionsunderfinera rulesintendredtoenstaintainttheanalysisnotaffefedbypotentyconfactorssointeresthattesointerestcouverbenstaliabilityofotheressearchreport.thisreport isintendendedfordstoration: Nationalized stateto"majusinsitutionalinvestors" asdefinindine15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestor atreceivescopofthisreport byatsacceptancehereofofofofoftysreportsandandandadethathatsallnottyorprovidethisreporttoanyotherpersons.anyu.s.reccipitofthisreportwishishing to effecutanytransactionstobuyorselssetdiesbesontheinformationprovidindustsordoworldworldlythroughau.s.-regiedsterbroker-dealer.
Forcificentsofthisdocumentinsingapore thisreportisistributedinsingaporeby(singapore)pte.limited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173228d), anexemptfinancialadviseras definedinthefinancialadvisersact(cap.110) ofsingaporeandregulaedbythemonetaryauthorityofsapore. and bisgmaydriboteportsproduced
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm sure I'm going to be able to do it again.
I don't know, extraquiredbylaw.singaporecipientssoultactandbisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwithotherport.