q3 performance continued to increase and the negative impact of the epidemic was effectively addressed.
On 30 October 2020, the net return to the mother was $6,024 million, compared to +6.99 per cent, and the basic eps was $1. The q3-quarter q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q1 q3 q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 = a slight drop in the income velocity ratio, and the cost reduction significantly increased profit performance.
44.14/27.04 At the end of the income spectrum, as demand for dairy products rose after the outbreak and industrial marketing recovered rapidly, the company ' s income at the end remained at a relatively high rate, but was constrained by the inadequate supply of original milk, and the company ' s ground marketing costs were reduced and revenues increased
The fast-ring ratio has declined slightly, but it has remained at 11% double-digit growth. At the profit end, influenced by the upturn in the cost of original milk purchases, the Māori rate has fallen slightly; at the same time, downstream demand has been strong, and companies have reduced their sales cost inputs, including by cutting terminal discounts, resulting in a profit increase much faster than at the income end.
In the first three quarters, liquid milk/milk powder and dairy/refrigerated products received 572.90/93.69 per cent respectively, mainly limited by the procurement and promotion of milk sources; milk powder and dairy products kept growing at a high rate.
The Māori rate for companies in the last three quarters was 36.94 per cent, compared to -0.75ppt (q3 of 34.72 per cent, compared to -1.27 ppt), owing to the fact that Q3 was facing a relatively severe milk shortage in recent years and expected to increase significantly in the cost of the company ' s original milk purchases, with a small and low Māori rate. The net interest rate for companies returned to their mothers was 8.17 per cent, compared to -0.03ppt (q3 of 8.72 per cent, compared with the same rate.
+0.89 ppt. q3. The decline in sales costs greater than the decrease in the Māori rate is the main cause of the increase in the q3 net profit ratio and has led to a smaller margin of net profit in the previous three quarters compared to the same period. This is due to the higher prices of original milk and related supplements, which put the Māori rate down. The administrative cost rate is 4.56 per cent, compared to +0.22 ppt.
The rate of penetration of liquid milk has steadily increased, with low-temperature milk and high-speed milk powder growing. 38.8 per cent of the company ' s average-temperature milk market in the first three quarters, compared to 0.8 ppt since 20h1 continued.
More specifically, constant warm white milk is the core engine of growth, with gold medals expected to continue to grow at a high rate, and gold-coated organic milk is expected to grow at a much higher rate than the entire gold fine. The company’s low-temperature milk market accounts for 15.2%, compared to +0.2 ppt, with lower-temperature milk products expected to grow at a higher rate and lower-temperature yogurt milk growth at the present time.
q2 performances are excellent, market location, and the company’s low-temperature milk business has been laid out in more than 20 central cities, with product prices tending to be medium-to-high, and there is still a significant possibility of expanding production plants in the future.
More new products of the same kind are on the market, with low rates, but they are still growing at a much higher rate than the industry average. First quarter of 2020: 90 billion hits in 2019, annual performance guidelines for the epidemic.
Based on the company’s performance in the first three quarters, we have increased the previous profit forecast. The company is expected to achieve about 40 times the average valuation level (the averaging method for the calculation, which corresponds to the 2020 wind consistent forecast) in 20-22 years, taking into account that the company is the head of the dairy industry, and will continue to benefit from industry development in the long term.
Higher certainty of growth and maintenance of a “recommended” rating. The impact of the epidemic continues to be over-expected, costs rise significantly, cost controls are weak, food safety issues are under control, etc. Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized
Jujie, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts. In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,