There has been a steady increase in profitability, with clear strategic development goals and corporate revenues from liquid milk/milk powder and dairy/cooled milk for the first three quarters of the year, respectively, leading to a slowdown in the rate of growth of the company ' s liquid milk ring, with constant double-digit growth in warm milk and basic low-temperature milk.
We're even. The gold medals grew by about 15% in the first three quarters, q3 faster; Ammush fell by a better number than the industry, and the share continued to rise; milk powder was affected by slower growth in the industry, delays in the listing of gold collars, increased promotions due to intense competition in the industry, etc.
The first half of the year slowed, but the growth trend remained relatively positive. Overall, the dairy industry is still recovering from major shareholders (2020q3), with companies regressively holding their share, and by the end of the third quarter, they were very warm and low.
The share of warm milk municipalities was 38.8 per cent/15.2 per cent, an increase of 0.8 and 0.2 percentage points in the same year, while the share of infant and child milk powders was 5.9 per cent, a decrease of 0.3 percentage points in the same year.
In the first three quarters, the Māori rate was 36.9%/-0.8 ptt, of which the Māori rate for q3 was 1.4 to 20.4% lower than in the previous quarter, resulting in a slight increase in the gross Q3 sales margin compared to the same period. The increase in the volume of Māori sales has put pressure on the company, but the level of industry promotion has been relatively reduced and the company’s size has been more effective.
Corporate overall profitability should be steadily increased in a context of increasing intensity. Full effort to achieve equity incentive targets, clear strategic growth path q4, with some pressure on corporate income later in the spring and higher prices for original milk.
The impact of maori pressure, but companies will also boost demand for yoghurt by increasing production, marketing, marketing, etc., by tapping into the growth opportunities of freshly needed white milk products, increasing their edges, and, on the other hand, through product innovation. At the same time, companies will boost demand for yoghurt by increasing their upstream milk sources.
In the medium term, the company will focus on dairy operations and actively nurture milk powder and milk.
The breakdown of cheese, low-temperature milk, etc., is moving towards the great goal of “the world's first three years in five years and the world's first Erie shares in ten years: q2 is strong and negative”; in the longer term, the company is growing the non-milk business down.
The main drivers of growth in the first phase are a slightly lower-than-expected level of corporate income, a higher-than-expected rate of Maori, higher-cost control, food security risks, the risk of an increase in the price of original milk, and the risk of recurring epidemics.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is able to present the present report independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner and to ensure that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, that the author's research views are clearly and accurately reflected, and that any conclusions are not in any third position.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.