In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved business income of 25,077 million yuan, an increase of 60.28 per cent over the previous three quarters.
The net profit of the mother is 1,431 million yuan, an increase of 506.65% over the same period; the basic gain per share is 0.30 yuan, and the energy cost of the energy mix is high, with performance growth in the third quarter under pressure. Since this year, the price of raw materials in the company’s industrial chain has risen as a result of the expected shortfall in energy sources combined with the decline in crude oil stocks.
The price of crude oil in the first three quarters of Brent in 2021 averaged $67.78 per barrel, an increase of 39.47 per cent compared to the previous quarter, and the price of raw materials from petrochemical enterprises was strongly supported. At the demand end, it benefited from a sustained global recovery from the epidemic, price increases for petrochemical products, widening product price differentials, and the company’s previous three quarters.
But with regard to the downstream pta-tailed silk, the third quarter was influenced by a double-control policy of energy consumption, a drop in the start-up rate for some of the installations, a sharp increase in upstream costs, such as coal, and the third quarter's demand for long sub-silence swimsuits, one season.
The average single-ton net profit in the poy/fdy/dty industry was $162.80/48.81/287.42, respectively, and it was reported that the kernels continued to upgrade, the refining switch valuations continued to be released in Sharbangeva and market occupation was justified.
\triangleright Logic 2021.05.25 Released by the CSRC on the issue of shares issued by Jiangsu East Rainbow Company to purchase assets and collect them
Eastern Rainbow (000301: Feedback from the polyester industry on applications for matching funds. 19 October, company feedback.
According to the feedback received, Srbonne's first half of the year received $9.518 billion in acquisitions of Srb, and the fine engineering scale was expanded, leading to a two-fold rise in corporate net profits in the first half of the year. Srbb had 300,000 tons of annual revenues.
Wa resins, 520,000 tons of acrylic acetylene, 170,000 tons of mma, 420,000 tons of ethylene oxide, etc., have co-production capacity. Of this, eva photovoltaic resin is 200,000 tonnes/year or more, accounting for more than 60% of the country's total photovoltaic-eva production capacity.eva goes downstream into the photovoltaic chain, and the current policy of “double carbon” continues.
The company’s market pattern is expected to open further. In addition, the second stage of the S.S. propane industry chain is being built to produce 700,000 tons of propane dehydration, 520,000 tons of acrylic acrylate, 180,000 tons of mma and 210,000 tons of sar per year after delivery.
With two types of boxing products, eva and acrylic, the unprofitability of Surban is expected to grow and the competitive advantage will increase further.
The Rainbow Group has started work on three "million-ton" projects to build new world-class energy materials
Industry cluster. Srbon petrochemicals, under the banner of the Rainbow Group, have made a major breakthrough on key indicators such as crystals, melting fingers, and a major breakthrough in the development of a self-researched building, 9th House of the City of Beijing, West End.
Through the technical and scientific findings of the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, technology levels have reached international advanced levels, significantly reducing downstream market demand. Srpang is planning to expand its capacity to 1 million tonnes/year, to replace imports further, to increase self-sufficiency and to make a national clean energy transition.
Srbon petrochemicals currently have 520,000 tonnes/year Acrylonitrile production capacity, which provides more than 50% of the raw materials in domestic carbon fibre production enterprises, and is the largest production base for acrylate. Next, Srbon petrochemicals combine the advantages of existing industry layouts with larger construction planning.
In addition, the company plans to build a million tons of green degradation material such as pbat, pbs, etc., which can be upgraded.
The rate of application of degradation materials and the harmonization of social, economic and environmental benefits.
In the petrochemical plate, the company currently has 3.9 million tons of pta capacity per year, 16 million tons of refining projects under construction, 2.8 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons combined installations and 1.1 million tons of ethylene fission devices will be operational by the end of 2021.
Construction of additional “10.9 million tonnes/year 2#ethanol” devices and “40.25 million tonnes/year phenol/propanone” installations to effectively absorb the production capacity of upstream and aromatic hydrocarbons, while providing stable raw materials for downstream polyester fibre lines.
The size of the 20.45 million tonnes/year posm device, 11.25 million tonnes/year ppg device, 25,000 tonnes/year pop device size, downstream product coverage in a wide range of areas such as automobiles, home appliances, building materials, one step towards enriching the product structure and diversifying performance growth, and a significant increase in the combined strength of the industrial chain.
Polyester fibre plate, the company currently owns 2.3 million tons of differentiated fibre production capacity per year, and the 200,000-ton differential fibre project will be launched in 2022, focusing mainly on high-end dty products, increasing the high-value-added attributes and profitability of high-value products.
Annual regenerative fibre production will be in place by the end of 2021, with 500,000 tonnes/year of super-simulating functional fibre production going forward. In the post-production phase, corporate profitability and valuation are expected to improve. Debt conversion reduces capital costs, and refining subsidiaries increase stock build-up performance.
\triangleright released $5 billion on 22nd and entered the equity transfer period on 27th September of this year. As of 30th September 2021, 49.999 million of the remaining debt swaps were left.
Four hundred and ninety-nine million dollars, which will reduce the company’s financial costs when transferred. In the equity structure, companies are given shares in other winners of the Winning Industries Fund, thereby indirectly increasing their shares by 4.4 per cent, from 77.7 per cent of pre-recession holdings to 82.1 per cent of post-recession holdings.
The firm’s long-term judgement on the refining industry is highlighted by its shareholdings. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: taking into account the incomplete infusion of Srbon petrochemicals, the profit contribution of Srbonne is not taken into account. We expect the company’s net return in 2021-2023, respectively.
We maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating after the injection of silbon petrochemicals. Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; failure to produce as much as expected; less than expected profit from polyester fibres; risk of excess refining capacity; “carbon neutral” policy against
In 2017, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is mainly responsible for research on the chain of crude oil, gas and garment industries and for the evaluation of investments in the petrochemicals project of the China Sindha Asset Management Corporation.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.