Orient Rainbow (000301: Srbun successfully passed, (for the first time) Company issued a public announcement that the company intended to buy Sr by issuing shares and paying cash.
The bill to secure 100% equity and raise matching funds was approved by the CSRC without a smooth infusion of high-quality assets, the deployment of new energy upstream materials, the company's plan to purchase 100% equity in Sreston by issuing shares and paying cash.
And with a financing package of no more than $4.09 billion, the final cost in Srb. 14.36 billion, or 1,112 million shares. The mto-design production capacity in Srb. is about 2.4 million tonnes/year (in methanol) and is global in size.
The mto device is in the forefront. Photovoltaic eva resin is the raw material for photovoltaic components encapsulating the membrane. The current eva resin production capacity is 300,000 tons in Srbonne, 67% of the first half of the year 2021, and Srbun is the country's largest producer.
The domestic photovoltaic phase of eva production has been cut off for a long time, the price of eva resins has risen significantly in 2021, the production of eva photovoltaics requires a longer process combing period, and the eva resins are expected to be released as the luminous demand is released.
The industry of deep processing of acetylene, which focuses on high-value-added products, has evolved into a diversified product of basic petrochemicals and fine chemical co-development.
The company has 520,000 tons of acrylic production, 260,000 tons of acrylic production has been completed, 780,000 tons of post-partum capacity, 170,000 tons of acrylic production, 85,000 tons of acrylic production will be built.
Construction and commissioning in 2022, with a capacity of 255,000 tons. Srbon now has a capacity of 420,000 tons and its derivatives, with a capacity of 520,000 tons in 2022. Srb II Pyre is currently under construction, including 700,000 tonnes/year C.
Aero-hydrogen dehydration units, 2 2 sets of 260,000 tonnes/year acrylonitrile devices, 2 sets of 90,000/year mma installations, 210,000/year sar devices.
In March and April 2019, the company acquired 100 per cent equity in rainbow refining, rainbow petrochemicals and invested in the construction of a rainbow refining integration project to form a new high-end textile industry chain structure for “oil refining-px/ethyl diol-pta-polyester-optics”
New phases and patterns of synergistic development between oil and fibre optics. In the construction of the Rainbow Refinement Project, the crude oil processing capacity is 16 million tonnes/year, the aromatic hydrocarbons are combined, the size of which is 2.8 million tonnes/year (in terms of production of dibenzene) and the ethylene fission device regulations.
Model 1.1 million tonnes/year, which is currently the largest single-body normal pressure relief device in the country, is scheduled to be operational by the end of 2021, and the post-partum refining integration project will create synergies with the company ' s existing operations and with Srbonne and contribute to performance elasticity.
Discontinuation of the impact of the acquisition of Srbonne, forecasting the company ' s net profits for 2021-2023, risk of significant fluctuations in oil prices, less than expected completion of the refining project, too fast delivery of the industry ' s capacity, less demand for photovoltaics, non-public distribution
(a) Unexpected; large-scale systemic risks.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.