商业贸易
小商品城（600415）2025 年半年报点评:
评级:
数贸中心建设提速，AI 赋能成效显著
日期:
事件描述
2025年 H1 业绩稳健增长:公司上半年实现营业收入 77.13亿元,同比
增长 13.99%; 归属母公司净利润 16.91 亿元, 同比增长 16.78%;
: hexiaomin@w kzq.com.cn
净利润 16.68 亿元, 同比增长 17.57%。
2025 年 Q2 单季表现亮眼:公司 Q2 单季度实现营业收入 45.52 亿元,
同比增长11.41%；归母净利润8.88亿元，同比增长20.77%，经营业绩
持续向好。
事件点评
贸易服务板块利润贡献凸显，盈利结构持续优化: 2025 年上半年，公司
增长主要由贸易服务和商品销售业务双轮驱动。其中，贸易服务板块表
亿元,同比激增 127%,成为公司利润增长的核心引擎。旗下 Chinagoods
平台（大数据公司）上半年实现净利润 1.55 亿元，同比增长 109.69%;
义支付(Yiwu Pay)上半年利润总额超 4000 万元，同比增长超 50%。
这标志着公司正从传统的“租金模式”向高附加值的“服务模式”成功转
型，盈利质量显著提升。
全球数贸中心招商火爆, 开启新一轮增长周期: 公司新市场全球数贸中
心的招商工作获得市场热烈反响。 首批时尚珠宝行业 389 间商位，吸引
超 4700 户主体报名,中标价高达 11-12.4 万元/平方米。第二批创意潮
相关研究
玩、护肤及医美用品行业 1308 间商位，累计吸引超 2.4 万户主体报名，
▶ 《24 年年报点评:稳扎稳打守正出奇》
中标价最高达 13.8 万元/平方米。火爆的招商行情不仅验证了义乌市场
(2025/4/7)
商位的稀缺性和高价值，也为公司未来市场经营业务的收入增长提供了
《强化内外贸枢纽地位,平台规模经济推动
高度确定性，标志着公司核心主业已迈入新的增长周期。
经营向好》(2025/1/22)
《24Q3 点评: Yiwu Pay 交易额高增 整体数
AI 赋能构筑核心护城河，数字化战略成效显著:公司围绕贸易服务生态
据亮点纷呈》(2024/10/16)
的数字化、智能化转型战略成效显著。以 Chinagoods 平台和义支付为
▶ 《24H1 点评:稳健优绩 引领商贸领域迈向
核心,结合AI技术赋能,公司成功打造了一个集信息流、商流、资金流
新质生产力》(2024/8/21)
于一体的闭环生态系统。截至报告期末, Chinagoods 平台注册采购商已
《2023 年年报及 2024 年一季报点评主营业
突破 510 万人。公司密集推出的“小商 AI”系列应用，累计使用及访问
务 持 续 增 长 ， 线 上 第 二 曲 线 渐 入 佳 境 》
量已突破10亿人次，极大地增强了用户粘性,有效助力商户降本增效。
(2024/4/22)
投资建议
▶ 《传统业务稳中有增 顺势转型佳音可期》
我们认为,公司立足实体市场基本盘,以数字贸易服务为新增长引擎,
(2024/1/30)
全球数贸中心开启新一轮增长周期。短期来看,全球数贸中心招商落地
锁定未来增长, 贸易服务板块持续贡献高毛利增量; 长期来看, 公司“实
体市场+CG 平台+义支付”的 AI 赋能贸易生态壁垒高筑,全球化布局有
望释放更高弹性。
我们预计，公司 25/26/27 年归母净利润 41/55/63 亿元，当前股价对应
PE 为 27 倍/20 倍/18 倍,维持“持有”评级。
1、国际外贸局势不稳定;2、公司新业务拓展不及预期。
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
国际外贸局势不稳定;
2、 公司新业务拓展不及预期。
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
主要财务指标
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
规渠道；（ii）本报告分析逻辑基于作者的职业理解，并清晰准确地反映了作者的研究观点；（iii）本报告结论不受任何第三方的授意或影响；（iv）
不存在任何利益冲突; (v) 英文版翻译若与中文版有所歧义,以中文版报告为准;特此声明。
一般声明
五矿证券有限公司（以下简称“本公司”）具有中国证监会批复的证券投资咨询业务资格。本公司不会因接收人收到本报告即视其为客户，本报告仅在
相关法律许可的情况下发放，并仅为提供信息而发放，概不构成任何广告。本报告的版权仅为本公司所有，未经本公司书面许可，任何机构和个人不
机构（以下简称“该机构”）发送本报告，则由该机构独自为此发送行为负责。
本报告所载的资料、意见及推测仅反映本公司于发布本报告当日的判断，本报告所指的证券或投资标的的价格、价值及投资收入或将产生波动；在不
同时期，本公司可发出与本报告所载资料、意见及推测不一致的报告；本公司不保证本报告所含信息保持在最新状态。同时，本公司对本报告所含信
息可在不发出通知的情形下做出修改，投资者应当自行关注相应的更新或修改。
何保证，也不保证所包含信息和建议不发生任何变更。本公司已力求报告内容的客观、公正，但文中的观点、结论和建议仅供参考，不包含作者对证
券价格涨跌或市场走势的确定性判断。在任何情况下，报告中的信息或意见不构成对任何人的投资建议，投资者据此做出的任何投资决策与本公司和
作者无关。在任何情况下，本公司、本公司员工或者关联机构不承诺投资者一定获利，不与投资者分享投资收益，也不对任何人因使用本报告中的任
何内容所引致的任何损失负任何责任。本公司及作者在自身所知情范围内，与本报告中所评价或推荐的证券不存在法律法规要求披露或采取限制、静
默措施的利益冲突。
五矿证券版权所有。保留一切权利。
特别声明
在法律许可的情况下，五矿证券可能会持有本报告中提及公司所发行的证券并进行交易，也可能为这些公司提供或争取提供投资银行、财务顾问和金
融产品等各种金融服务。因此，投资者应当考虑到五矿证券及/或其相关人员可能存在影响本报告观点客观性的潜在利益冲突，投资者请勿将本报告
视为投资或其他决定的唯一参考依据。
联系我们
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
Analyst Certification
The research analyst is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part. The analyst has the Securities Investment Advisory
Certification granted by the Securities Association of China. Besides, the analyst independently and objectively issues this report holding a diligent
attitude. We hereby declare that (1) all the data used herein is gathered from legitimate sources; (2) the research is based on analyst's professional
understanding, and accurately reflects his/her views; (3) the analyst has not been placed under any undue influence or intervention from a third
party in compiling this report; (4) there is no conflict of interest; (5) in case of ambiguity due to the translation of the report, the original version in
Chinese shall prevail.
Investment Rating Definitions
General Disclaimer
Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. (or "the company") is licensed to carry on securities investment advisory business by the China Securities Regulatory
Commission. The Company will not deem any person as its client notwithstanding his/her receipt of this report. The report is issued only under
permit of relevant laws and regulations, solely for the purpose of providing information. The report should not be used or considered as an offer or
the solicitation of an offer to sell, buy or subscribe for securities or other financial instruments. The information presented in the report is under the
copyright of the company. Without the written permission of the company, none of the institutions or individuals shall duplicate, copy, or redistribute
any part of this report, in any form to any other institutions or individuals. The party who quotes the report should contact the company directly to
request permission, specify the source as Equity Research Department of Minmetals Securities, and should not make any change to the information
in a manner contrary to the original intention. The party who re-publishes or forwards the research report or part of the report shall indicate the
issuer, the date of issue, and the risk of using the report. Otherwise, the company will reserve its right to taking legal action. If any other institution
(or "this institution") redistributes this report, this institution will be solely responsible for its redistribution. The information, opinions, and inferences
herein only reflect the judgment of the company on the date of issue. Prices, values as well as the returns of securities or the underlying assets
herein may fluctuate. At different periods, the company may issue reports with inconsistent information, opinions, and inferences, and does not
guarantee the information contained herein is kept up to date. Meanw hile, the information contained herein is subject to change without any prior
notice. Investors should pay attention to the updates or modifications. The analyst wrote the report based on principles of independence, objectivity,
fairness, and prudence. Information contained herein was obtained from publicly available sources. How ever, the company makes no warranty of
accuracy or completeness of information, and does not guarantee the information and recommendations contained do not change. The company
strives to be objective and fair in the report's content. However, opinions, conclusions, and recommendations herein are only for reference, and do
not contain any certain judgments about the changes in the stock price or the market. Under no circumstance shall the information contained or
opinions expressed herein form investment recommendations to anyone. The company or analysts have no responsibility for any investment
decision based on this report. Neither the company, nor its employees, or affiliates shall guarantee any certain return, share any profits with
investors, and be liable to any investors for any losses caused by use of the content herein. The company and its analysts, to the extent of their
aw areness, have no conflict of interest which is required to be disclosed, or taken restrictive or silent measures by the law s with the stock evaluated
or recommended in this report.
Minmetals Securities Co. Ltd. 2019. All rights reserved.
Special Disclaimer
Permitted by law s. Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. may hold and trade the securities of companies mentioned herein, and may provide or seek to
provide investment banking, financial consulting, financial products, and other financial services for these companies. Therefore, investors should
be aw are that Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. or other related parties may have potential conflicts of interest which may affect the objectivity of the
report. Investors should not make investment decisions solely based on this report.
Contact us
Shanghai
Shenzhen
Beijing
Address: 30/F, Zhendan International
Address: 23F, Minmetals Financial Center,
Building, No.99 Fucheng Road, Lujiazui
3165 Binhai Avenue, Nanshan District,
ChaoyangmenNorth Street, Dongcheng
District, Beijing
Street, Pudong New District, Shanghai
Shenzhen