Wie-chul Wang has grown rapidly, 23h1 net profit yoy + 14%
The net return to the mother was $4.26 billion, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the same period; the net profit not attributable to the mother was $4.21 billion, an increase of 13.5 per cent over the same period, and the company ' s performance was as expected, with the net gain increasing at a lower rate than the increase in the revenue from the agency, which was largely due to the low Māori.
RMB, yoy+39.5%, net profit of mothers of $2.23 billion, yoy+23.3%, net profit of $23.58 billion, yoy+41.4%, of which a 9-priced Hpv vaccine has increased in bulk, the demand is considered to be stronger after the easing of the age at which the 9-price vaccine is applied, and the company has been silent in January of this year.
The supply of 9-priced vaccines has been secured until 2026, while the 9-priced Hpv vaccine in the short term is still clinically active, and it is expected that the 9-priced product of company agents will remain on the market for almost two years. (2) Autonomous product 23h1 will receive 860 million yuan, a 48.4 per cent decline in comparison.
ac in combination with the impact of the first half of the year when the vaccine was not issued and the fluctuations in the number of new crown vaccinations.
It was a faster growth in revenue from the low Māori agent business, with higher income ratios, while the intergenerational cost rate was 7.5 per cent, down 0.8 percentage points from the same period, mainly as a result of the expansion of revenue levels, which resulted in institutional investors accounting for the share of liquiditya.
Autonomous research and development (R & D) continues to be active and is gradually entering the harvest period: the company continues to promote autonomous R & D, with R & D, with R & D of 23h1, with an investment of R & D of 580 million, or +12.6 per cent, or about 68 per cent of the income from autonomous products.
(bcg-ppd) into clinical trial ii; recombinant b-semenococcal vaccine (e.g. coli) into clinical trial i: therapeutic use of BCG, micronba 4.5-delta strain reorganisation of new coronba virus protein vaccine received clinical test approval, company-owned product development ladder completed
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.