The agent product continues to be released, and the self-research product 23-priced pneumonia vaccine was approved.
24,445 million yuan, an increase of 33.19 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to mothers of 4.260 billion hubx@cfsc.com.cn, a rise of 13,273 million yuan in the second quarter of 2023
▪ The agent product continues to be released, Auxiliary Inc. 2023h1 has been receiving a high rate of growth, and the demand for an expanded Hpv vaccine has been further released.
57.85 per cent; four-priced Hpv vaccines issued in bulk, an increase of 28.5 per cent over the same period; and five-priced round vaccines issued in bulk, an increase of 6.6 million, an increase of 45 years, followed by an expansion of the population in various provinces and cities, including Xianan and Jinan.
After the company's successful renewal of the contract with Mercerton, we believe that the Hpv vaccine will remain high-speed for the next two years, contributing to the autonomous development of multi-moderate layouts and the release of the 23-priced pneumonia vaccine.
The four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine is awaiting approval, and the company is focusing on autonomous research and development, with a sustained increase in R & D investment, with R & D fees of $583 million, or 67.84 per cent of the income from autonomous products, compared to the same period in the previous year.
26.43% of the total number of eight matrices (excluding the new crown series), such as nodule products, cerebral vaccines, pneumonia vaccines, intestinal virus vaccines, etc., were distributed to 30 (of which 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine was issued on 1 September 2023 for public use).
The Department's self-research products are re-empowered; the four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine is on the market at the review stage; the frozen man's rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) has completed clinical trials: 15-price pneumococcal combination vaccine; and the two-price combination disease of Songner's diarrhea.
Five of them are in the ii phase of clinical trials, including the Hmong, the acyw 135 group brain combination vaccine, and four of them are in the stage of clinical trials in the entrails, the intestinal virus-71 life-extermination vaccine.
Recommended logic: (1) The company is a leading vaccine firm, the agent is showing a bright eye, the demand for a nine-price hpv vaccine is strong and continues to be released, driving the company's growing performance; (2) in autonomous R & D, with new products such as the company's 23-priced pneumonia vaccine
Successive approvals, with strong corporate sales power, will drive the second growth curve to contribute to the growth of performance; and (3) the company ' s overall breadth, rich and fragmented product reserves, provide sufficient impetus for the company ' s long-term sustainability.
The Medical Group introduced Hoobo-New: Master of Medicine, 10 years of experience in medicine research in the securities industry, formerly part of the pharmaceutical new wealth team.
As a member of the group, there is a long-term experience with the industry of raw materials, medical devices, and blood products. Innovative medicines, seven years of experience with biological research entities, and three years of experience with pharmaceutical research.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.