The Hpv vaccine continues to be released and continues to be delivered on the line of research and research.
The income share of proxy varieties is slightly lower than the profitability of the upgrade. The Māori ratio of 2023h1 companies is 2023h1.
Rates of sale, management costs, financial costs, R & D rates approved, 4-priced influenza vaccine in the pipeline, rabies vaccine (mrc-5 nucle) and influenza virus fission vaccine completed clinical trials, 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine, freeze
Dry people use rabies vaccine (vero cell), two-price combination vaccine for Songner's dysentery, acyw 135 cerebral combination vaccine in clinical iii, group iii vaccine in clinical trial preparation, four-price re-programming clinical trials for the virus vaccine (Breath of yeast)
The internationalization of vaccines continues to progress. The company has more than 3,400 \triangleright-sized market teams covering 31 provinces, more than 2600 districts and more than 30,000 bases.
In July 23, the company signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Indonesian company, ptbiofarma, on the international market for the new nodule bacterium vaccine product, developed by the wise-flying dragoncoma.
Four-priced cerebral glucose vaccine has been registered in Uzbekistan and is actively promoting more production.
The risk is that the product will not be developed to the extent expected, the risk of increased competition in the market, and the sale of the product \triangleright.
The team of sellers worked for more than nine years and was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, who worked clinically at ppccchán and paraexel, joined the Sinda securities in 2021 and was responsible for the cxo industry study.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
She is a member of the team, a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, and a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University. She has two years of experience in securities. She joined the firm in 2022 and is responsible for research in medicine equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
CHO Jialine, team member, Master of Quantities in Economics, Linnan College, Nakayama University, 2 years of research experience in the pharmaceutical biology industry, served on the Fangzheng securities, 2023 joined the Sindam securities, in charge of research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc. Zhang Jong-tao, team member, Master of International Investment Finance, University of China and South China, 1 year of research experience in the pharmaceutical biology industry, cpa (professional phase), worked in the field of medical biology, cpa
In 2023, they joined the CVM, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical businesses, and pharmacies, and vaccines. Part of it is not, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.