IQB (300122.sz) Agent product harvests increased by 41 per cent in the same year and improved performance loops in the second quarter.
(b) The autonomous product generated $860 million (over the same period - 48.4 per cent), which is expected to result in a higher base, mainly due to the fact that some of the proceeds from the sale of new crown vaccines are still available during the same period of the previous year.
Corporate cost rates have continued to improve with the scale effect of the increase in the scale of sales (ibid. +0.05 pct). At the clinical stage, of this, 23 priced multi-sugar vaccine and 4-price influenza vaccine were submitted for production, 2-per-cent received ph3 clinical summary reports, and 15-priced vaccine combinations of pneumonia were in the post-clinic phase.
In the interim, the pipeline is gradually entering the harvest period. Investment proposal: the company agent product collection is maintained at a faster rate, renewed with the new agent agreement with Mercerton, " Smart Flying Organisms (300122.sz) 2022 " : high rate of agent varieties, off.
The duration of the agreement was three and a half years, and the agreed base purchase amounted to $101 billion; the autonomous product ec diagnostics, "Twisdom Flying Organisms (300122.sz) - renewal of the agreement with the Mercado Agency, basic reagents are included in the national health insurance catalogue, and the “ec+miccard” nodule product matrix is expected to provide synergy;
"In the light of the high growth of proxy products, the new priced multi-sugar vaccine and the four-priced influenza vaccine have been declared, and many of the research products have been clinically summarized."
Or at a later stage in the clinical phase, the R & D pipeline is about to harvest. We maintain the earlier profit forecast, the lead + agent, which is a two-way drive, and the firm's performance is growing fast.
The equivalent amounts are 11/10/9x, with a “buy-in” rating maintained; 11.17 billion yuan/13.27 billion yuan per annum + 26.4 per cent/+39.5 per cent per annum; 6.27 million (+28.5 per cent per annum) and 14,680,000 (+57.9 per cent per annum) respectively for net maternal cancer vaccine; and 5
The revenue from proxy products has been growing faster with the issuance of 6.6 million batches (+35.6 per cent over the same period), and autonomous products: 860 million yuan (-48.4 per cent over the same period) are expected to be higher, mainly due to the fact that a portion of the proceeds from the sale of new crown vaccines is still available during the same period of the previous year.
Figure 2: Revenues and accelerations from the single season (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Māori rates and net interest rates have declined from previous years ' levels and cost rates have improved. 2023h1 Māori is 29.6% +0.05pc) and the cost of the company has continued to improve with the scale effect of the increase in the scale of sales.
The value of the agreed base purchase between the second half of the year and the end of 2026 amounted to $101 billion; the base purchase amount could be adjusted in consultation, taking into account the 4/9-priced hpv vaccine and the five-priced rota disease in the company agent variety.
The demand for end-uses, such as poison vaccines, is high, with actual purchases in 2021 and 2022 floating on the basis of the agreed base purchase amounts of 43 per cent and 75 per cent, respectively, and it is expected that actual purchases in the future may still be higher than agreed base purchases The company currently has 30 autonomous R & D pipelines (excluding the new crown series), of which 17 are in clinical stages
Currently, 23-priced multi-sugar and four-priced influenza vaccines have been submitted for production, ph3 clinical summary reports have been obtained for double-body larvae, multiple varieties such as 15-priced pneumonia combined vaccine are in a state of advanced clinical stages, pipelines are gradually being phased in, investment is recommended: more rapid growth in corporate agency harvests, renewal of site agreement with the new agency in Mercado, and agreement.
The duration of the meeting was three and a half years, with an agreed base purchase value of $101 billion; the autonomous product ec diagnostic reagents were entered into the national health insurance catalogue and the “ec+mica” nodule product matrix was expected to be synergistic; 23-priced pneumonia multi-sugar vaccine and 4-priced influenza vaccine were declared, and many of the products under study had been clinically summarized or were in a state of advanced clinical stages.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.