The share of stone scrubbers has risen rapidly, and is expected to become the second growth curve.
In February 2025, the share of stone brand washing machine goods rose rapidly to the third most important pillar of the industry, making it another important pillar of inward sales revenue. We believe that the company’s more aggressive product and marketing strategy is gradually working in land washing machine goods, while the branding effect of land-cleaning machine goods is expanding to other new products, and the company’s revenue is rising steadily.
We've been able to improve the valuation of the poles that apply to the ai+ robotic technology to the end of c. We've been maintaining a profit-making rate of increasing the share of stone scrubbers and becoming the second-growth curve of the company. New items have continued to expand the price belt.
The market for sales on the land washing line of the monthly stone brand is 13.1%, which is a further reduction in the gap between adding up/recovering the two-hull (with a score of 37.1%/22.2%), while the share of proceeds from the sale of land washing products throughout the year 2024 is estimated at around 10%, becoming another important pillar of the sale.
For hot water washing, steam washing, super thin lie-down, super-sweeting and sewage tank reodoration, they have a different competitive advantage than the competition; a 30 series of post-issuance stones at 1500-2000, third/second. In March 2025, the company continued to issue new products, a30prosteam/a30bure, at a price of $130 respectively.
We look forward to the company’s stabilization of the price base, expanding to a wider consumer and increasing brand share. The success of the land washing machine is driven by a more aggressive strategy of brand re-use and re-entry to other product groups.
We believe that the reason for the better performance of the company ' s landwashing business, or because of the restructuring of the company ' s organizational structure, is the adoption of more aggressive product and marketing strategies, including improved product price bands, differentiated product creation, rich marketing channels, increased branding and flow inputs.
With more active products and marketing strategies, companies fully revert to brand power, distribution channels and smart clean technologies to achieve high-quality landwashing revenue of 2024q4 - company information updates
In terms of profitability, it is expected that the scale of the new class will continue to decrease costs and achieve a sustained increase in the gross/net interest rate through scale efficiency, technology reduction, etc. We believe that the continued increase in the share of the machine class will reflect the company’s long-term growth in the production, branding and production of machine sweeps.
"Ai Robots + Consumption (1): Stone Mechanics are built to develop a copying capability for new products, and it is expected that the company will be able to successfully copy to the washing machine and to open an appointment for new arms.
More new products, gradually growing into multi-protocol household power giants supported by bottom-level technology and brand power. Labels for downstream applications of robotic technology - company depth report 2025.2.17
"Ces show release of saros series of new products, kick-starting ground cleaning machine innovation era -- company update report " .1 The share of stone scrubbers continues to rise and is expected to become the company ' s second growth curve
In February 2025, the market for sales on the stone-marked landwasher line accounted for only 13.1% of sales, further narrowing the gap between the additions/recoverings (37.1%/22.2%, respectively) and the collection of land-washing machine products throughout the year 2024, which is expected to be around 10%, gradually becoming a further increase in sales.
The reasons for the better performance may include the spilling of land sweeper brand power to new product categories, and the restructuring of the corporate structure, which has led to the adoption of more aggressive product and marketing strategies, including improved product price bands, differentiated product-making power, rich marketing channels, increased branding and flow inputs.
Land washers are better suited to the hard ground of Chinese families, better address the need for “cleaning + tow” and are expected to operate in complementary ways with the cleaning machine class for differentiated populations and clean areas, while the space is still wide, both within and outside the country; when the former stone is already the world's number one, the company is expected to fully revert to branding, marketing channels and
In terms of profitability, we see a gradual increase in the size of the new product group and a constant increase in the gross/net interest rate through a modulus effect.
We believe that the continued increase in the share of the machine-cleaning class is either a reflection of the company’s ability to replicate new products after long-term cultivation and construction of the machine’s product, product, and brand power. Keep in mind that the company will continue to recover successfully to the washing machine, and continue to explore more new items.
2. Land-washing opportunities correspond to the needs of Chinese households. Industry still has hundreds of billions of multi-purpose equipment, land-washing machines that clean hard surfaces, with better advantages in dry and wet mixes of garbage and cleaning power.
Land washing machines are multifunctional, specialized and rigid surface clean-up equipment for efficient cleaning and sewage recovery operations. Once set up, the ground washing system automatically transports water and detergents to the brush area, rotates through the high speed of the brushes and removes the dirt from the ground under mechanical forces. At the same time, vacuum electric machines operate in the inner form of the sewage container.
As a result, the surface is completely clean and the surface is restored to its original light. Depending on the driving mode, the washing machine can be divided into three categories: semi-automatic, fully automated and hand-propelled; the power supply mode, divided into wire and battery; and the operational form.
It can also be divided into hand-drives and driving, which are often used in commercial scenes. Figure 1: Landwashers are multifunctional professional equipment for rigid surface clean-up and are used for efficient cleaning and sewage recovery operations
China’s households are dominated by tiles and wood floors with hard floors. In traditional ground cleaning methods, drag-down processes are cumbersome and costly in terms of manpower and time costs, and users have direct contact with stains during the operation. In addition, tows, there is a health hazard.
The long-term position of bending to knees can cause damage to key parts of the body, such as the spine. According to the White Paper entitled " Trends in Robotic Technology for Land-Assisting and Land-Assisting Households in China " , published by the irobot joint, more than 60% of our households drag over 20 minutes a time.
A variety of functions, such as cleaning, have built a complete clean-up closed ring, users do not have to touch the stains directly at all, and significantly simplify the clean-up process to effectively ease the household clean-up burden. Land washing machines are more powerful than other cleaning tools in terms of dry, wet and mixed garbage and cleaning effort.
Not only can vacuum cleaners and scrubbers not only handle dry waste efficiently, but can also cope properly with wet waste; compared to single-function electric mops with limited cleanness, the washing machines are more diverse and efficient and fully fit the consumer's needs for ground-based diversity: the scrubbers are more vacuuming than steam mops and do not need to be manually cleaned up;
Compared to a sweeper robot, the washing machine is much cleaner, with the possibility of carrying out a brushing operation on its own against persistent stains, rather than relying solely on sorbency, and with greater flexibility when cleaning complex areas such as edges. The pattern of washing machine products emerged for the first time in 2016, followed by a rapid increase in penetration.
For the first time, the Chandungi team introduced the first wireless dry-wet scrubber (Fouwan series) to replace the traditional broom + mop cleaning method by integrating dust-squeezing, ground-washing, and ground-trawling functions. Since the product is not fully polished, the introduction of the Fwan 1.0 smart scrubbing machine on the first line has led to a significant improvement in the product experience.
In the face of the epidemic, household isolation is a pressing need for cleanliness, facilitated by multiple factors, such as short video and live tape, the growth of land washing machines has been increasing. The volume of sales in the industry has increased from about 100 million yuan in 2019 to 141 billion yuan in 2024, with an annual compound growth rate of about 192 per cent.
Viewed from upstream and downstream from the landwasher industrial chain: (1) Upstream, mainly, provides the various components needed for the landwasher, machines, batteries, cables, plastics, water tanks, etc. For example, high-performance electric machines provide power for the land washer and high-quality batteries guarantee continuity. (2) Intruding is mainly composed of the land washer ' s odm/oem manufacturer and core producer.
Supply chain integration, process-wide production management, including coverage of industrial designs (e.g., human engineering holding structures), hardware production (recording, assembly, etc.), software calibration (intelligence system calibration) and product control testing. (3) Downstreams are mainly branders, product developers, brand promotion and marketing.
Groundwashers are sold to consumers, online channels such as Skycats, Kyundong, shattering, etc., as the main outlets, with 62.3 per cent of sales on line 2024, and official direct stores, supermarkets, home stalls, etc. 2.2. The landwashing industry still has large market space, both within and outside the sea.
During the period 2019-2024, the market for landwashers increased both in terms of sales and sales. Sales grew from $100 million in 2019, with sales of landwashers dominated by online channels, accounting for more than 60% of sales in 2024.
In 2024, sales rose by 37.7 per cent, compared to 24.9 pcts in 2019. By looking at the size of the vacuum cleaner, the global market was about $13.6 billion, representing a volume increase.
The volume of sales increased from $4.67 billion in 2010 to about 7.0% in 2024, and the volume of composites grew by about 4.4%.
Clean features have been widely used in commerce, industry, etc., as tools for routine cleaning, and household coverage has been rising. In emerging markets, demand for efficient clean products such as land washing machines has begun to grow rapidly, as the standard of living of residents rises and the quality of goods is being pursued.
Countries and regions like Eastern Europe are emerging as new market growth points. From a competitive pattern, the market on the internal market is playing a double role, but the share of stones is rising rapidly to three, and the industry is expected to be reshaped.
The share has been raised to 13.1 per cent, further to the second track (22.2 per cent), the first one (37.1 per cent)3 and under branding spillovers, more active products and marketing strategies, the volume of stone washing machines has gradually increased and the second growth curve continues to be built.
We believe that the reasons for the rapid increase in the share of the stone scrubbers are the following: (i) the spilling of brands and the increased demand from the original purchasers for the use of the machine products: (ii) the company has adopted a more active product strategy, including product-building and widening the price belts for the pain spots of the population, and a new series of washing machines.
Since the second half of 2024, companies have been more active in marketing strategies, including more branding, more intense channel flow, more dollar distribution channels layout, and so on. Stone sweepers have developed stronger brand power and are expected to spill to other products.
At the 2024 Global Launch of Stone Technology, the world’s leading research agency, Ernst International, announced that stone technology was the world’s largest in sales of robotics. According to Chnbrand, for the third year in a row, the rock became the highest-recommended customer in China’s land sweeper/landwasher industry, and for the third year in a row, it was full of customers in China’s land sweep/landwasher industry.
We believe that after many years of deep-deep farming, companies have achieved a certain amount of accumulation of brand power, with the potential to transform the consumer group into the machine-washing class. Figure 9: Stone-scanning robots have achieved the world’s highest sales.
Figure 10: For the third year in a row, rocks became the highest brand for China's land sweeper/landwasher industry.
In a more aggressive product strategy, the array of a30 series products has been continuously expanded. Since August 2021, when the company distributed the head-washer u10, the land washing machine series has been singled out as a series, followed by September 2022, ultrae. By 2024, the company’s push has started to accelerate. A20 series (a20, a20) was launched in January-February 2024.
a20pro, a20air), a30 series (a30, a30pro, a30procombo) was launched in the second half of 2024, and the highly appreciated a30 product matrix (value for money a30 sure, high end a30prostaam) was continuously expanded in January-February 2025.
As far as prices are concerned, the sales structure of the landwasher industry is gradually being divided from 1,500-2,500-plus-k, and we believe that the rock has introduced several high-quality, high-priced blasts in the 2-3-k price range, and that the product's gravity leads to natural thermal sales. For example, a30procombo, in contrast to competitions in the 2000-2500 slot, is suction, electricity, etc.
In the context of basic functional approximations such as aids, flat-beds and entanglement, the heat of the water-washing features that can only be provided by a friendly high-end machine, while laying at the lowest altitude, and also supporting the dismantling into independent vacuum cleaners, the company has actually achieved the same price quality, and from the newly released a30prostem and a30bure, the company has further expanded the price belt, and
At higher prices, a30prosteam is priced at 3299, compared to a30pro price range of 2799. New products are added to the steam-trawling pattern and are decentralized for hot water washing, while laying at the thinest and longest.
In the low-priced segment, the company introduced a30ture at a price of $1.699, 300 less than the price of a30, and then paid to $1444, with 18,000 pa in 1,000-1500 bits, electric power, 12.5 cm.
Super thin lie-down functions, as well as 3-to-the-side edges, are somewhat competitive. We believe that, in terms of product strength, companies have become competitively differentiated in the category of land-washing machinery, and are expected to develop further in a more aggressive marketing strategy.
202403 companies opened multi-channel marketing for all types of land washing machines. 20243 started, and companies increased their sales costs by 26.2 per cent over the period, increasing their sales costs by 6.8/6.6 pcts for the same/ring ratio at an absolute cost of 680 million yuan and 55/35 per cent for the same/ring ratio.
It's a wide range and a lot more varied, ranging from the internal and external flow of mainstream electric power platforms (e.g., direct advertising of links to the community of our friends in micro-Trust), to the official name of off-site grass platforms (live broadcasts, creative videos, introductions to new products, etc.), to the recommendation of the Datsu (soft implants, purchases) and the invitation of the Celebrity Star Week as a brand spokesperson for the movement.
Mobilize Huang Yajun as a landwasher recommendation officer, etc. Figure 19: The company opens a multi-channel distribution of land washer material in all its aspects.
A better transformation is possible with a multichannel of user flows. Now that the rock has gradually refined the product matrix, while the brand has built up a certain amount of volume, it is hoped that it will be better transformed under a more aggressive marketing strategy.
In March 2025, the company distributed three new pieces of p20ultra, p20plus, g30u land sweepers, allocating 7.98 cm of superb thickness to lower price segments, with a more aggressive product strategy covering $2,800-4800.
(1) The new p20ultra water tank/up-down-water version is priced at $3999/4599 and the State supplement at $3400/3910 respectively. The price is $240, but the thickness is lower (using the lds+toptof programme), more suction, and an increase in the 12n wet-pressure heat drag than the previous p20pro price.
At a low cost of $1275. Only the side brushing/dropping, flat-plate shaking/dropping, uvc UV debacterial, moping and unbundling, but the drag pressure on the ground is increased to 12 n. (2) The new p20prus water tank/up-down water version is priced at $3299/3899, respectively, and the State pays the difference between the price and the price.
Not $2805/3315. Compared to the previous premium of p20pro, the price is $255 less, and the thickness is lower (using the lds plus toptof program), increasing the heat tow function and reducing the height of the barrier (to 2 cm), and the edge to brush up and down. (3) The new product g30u water tank/up-down-water version is priced at $4999/5599, respectively, and the State supplement is priced separately.
Compared to friendly products: The company’s current new strategy is mainly to sink flagships at low prices, such as 7.98 cm body, 4 cm chassis, etc., and to continue to follow up on basic functions such as suction, hot water washing, and to continue the new thinking of “same quality, same price quality”.
In February 2025, the share of stone brand washing machine items was rapidly raised to third in the industry, becoming another important pillar of inward sales income. We believe that more aggressive corporate products and marketing strategies are gradually working in the field washing machine products.
The branding effect of land sweeps is expected to continue to expand to other new products, and support companies’ revenues are growing steadily. At the same time, companies, as pole companies that apply ai+robot technology to end-c, are expected to get their valuations up, and we maintain a profit margin (1) that does not expand as expected: Europe’s lower-line channels are stronger, especially in claims for profit margins.
Failure to agree with brand parties may affect the progress of off-line outreach. (2) Offshore demand is weak: companies account for a higher share of foreign earnings than domestic, and the uncertainty of current overseas employment, inflation and inventories may affect outward sales.
Consumers abroad are more receptive to older goods than they are in the country.