In a more aggressive product and marketing strategy, 2024q4 is over-expected.
The valuation is expected to increase and maintain a “buy-in” rating for the use of the icy robotic technology to downstream poles. According to Ovie Cloudnet and Kutsu data, 2024q4 stone areas perform: (1) inward sales: sales through the line are equal to +104 per cent, with sales markets accounting for 25.1 per cent (+2.2 pcts), maintaining the first echelons, of which 2000-3000,
Number one. (2) North America: US-Asian sales + 38%; subline channels are well under way. (3) Europe: Deya sales are equal to 38%, and underline sales are expected to recover well. (4) Asia and the Pacific: Japanese electric tool parts sales are equal to 63%.
• Profitability phasing under multiple factors, such as cut-off, tariff and saturation marketing, which is expected to stabilize at the bottom.
For example, “space sweeper”, “Dry a city”, cooperative Swedish ping-pong star Moregod,” adding a higher percentage of high-cost channels such as ocean- and sea-based boosters & tremors/Eurasian, with expected final and structural increases in sales rates; and (4) continued efforts by companies to enhance full-price layout, inter alia, both within and outside the country, and accelerated research and development and upgrading of multi-materials,
The R & D & R rate has increased. We believe that companies are willing to give up high net interest rates for better income.
With the opening of an appointment, the company is expected to become an engine of accelerated multi-type innovation, innovative and product-driven leadership, with the prospect of a sustained expansion of the moat.
Substrate companies for downstream applications of instrumentation technology Creation of mechanical arms enabling the capture and movement of objects, further development of capability boundaries, proximity to household service machines Insight Report 2025.2.17
Human form; Landwasher a30prosteam continues a30 series of highly appreciated 0-twigs, zero-deficit angles, zero load functions, and a global first double-drinking model with 150°C steam washing capable of dissolving stains and killing efficiently.
Bacteria viruses; 86°C hot water washes for the cleaning of heavy oil pollution scenes, such as kitchens. The company’s new product, the geo-innovation era – the company’s update report – is expected to expand the moat as the algorithm accumulates and improves its valuation as a sub-robots.
In the context of more aggressive product and marketing strategies, the income of 2024q4 increased as expected.
The company issued a fast-track report on its performance, and in 2024 it achieved operating income of $11.93 billion (the same as in +37.8 per cent, with a net profit of $440 million (23.3 per cent). The company ' s profits were affected by a lack of goods and tariffs, but the restructuring of the organization began to pursue a more aggressive product and marketing strategy, with revenues growing rapidly.
The region has performed well, and the end-markets have grown faster. According to Ovie Clouds and Kutsu, each of them sold: 2024 q4 + 104% on the stone line and 25.1% on the market. Figure 5: 2024 q4 + 104% on the stone line
The market share of sales is broken down by I/II/I (2) North America: 2024q4 stone-scanning machine items + 38%, and the underline channel is well established. (3) Europe: 2024q4 stone-scanning machine items + 38%, and the underline route is well restored.
(4) Asia and the Pacific: sales of spare parts of Japanese power tools in the rock sweep machine category 202404 equal to +63 per cent. Figure 8: sales of Deya in the stone sweep machine category 202404 equal to +38 per cent sustained higher revenues under the product/sales strategy. Inner sales, cumulative traffic on the land sweep line in 2025 (as at 2 per cent)
A profit-making phase under multiple factors such as cut-off, tariff and saturation marketing, 2\sqrt(phantom{a} (1) the company’s product under state heating sales has been missing continuously since the end of October and has been shipped for more than one month.
(b) Most of the products sold to the United States in the fourth quarter are subject to tariff effects: (3) Saturation marketing overlaps with the increase in the share of high tariff channels, such as domestic and external boosts & tremor/Eurasian, and are expected to be sold
(b) The major areas where costs are projected, and where we expect sales costs to be projected, include the United States of America with a high Māori rate, Europe with a rising ratio, and Europe with a lower line. In branding, recent stone planning.
There have been a number of more sophisticated marketing events, such as "space sweeper," "dry a city" and a speech with Swedish Ping-Pong star, Moregod, to consolidate the foreign advantage market. We believe that the stone is targeted at the cost, and that high-market locations like South Korea and Northern Europe are less concentrated, but spend it in highly competitive places like Germany.
In widening the price belt, rocks do not reach more people by cutting prices from old ones, but by introducing new ones with wider price bands, with current prices covering $140-1800.
The mold does not need to be remodeled, so the Māori rate can be maintained at a higher level. The introduction of low-priced grids can better cover areas under the North American line and south-west Europe, for example, US$ on January 8, 2025, with a minimum price of q5pro, sold at only US$ 139.99.
The sale price is $409.99, ranked 11th. For example, the number of Nordic central channels has exceeded 90% in Black Five, and we believe that the main reason is that the protagonist + low-priced belt product roll-out covers more consumers.
(4) Strengthening global price belt layout, multi-goods accelerated R & D and innovation, projected R & D & Management rates, and we think that companies are willing to give up high net interest rates for better income and share growth & compressed competition against space, and marketing action, and we expect that major business people will be exposed to efficient delivery & channels.
With the pace of the investment and the excellent selection of efficient channels, we expect cost efficiency in 2025 to accelerate multi-grade innovation, innovation and product leadership, and hopefully continue to expand, so that we can protect the city.
Since 2025, the company has been publishing a number of new items, including ground sweepers, land washing machines. In the field sweeper, the g30space explorer's mechanical arm is capable of extracting the item and achieving a large piece of garbage clean-up, location of the item, etc. In the process, the g30space explorer will first detect and mark it as available.
In addition to the 108 objects that can be pre-programmed, the g30space exploration version can also be driven by custom artificial intelligence.
Motion recognition techniques that enable users to define and mark up to 50 new objects in the application to achieve personalized interactive and enhanced functions. For example, large pieces of garbage clean-up and item location are achieved by predefined positions for dirty clothes, shoe racks and garbage cans, and by marking items such as slippers, paper balls, towels, etc.
Figure 11: The g30space exploration version achieves large pieces of garbage clean-up, location of items, etc. In the field washing machine, a new product, a30prostem, was released on February 25, with the first steam washing + hot water washing mode.
On the basis of the continuation of a30 series of highly appreciated 0-twigs, zero-dead angles and zero-burden functions, the world's first 150-°C steam-washing +86°C hot-water two-drinking pattern allows for high temperature decontamination of stains and the efficient elimination of bacterial viruses; hot water is suitable for heavy-oil pollution scenes, such as kitchens, which are directly washed on the ground through hot hot water and on the roller.
In addition to this, rock a30prostaam was upgraded to a 1l large water tank, a 6300mah soft battery and a 2a fast-filled flight for up to 80 minutes with steam washing mode, which is easy to satisfy. Figure 12: New product a30prostaam released on February 25, first steam washing + hot water washing mode
The company’s new products, which remain innovative and product-oriented, are expected to expand the moats as algorithms accumulate, help them increase as expected, release the world’s first mechanical arm sweeper, and become a pole company for the application of the ai robotic technology to the downstream, with an expectation that the valuation will increase and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The sale of new products has fallen short of expectations, geopolitical fluctuations, downside risks in the macroeconomic landscape overseas, etc.