Ai Robot+Consumption (1): stone machine arm opening appointment, stone technology (688169.sh) company is expected to become a pole company for the downstream application of aai robotic technology
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) of rock technology is expected to become a consumer-type pole company with the technical capability of the ai robotics, maintaining the “buy-in” rating, and on 16 February, the rock opened up the inventory lock-in for the industry's first mechanical arm product, g30space.
We believe that the scavenging robot class is more compatible with the icy robotic technology, and that the company's innovating power continues to lead, and that the successful introduction of the industry's first mechanical arm product is expected to become a dispensary of the icy robotic technology's downstream applications, and that we are expected to make a new breakthrough in our performance under a more aggressive marketing and product strategy.
In recent years, advances in the fields of ari algorithms, sensor technology, mechanical imitation have significantly increased the intelligence of robotics, and the field of downstream applications has expanded. On February 16, rock technology opened up new mechanical arms.
On 16th of the month, the shipment was renewed at a price of $6,499 (water tank version)/6999 (up and down), and the estimated value of the State replenishment is $5,199 (water tank version)/5599 (up and down version).
OmnigripTM, equipped with precision sensors, cameras and led lamps, intelligent identification and lifting of 300 grams of objects with rated loads, and moving to pre-programming areas (e.g., bringing socks to laundry baskets, carrying paper bags to garbage cans, taking slippers to designated areas, etc.); new products have significantly improved intelligence by applying aai technology.
For example, based on multi-model sensing techniques and deep learning algorithms, coupled with transport dynamics and dynamics models that were first applied to sweep-out robots, can automatically calculate the shape of the items collected by the rgb camera and tof, choosing the best grab point for the mechanical hand. Users can also further train stoneai to identify more personalized objects, connections, etc.
We believe that, as a relatively mature group of applications in the field of home robotics, it is possible to become one of the most appropriate consumer goods after the development and ecological improvement of the robotic technology.
• As the technology deepens and improves the ecology of the icy robots, they are expected to advance to serve the home robots, which, from a technological depth, may be able to capture and reposition the weight and body by upgrading the hardware of the mechanical arm.
Larger objects, even access barriers, downstairs, etc.; it can also significantly improve intelligence through the ai-processing of sensors, such as a combination of flexible mechanical arms for the safe capture of fragile objects such as glass.
Take and organize, monitor the family environment, customize intelligence programs based on clean habits and floor state, etc.
Platform for Income Wrong Periods, Cost Forwarding Performance Phases (robot operating systems) to attract developers to develop customized functions (e.g. cooking aids, green planting conservation, pressure, watch 2024q4 for higher sales -
pet interaction, play entertainment, etc.) continuously meets user-specific needs through the “hardware plus service” eco-closed loop. Corporate Information Update Report 2024.10.31 Slightly re-arrival - Corporate Insight Report
Stone technology is expected to become a consumer-type pole company with the power of a robotic technology that recently opened a new G30space exploration appointment, becoming the first company in the business to market mechanical hand and arm products.
1.1. Rock technology opens up a new mechanical arm in the industry.g30space exploration bookings. 16 February 2015, rock opens a new mechanical arm.g30space exploration bookings.
The deposit can be pre-positioned; new items will be delivered on March 16 at a price of $6,499 (water tank version)/6999 (up and down) and expected to receive State supplement at $5,199 (water tank version)/5599 (up and down version).
g30space exploration version compared to published g30: (1) while maintaining the flat level of the product, the thickness remains at 7.98 cm, add a five-axis mechanical arm omnigripTM to the robotic mainframe, with 300 grams of objects to be raised with precision sensors, cameras and led light, and move to the pre-programming area (e.g., will)
Socks are brought to the laundry basket, paper cans are taken to the trash can, slippers are taken to the designated area, etc. (2) The suction is raised to figure 2:ai technology makes the ground sweeper more intelligent, allows the use of a more experienced g30space exploration arm to capture objects, achieves large pieces of garbage clean-up, location of items, etc.
function. During the cleaning process, the g30space exploration version first detects and marks the object it can lift (the rated load of 300 g, closes the superweight protection switch in a number of positions to capture over 1,000 g objects), then returns the missing area for a second time, raises the object and cleans the blind area, and then completes the item ' s location.
In addition to the 108 objects, the g30space exploration version also allows users to define and mark up to 50 new objects in the application through custom-made artificial intelligence-driven identification techniques to achieve personalized interaction and enhancement, for example, through pre-positioning of dirty clothes, shoe racks and garbage cans and markings such as slippers, paper troupes, towels, etc.
In the past, the global land sweep industry has evolved around “functionality”, “intelligentity” and “punching.”
The first phase, addressing the functionality of sweepers, was dominated by random products. In 1996, Ilyus released the world’s first land sweeper, Trilobite, using ultrasound for navigational avoidance;
In 2002, irobot launched a three-part clean-up structure called "Brush + Brush + Dust " , which focuses on random collision navigation. So the prototype of the "Scrubbing" function was completed, and the purchase of the irobot facilitated the first increase in penetration.
Phase two, addressing the smartness of the land sweeper, with the product progressing into a planning mode. In 2004, irobot pushed the year to launch laser/visual navigation products, but the program was not fully mature and the product performance failed to improve significantly, with bottlenecks in the penetration rate. In 2012, the industry leader, irobot, acquired the volutionrobotics.
In 2016, for the first time ever, a rock-based “michallard robot” for mill-manufacturing technology was applied to land-cleaning machine products on a large scale, significantly reducing the consumption threshold for planning-type products.
Phase three, addressing the ease of land sweepers, with the product progressing as a base station. In 2019, irobot pushed out of the industry ' s own first collection product s7+, cloud whales rolled out of the cleaning product j1, and the industry started entering the base station for generations. Since 2021, China ' s land sweeper has been running automatic underwater, full-base station, mechanical arm, and chassis lifts.
In terms of functionality, the core function of “scanning” is built around a core function, from the initial single-scave to the present, to the further development of functions that fit more scenes; in terms of intelligence, it is essentially a “robots.”
In terms of accessibility, the industry moves from “self-cleaning” to “self-assembled” to “full-scale stations” dedicated to liberating hands and raising the level of clean satisfaction.
Looking ahead, there is still room for innovation and development in the class of machine sweeps. From the product’s life cycle, the head sweeper product is now relatively mature, leading the industry from the “import period” to the “long-term” or “high-intensity” segment.
There is still some room for innovation in the future, as the first shape of smart cleaning home power. First, the smartness of floor sweeps, mainly in terms of navigation and avoidance, is now largely addressed by lower-cost solutions, but, as the “sult” of land sweepers, algorithms still require long-term data accumulation by manufacturers.
As an automated household cleaning facility, a sweep robot can reach a designated location as instructed and complete the clean-up at a designated location. Therefore, a sweeper robot needs to solve three problems in terms of its operational capability: (1) “I”
Where are we now? (2) Where do I go? (3) How do I get there? (1) Navigational technology solves the first two problems, namely, understanding where I am and where I want to be. For navigational technology, a mature package needs to include modules such as positioning, mapping, global planning, and local planning.
The slam algorithm can be divided into visual slam (visual slam, vslam) and laser slam (lidarslam, lds).
Sensors are able to sense a greater amount of environmental information, such as texture, colour, distance, shape, but are susceptible to light, motion shaking, etc.; lds are not disturbed by light intensity, but are less effective in a dynamic environment and similar geometrically linked environments (e.g. long straight corridors). The two algorithms are naturally complementary, and the sensors are performed.
Data integration can meet most environmental use requirements. Figure 7: Land sweepers usually use slam algorithms to achieve simultaneous positioning and mapping (2) to solve the third problem, i.e. to ensure smooth access to target locations.
The essence of barrier technology is that sensors measure the depth of the environment and control the machine's actions in a timely manner. As a result of the visual impact of shielding techniques on the normal use of ground sweep robots, they are the main sellers of many products.
Three broad categories of visual, structural light technology, and 3d-tof technology. While barriers can also be achieved in lds/visual navigation technologies, in order to achieve a more precise level of avoidance performance, radars currently located at the top often combine multiple sensors, such as visual + lasers, with the use of ai technology for object identification to achieve a stronger level of avoidance performance.
While there are now more sophisticated lower-cost solutions for navigation and avoidance technologies, algorithms are the ceilings where the soul is, which determine the intelligentness of the clearing machine. Optimization of algorithms and interrogatories require a great deal of data training, hard work and practical adaptation, and manufacturers have to deepen their own software barriers and eventually form product slogans and brands.
Arithmetic-intelligent lift spaces include: large model voice, precision avoidance, navigation and avoidance integration, information protection, product crash prevention, pollution identification, tactical clean-up, etc., currently far from being sufficiently intelligent.
The Amazon platform is tightly regulated, with few billings, and with a higher degree of confidence. We have selected Sku, which is the type of machine-scavening product, the first brand to sell, and, by linguistic analysis of its first 100 comments, we have found that stone technology products are more powerful overall and less negative, and are expected to lead at the algorithm end.
(1) Stone technology (s7maxvulltra/s8maxvoltra, selected link matching product): The good evaluation focuses on clean efficiency, barrier-free navigation, map-making and application functionality, but there are negative evaluations of special cleaning such as hair, blankets, etc., mainly for unupgraded s7maxvolttra.
(2) Kovos (the chosen link counterpart product is deebotozmou2): The good reviews focused on cleanness, efficiency, poor concentration of power retention, frequent malfunctioning of applications and lack of intelligence, poor performance in warranty and maintenance, noise, Caden or lost roads, etc.
(3) irobot (J7+ for the link product): good ratings focused on pet friendly, clean, accurate mapping, poor ratings focused on noise, card traps, poor clean-up performance, etc., clean-up effects (4) (x40ultra for the link product) good ratings focused on cleanness, application process
Sequencing intelligence, navigational avoidance performance, and noise control, but applications often have problems, instructions are not properly communicated to robots, and clean-up is somewhat negative. Figure 9: Stone techs 8maxvoltra has a high product power, and its main strengths include efficient cleaning and powerful applications.
Poor mapping or navigational capability (dryable clean-and-traw combined)
Runs quiet, applications well set, pet friendly.
Runs loud noise, developers auto-empte the scaffolder's navigational barriers.
Second, in terms of ease, the land sweeper is expected to further liberate its hands: (1) edge clean (no more than two clean times): (2) hair handling (reduced or even not maintained): (3) barriers (thresholds, thick carpets, etc.); (4)
Sewage from base stations is prone to odours; (5) waste is still subject to regular clean-up; (6) noise control, etc. Thirdly, functionally, additional and enhanced functions, such as machine-armed arm products, can be added to and enhanced by scavenging one, effectively widening the boundaries of the ability to sweep ground machines: (1) on components, further optimization of batteries, electric machines, etc.
Elements that have a high impact on user experience, such as brushes; (2) attempts to develop other functions, such as upgrading mechanical arms, working efficiency, adding upstairs features, etc.: (3) land washing robots that achieve a comparable effect with land washing machines: (4) multiple clean functions such as collecting and fetching clothing. (5) low space clean-up (making thin bodies while taking into account navigational barriers).
Figure 10: In terms of functionality, ground sweepers also require further development of robotic technology, widening their capability boundaries, and the possibility that ground sweep robots will continue to expand their capabilities beyond their boundaries and evolve into family-serving robots. We believe that the mechanical arms they are carrying are only the first stage of development, and that the ground sweepers will be real during this period.
The pick-up and removal function of simple barriers, such as socks, paper and slippers, solves the pains that previously had to be bypassed during the clean-up process, thus creating a clean-blind zone, and further widens the capability boundary beyond the surface cleaning function. At the same time, we judge that the mechanical arm can evolve continuously, and is expected to evolve to the second stage.
After this, with hardware optimization, the development of the ai technology and the continuous accumulation of algorithms, functions such as assistive access barriers, upstairs, etc., can be achieved, and the types of subordinate items can be further elevated to larger objects. The third phase may evolve into a robotic form of domestic service.
Mechanical arm technology requires a deeper accumulation of hardware and software technology, a proprietary layout of a mechanical arm for a head manufacturer, and a relatively mature rock technology. The new piece of the mechanical arm sweeper g30space explorer, which is currently issued by a rock, is still only 7.98 cm thick and remains flat, and on this basis is perfectly equipped with a mechanical arm.
It is possible to perform a number of simple tasks through pre-programming and custom-defined capabilities, which fully reflect the features of the collage of robotics, hardware and software, the expected high technical barriers, and certain requirements for arithmetic and hardware technology accumulation. According to the National Intellectual Property Office, the stone applied for the title “Mechanical joints, mechanical arms, and self-movement” at the end of 2022.
In addition, in late 2023, a new practical patent entitled “A mechanical arm joint, a mechanical arm and an imitation robot” was applied for, featuring the mechanical arm structure, in 2024.
In the middle of the year, two patenters applied for “clean robot control methods and clean robots” and described how the products of the ground sweeper with mechanical arms operated. Coworth also applied for two patenters for “mechanical arm systems and joint devices for their applications” in late 2022.
We believe that a relatively long build-up of land sweep technology has been made by head manufacturers, which is conducive to the sustainability of competitive advantages, long-tail manufacturers are expected to be difficult to follow, and industry concentration is expected to increase. The mechanical arm of stones is relatively advanced in their patent layout, while algorithms have some advantages and are expected to continue to advance.
In addition to the advantages of keeping the city under guard and developing better under the constant power of the icy robotic technology, 2 - Prospectives for profits and proposals for investment - corporate revenue has a more visible boost, and internal and external sales performance is concentrated on release during the two-thirteen-one-black-five period.
According to company war reports and third party data, both internal and external sales have grown faster under more active products and marketing strategies. 10,000. By region: (1) German channel gmv+38 per cent, Deya city accounts for the number 1 and 7 product maazon bestseller list top 10, core channel market over 50 per cent; (2) North American channel gmv/line gmv/gmv/
gmv +33%/+63%/+68% respectively: (3) whole/Nordic 800 + price gmv +270%/+75%/+32%, Korea electric power provider Gmv I, Singapore dual platform gmv I. According to the Intra-company sales report, the stone Ovi line was fully accessible in 2024 during the 2/11 period (10.7-11.3)
In the end of October, the floor sweeper p20pro received the October land sweeper gold list & hot top1 and the a30pro was sold to the land washing machine.
z1 received Top2 (10.7-11.3), in the 12kg washing machine class; (2) Skycat: washing machine + 408%, market net sales list (10.14-11.11) & shop list Top1 & floorwasher name list Top 3; (3) shivering: floor sweeper + 105%, floor washing machine + 2532%, washing machine + 12672%.
We expect the company gmv to grow faster under a more aggressive marketing and product strategy, taking into account figure 13: the company ' s domestic and foreign war reports show that gmv is growing faster, and we believe that the reason for the faster growth in revenue is mainly due to more aggressive strategies, including higher spending.
In terms of spending, the main areas where we expect the cost of selling channels to be spent include the US at a high Māori rate, the Euro-Asian with a rising share, and the European under-line channel. In terms of branding, recent rock planning.
There have been a number of more sophisticated marketing events, such as "space sweeper," "dry a city" and a speech with Swedish Ping-Pong star, Moregod, to consolidate the foreign advantage market. We believe that the stone is targeted at the cost, and that high-market locations like South Korea and Northern Europe are less concentrated, but spend it in highly competitive places like Germany.
Mostly, it seeks to achieve higher cost-investment efficiency. Figure 15: Companies have recently increased their costs, with more marketing moves out of the loop.
Introduction of new products with a wider price band, with a current price of $140-1800. With the addition and deletion of old models, low-end newer products need not be remodeled, so the Māori rate can be maintained at a higher level. Introduction of low-priced segment products can better cover areas such as the North American Line and South-West Europe.
After more than 90%, we believe that the main reason is that more than 30% of low-priced belt products have been introduced, further entrenching the company’s position as a land sweeper, and continuously raising brand power. Two quarters of saturation marketing, which we expect to be the result of a major business people’s search for efficient delivery – channels.
With business people gaining control of the pace of delivery and optimising for efficient delivery channels, we expect that on February 16th, in 2025, the rock will open a new g30space exploration version of the book-locking reservation, and the first mechanical arm product of the robotic industry will be officially marketed. We believe that the scavenging robot class is more compatible with the i-robot technology.
And the company’s innovation continues to lead and successfully rolls out its first-ever mechanical arm product, promising to become a cyborg, technology-enabling consumer-type pole company with a more aggressive marketing and product strategy, and is expected to achieve performance (1) less than expected: Europe’s lower-line channel is stronger, especially on the demand for profit margins.
Failure to agree with brand parties may affect the progress of off-line outreach. (2) Offshore demand is weak: companies have a higher share of foreign earnings than domestic, and the current situation of overseas employment, inflation and inventories are uncertain and may affect outsourcing.
Consumers abroad are more receptive to older goods than they are in the country.