The company is now focusing on upgrading its industrial advantages: 1) company listing in 2020, and net profit return in that year.
In 2023, irobot, Kovos, stone sweeper sales were 3.03 million, 2.84 million, 2.6 million, respectively. 3) By the third quarter of 2024, rock competition strategies were more focused on increasing market share. Concrete measures include: increased marketing inputs in China; and taking responsibility in the United States.
Tax costs do not raise the price of products; in Europe, on the one hand, prices are lower and on the other hand, the proportion of direct sales is significantly higher, and these factors together led to a fall in profit margins. In 2024, companies collected $11.9 billion, an increase of 37.8% over the same period, and we expect the revenues and sales of stone sweepers in 2024 to be in place.
From an industrial perspective, the company ' s strategic choice is sensible: 1) While some investors are confused about the decline in public profits, given the stage of industrial development, the user experience of the sweeper has matured and entered the growth phase of the long-term penetration increase. In this context, the seizure takes place.
At first, the company’s profitability will be maintained at levels similar to that of the fourth quarter of 2024, while market share will grow rapidly until it is clearly ahead of second place. If the current strategy continues, the company is expected to take the lead in the market share of sweep robots in China, Europe, and the United States.
The state stimulates demand elasticity, and companies continue to take the lead in technology: 1) Scrubbing robots are widely incorporated by governments in subsidy programs such as smart households, home houses, etc. 4q2024 markets have experienced an explosive growth or even a breakdown of goods according to Oviii, as product experiences are less mature and household penetration rates are lower.
Cloudnet avc push totals, 4q2024 land sweeper retailing increased by 46.2% over the same period; a monthly monitoring of vc shows a 72.3% increase over January-February 2025 and a 24.7% increase over the 3.4 percentage points over the same period in the company ' s land sweeper.
The share was 11.8 per cent, an increase of 7.4 percentage points in the same year. 3) The company continues to make steady progress in product innovation, keeping ahead, such as the introduction of the two-arm mop module, the chassis lift and down function, etc.; the rock in 2025, the g30space, is a land sweeper with a simulator on the first market.
So, we maintain a “recommended” rating for companies. Companies are now focused on upgrading their industrial advantages: 1) company listing in 2020, with a 30.2% return net profit in the year, but for lack.
In 2023, irobot, Kovos, stone sweepers were sold for 3.03 million, 2.84 million and 2.6 million. 3) By the third quarter of 2024, the rock’s competitive strategy was to increase market share. Concrete measures include increasing marketing inputs in China; bearing tariff costs in the United States without raising the price of products; on the European side.
On the other hand, a sharp increase in direct sales has led to a decline in profit rates. In 2024, rock harvests reached $11.9 billion, an increase of 37.8 per cent over the previous year. We expect that the revenues and sales of stone sweeps in 2024 will be the highest in the world. From an industrial point of view, the company ' s strategic choices are sensible.) Based on the company ' s performance, the harvest is expected to take place in 2024.
The decline in profit margins is confusing, but given the stage of industrial development, the experience of the users of land sweeps has matured and has reached a stage of growth with a long-term increase in penetration. In this context, capturing market shares and achieving economies of scale is a strategy commonly adopted by the industry.
The first share of the robotic market is accounted for by the net annual return profits of companies and the rate of increase in the same year.
Increase in share, increasing Māori penetration, smooth marketing of high Māori products for current companies to increase marketing inputs and expand sunk markets, 0.49 per cent, R & D costs 8.90 per cent, mainly due to the company's increased market outreach and product R & D costs, sales costs and R & D costs, which are driven by old and new policies
In the second half of 2024, following the introduction of the large-scale national consumption stimulus policy, the worst point of consumption was reached. In 2025, the consumer subsidy policy continued, continued to stimulate massively, and laid the basis for a shift in consumption. On 24 July 2024, the National Development Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance issued a report entitled " Strengthening support for large-scale equipment upgrading and consumer goods " .
Some of the new measures are described in the report, which combines about $300 billion in extra-permanent state debt to support large-scale equipment and new and new consumer goods for the old. The consumer goods subsidy includes $150 billion in household electricity for the old, cars for the old, new homes for the new, renovations for the old, kitchen guards for the wise, homes for the old. The funds are distributed to various locations, according to the characteristics of the industry.
In the market as a whole, the total number of electricity companies in 2024 amounted to $103.7 billion, breaking 100 billion for the first time, an increase of 12.30% over the previous decade, which was the most rapid. In terms of policy effectiveness, the boost to household electricity consumption from the old subsidies was significant, with a 29.95% increase from September to December, when the subsidies landed.
According to Ministry of Commerce data, in 2024, more than 62 million items were sold for the new eight major household electricity products, which directly boosted consumption by nearly $270 billion. In addition, subsidies significantly reduced the medium- and high-end purchase threshold for household electricity products, effectively spurred a new upgrading of household electricity products, led to an optimal market structure, and fully benefited head enterprises, with a view to increasing their size.
According to the Ministry of Commerce, as at 5 March, the country had received over 310,000 applications for the end-of-life replacement subsidy in 2025 and over 700,000 applications for the replacement subsidy.
More than 9.4 million consumers buy 12 major types of household electricity to replace 12 million old products, and more than 34 million consumers have applied for new subsidies for digital products, including over 42 million mobile phones. Given the single-month situation, January was affected by spring holidays and logistics, with insufficient consumer release, and household electricity sales are expected to resume in February.
Reverses. Avc surveillance data show that in January 2025 my country's retail sales on the wire (excluding 3c), zero sales fell by 12.0 per cent and 11.1 per cent, respectively, below-line retail sales by 11.7 per cent and 9.1 per cent, respectively, as a result of a monthly delay in spring compared to the same period last year.
A return to normality under policy pull and a positive growth on a lower base is expected. Figure 10: Domestic electricity retailing (millions of yuan) 2024h10holi
Sales in the cleaning appliances sector increased at a remarkable rate in 2024, and the recovery in consumption was evident in the old-changed pull-up. Avc monitoring data show that China’s cleaning appliances sector sold 42.3 billion yuan in 2024, making it the sixth largest electric class, an increase of 24.4 per cent compared to the 2023 year-on-year increase.
While cleaning appliances are not in the category of “State Supplements”, most local governments have included cleaning appliances in the subsidy range. Prior to the issuance of the policy, retail sales of cleaning appliances increased by 11.0 per cent in January-September and rapidly increased to 46.2 per cent in October-December.
According to the subcategory, vacuum cleaners stopped falling and warmed back, and the price of land washing machines continued to compete, making ground sweep robots the category that benefited most from State replenishment. According to the Ovi Clouds avc data, the total size of sweep robots reached 19.36 billion yuan in 2024, an increase of 41.1% over the same year, with an average price increase of 7.2%, and benefited mainly from the following factors: 1) local governments have included ground sweep robots in the subsidy range, thus wiping them up.
Land robots have the highest policy coverage. 2) Land sweepers have higher unit prices, consumer sensitivity to prices, higher discounts after subsidies, and have a significant impact on consumption. In land washing, the dividends of the product cycle have been reduced, competition in the industry has increased, manufacturers have been renovating and lowering prices, the market has been stopped after a large and continuous decline in washing machines, and policy incentives have been added to the new channels of social utilities, with sales increasing by 11.0 per cent year-on-year.
From a one-month perspective, retail sales on the land sweeper line in February 2025 amounted to $1,071 million, a significant increase of 169 per cent over the same period, mainly for the benefit of the State supplementation and the widening of the product category, and the threshold for the purchase of land sweepers was significantly lower than in the same period in 2024, with the market showing a positive increase in volume prices. Of this amount, retail sales on the rock sweep line were estimated at $279 million, a significant increase of 216.3 per cent over the same period.
There are high barriers and high brand concentration in the robotics industry, and head branding will be more fully replenished. According to Ovi Clouds, the total concentration of top5 brands in the land sweep industry reached 93.6% in 2024, the washing of land washing machines increased and the longtails gradually cleared up, but it is difficult to say that the pattern is optimal.
In 2024, the market share of stone technology was 25.1%, an increase of 1.2 percentage points over 2023, and the gap between Coworth (25.5% over 2024). With respect to land washing machines, retail sales on the stone washing machine rose rapidly to 13% in October of that year, as compared to the 11th-time boost, and as of February of 2025.
At this level, it is expected that the company ' s share of the same market will increase in 2024 if the momentum continues. Figure 17: Retailing patterns on land sweep robot lines (accumulative annual sales calibre) Figure 18: Retail patterns on landwashers lines (accumulative annual sales calibre)
Figure 19: Retailing patterns on land sweep robot lines (minimum sales caliber) have continued to expand the market share of companies, and the profit margin is expected to stabilize in 2026, with companies expected to re-enter a period of rapid income and profit growth in 2026. Therefore, we maintain a “recommended” rating of companies.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.