"Ces show release of saros" series of novels, launch of a "buy-in" rating, launch of a "saros" series of novels by the Stone Technology (688169.sh) & Ces exhibition.
On 7 January 2025, the company launched the saros series z70, 10 and 10r at the North American ces exhibition, using a new series of names on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the company, in which sarosz70 carried a mechanical arm that was foldable into the airframe and was able to capture and return the object, opening the door to a home-service robot.
A new era. We think that corporate innovation is strong, and that it is expected to continue to pull up its share and expand its brand voice under a more aggressive product and marketing strategy. Considering the income recognition rhythm, we adjust the profit forecast, and it is expected that the new sarosz 70 will carry a mechanical arm that will be innovative enough to achieve the removal and repositioning of barriers.
Saloz70 corresponds to the domestic g30space, saros10 corresponds to the domestic g30, saros10r corresponds to the national g20sultra published in 2024. By contrast to the new item, saros10 compares to the domestic release of saros 10r: (1) the dingette mop is replaced with a flat board mop, so the mop extension program is changed to normal
In addition to this, the remaining parameters are consistent with saros 10, such as bottom lift, entanglement system, and master brush, edge brush and mop three-litre system.
While maintaining the flat level of the product, the thickness remains at 7.98 cm, a new five-axis mechanical arm omnigriptm is added to the robotic mainframe, capable of identifying and lifting 300 grams of objects with precision sensors, cameras and led lamps, and moving to the pre-programming area (e.g., bringing socks to the laundry basket and garbage to the platinum).
Pills, to bring slippers to the designated area, etc.); (2) suction to 2200pa, with the remaining parameters identical. Quasi robots are still expected to continue to expand beyond their capabilities and evolve into home-serving robots.
The ability to pick up and remove simple barriers, such as socks, paper canisters and slippers, solves the pains that need to be bypassed in the course of cleaning the barrier, thus creating a clean and blind area, and further widens the power boundary of the product. At the same time, we judge that mechanical arms can be accompanied by hardware optimization, ai technology development, and algorithms.
"Income error, cost front performance phase, continuous evolution, gradual realization of functions such as the aid barrier, downstairs, and the species of the subordinated items will be further elevated to weight and size, and eventually may evolve into a robotic form of domestic service.
Type. Mechanical arm technology requires a deeper accumulation of hardware and software technology, and based on the mechanical arm patent layout of the head manufacturer, company update report 2024.10.31. At the end of 2022, the stone applied for a total of 16 robot arm-related patents, leading the lead in the head manufacturer.
We believe that the current head company has made a longer build-up of land sweeper technology, and that the long-tailer company is expected to re-engage.
It is difficult to follow up and is conducive to the continued competitive advantage of head producers and to the sustained increase in industry concentration.
On 7 January 2025, stone technology launched a new sarosz70 with mechanical arms, corresponding to the home country of g30, saros10r, to the home country of g20sultra.
Figure 1: The shape of the stone-tech main stand is dominated by technical elements. From a functional point of view, saros10 compares to the national release of g20sultra: (1) the double disc mop is replaced by a flat plate vibrating mop, so that the scalable drag sheet expanses function can be converted to a normal extremity disc little mop; (2) the embedding mode
The laser radar programme has been replaced by an inflatable laser radar programme; and (3) the desorption has been increased to 22,000 pa. Figure 2: The saros 10/10r demonstration area at the ces exposition is dedicated to sarosz70 compared to saros10: (1) while maintaining the flat level of the product, the thickness remains at 7.98 cm.
Add a new five-axis mechanical arm omnigriptm in the robotic mainframe, which can be supported by precision sensors, cameras and led lamps with 300 grams of objects, and move to the pre-programming area (e.g., bring socks to the laundry basket, take garbage to the trash can, take slippers to the designated area, etc.). (2) Sorbency up to 2200pa.
Figure 3: The top stream of sarosz at the ces fair is high, with the largest demonstration area, and we think that in this ces show, the new product of the rock sweeper is still leading, in which the machine, the arm arm function is expected to open up another larger technological leap from the random impact to the lds, leading the industry.
We believe that, with the accumulation and development of hard software technology, head-makers like stone, ground-cleaning robots can eventually evolve into the ultimate home-serving robotic form. The sarosz 70 arm is capable of capturing objects of no more than 300 g, large pieces of garbage clean-up, and stuff.
During cleaning, sarosz70 first detects and marks the object that it can lift, then returns the missing area for a second time, lifts the object up and cleans the blind area and then completes the item. In addition to the 108 objects that can be pre-programmed, sarosz70 can also be identified by customally driven artificial intelligence.
Allows users to define and mark up to 50 new objects in the application to achieve personalized interaction and empowerment. For example, large pieces of garbage clean-up and itemization are achieved by predefined positions for dirty clothes, shoe racks and garbage cans, and by marking items such as slippers, paper balls, towels, etc.
We believe that the machine arms currently carried by the machine are only the first stage of development. During this period, the machine can provide the ability to pick up and remove simple barriers such as socks, paper and slippers, and solve the problems that it used to do during the cleaning process.
In the meantime, we have judged that the mechanical arm can evolve over time, and that it is expected to evolve to the second stage, along with hardware optimization, the development of the ai technology and the continued accumulation of algorithms, which can lead to such things as assistive access barriers, upwards, etc.
The third phase may evolve into a home-serving robotic form. Mechanical arm technology requires a deeper accumulation of hardware and software technology, and head manufacturers have a mechanical arm patent layout.
Rocks are relatively mature. The mechanical arm sweeper, the new sarosz 70, is still only 7.98 cm thick and remains flat and, on that basis, is perfect enough to perform a number of simple tasks through pre-programming and custom-defined capabilities, fully reflecting the combination of robotic hardware and hardware.
According to the National Intellectual Property Office, at the end of 2022, the stone applied for a new, practical patent/inventive patent entitled “Mechanical joints, mechanical arms and self-movement clean-up equipment” for a total of 16, detailing the application of folding mechanical arms.
In addition, in late 2023, the search applied for a patenter named “A Mechanical arm joint,” a year-long application for the “Clean Robotic Control Method and Clean Robotic” invention, which described the method of operating the machine products with mechanical arms. Kovos also applied for the “Mechanical arm system and” at the end of 2022.
Two of the patentees, the joints used by them. We believe that the current build-up of long-term land-cleaning technology by head manufacturers, which is expected to be difficult to follow, is conducive to the continued competitive advantage of head manufacturers and to the sustained increase in industrial concentration.
Corporate revenue has a relatively significant boost, with internal and external sales performance concentrated on release during a double 11/black five, and company war reports and third party data show faster growth in both internal and external sales under more active products and marketing strategies.
The best-selling product listtop10, with a core channel market share of over 50 per cent; (2) the North American regional channel gmv/online gmv/ Official Business Town gmv + 330/+63/+68 per cent, respectively: (3) Northern Europe as a whole/Nord 800+ Price paragraph gmv +270/+75/+32 per cent, Korea Electric Power Vendors annual gmv first, Singapore dual platform gmv first.
According to the company sales report, in 2024, the entire channel on the Stone Owi line was the cleaning appliances brand, Top1, and the washing machine, Black Horse, Top1.
Land sweeper p20Pro received October floor sweeper gold list & hot sales list Top1, a30pro landwasher new sales to Top1, z1 to Top 2 (10.7-11.3) in 12 kg washing machine class; (2) Skycat: washing machine + 408%, floor sweep net sales list (10.14-11.11) & store rolls to Top1, landwasher brand to Top 3; (3) Voice: floor sweeper
+105%, Landwashers + 2532%, Laundries + 12672%. 30 December - 22 December, the sales on the stone sweeper line were equal to +106%, the volume/price was equal to +106%/+0.05%, and the sales on the landwasher line were equal to +236%, the volume/value being equal to +292% - 14% respectively.
We expect the company gmv to grow faster under a more aggressive marketing and product strategy, considering that we believe that the reason for the faster growth in revenue is mainly a more active strategy, both in terms of higher cost spending and widening the product price belt.
In terms of spending, the major areas where we expect the channel sales costs to be spent include the United States at a high Māori rate, the Asia-Pacific region at a rising ratio, and the European under-line channel. In terms of branding, recent stones have planned more sophisticated marketing events, such as “space sweeper”, “a dry city” and so on.
Swedish Ping-Pong star Moregod spoke in favour of consolidating the foreign advantage market. We believe that the stone is targeted at the cost, and that high-market locations such as South Korea and Northern Europe are less concentrated, but spend more in highly competitive places such as Germany ... trying to achieve higher cost efficiency.
In terms of widening the price belt, the stone does not cover more people by cutting prices from old ones, but by introducing new ones with a wider price band, the current price covers $140-1800. The low-end newer models add and delete functions without having to be remodeled, so the Māori rate can be maintained at a higher level.
In the case of US dollars on January 8, 2025, the lowest price was q5pro, sold at only US$ 139.99. In addition, the price of q5max + sold was US$409.99, ranking 11th in the case of North America.
More than 30%, further entrenching the company’s position as a land sweeper, and continuously raising brand power. Two quarters of saturation marketing, we expect, is the result of a major business people’s saturation of efficient delivery – channels.
With business people gaining control of the pace of investment and opting for a more efficient channel of delivery, we expect the cost in 2025 to be strong in corporate innovation, promising to keep up the share of more active products and marketing strategies, raise the volume of brands, expand the volume of brands, take into account the pace of revenue recognition, and adjust the profit forecast, which is expected to be 2024-2026.
The sale of new products has fallen short of expectations, geopolitical fluctuations, downside risks in the macroeconomic landscape overseas, etc.