"Nategang Junan" (601211): "Standing in steady search for breakthroughs, marketization, etc.) "In mid-2021,
The company is a long-term, sustained, full-fledged and leading financial service provider for the Chinese securities industry.
Clients are central to the Chinese market, deducting futures payable bonds for individuals and institutions, which is 3.7 times higher than at the end of 2020. Clients provide a variety of financial services and establish a full range of lines.
During many years of innovative development, King-Ann has evolved into a business based on excellence. During the reporting period, the warmth of markets and the disposition of Shanghai securities led to rapid growth in the company’s business performance.
Culture has become a leader in China’s capital market in all its dimensions, revalued securities with a one-time return of 1,169 million yuan, pushing the firm’s net return profit to the head of science, technology and innovation in China’s securities industry.
Eight billion yuan, second-highest in the industry. In terms of net income, a favourable market environment led to a full growth of operations, with investment returns (including the impact of the Shanghai Re-evaluation) increasing at the fastest rate of 69 per cent; a business-led growth rate of 44 per cent was fully implemented by the Industrial Development Board; and a proactive management-led investment management system.
At the operational level, the scale of derivatives has grown rapidly, as one of the firm’s main priorities. The net profit-based off-site derivatives have accumulated an additional nominal principal of $13,646 billion, an increase of 89 per cent over the same period, of which the off-site options have accumulated a cumulative nominal capital of $85.3 billion, an increase of 45 per cent over the same period, and the gains have been swapped into a cumulative new name.
In the long run, sales of financial products for the reporting period amounted to $342.9 billion, an increase of 242 per cent over the same period, while sales of surrogate financial products amounted to $450 million, an increase of 481 per cent over the same period.
In addition, significant progress has been made in the transformation of proactive management of corporate asset management operations, which has risen to 76 per cent in spite of a slight decline in overall size, leading to a 42 per cent increase in the compensation for proactive management performance and a gradual leap in the volume to quality of managed business (from large-scale to managed money).
From a wind-controlled perspective, in the face of equity market fluctuations and bond- and cow-market opportunities, companies have been able to rebalance risks and returns by reducing the size of equity while increasing bond allocation. The balance of financing coupons (+13.8%) The source of financial prosperity in the East
East Hing Securities Insight Report (E.C.V.R. 601211): Steaming in search of breakthroughs, marketing even further The company, as a head-biller, has long given the impression that it has been “beautiful and tedious” for 14 consecutive years, with a rating of aaa and no industry.
But the lack of flash points for doing business also makes the company more like a defensive shield, and there is a difference between the perception of the securities industry as a spear in the market. Since 2020, companies have been pushing for change at the operational level, with a marked increase in marketization, and pay adjustments and equity incentives have stimulated the enthusiasm of their employees.
The source of the east's wealth and wisdom, the source of the east's wealth and wisdom.
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, five years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and the 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
Industry's fourth team member: the ninth crystal ball non-gold finance industry in 2015, the tenth graduate in economics in the crystal ball non-golden finance industry in 2016, and the East Hing securities in 2019. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.