High performance growth, active water, El ophthalmology (300015.sz)-Ell ophthalmology (300015), tri-quarterly, 2019.
This represents an increase of 37.55 per cent, higher than the median performance forecast; net profit of $1,235 million (non-recurring gains and losses for the current period mainly from other off-the-shelf expenditures), an increase of 34.24 per cent over the same period.
Of this, 1983 million yuan in operating income was realized, representing an increase of 27.24 per cent over the same year. One billion yuan was achieved, representing an increase of 37.34 per cent over the same period. The third quarter was an increase of eps0.17 dollars. (i) The velocity of the season reflected a strong elasticity of the company and a high quality of endogenous growth.
During the reporting period, the company ' s overall operating income and net profits continued to grow as demand for the ophthalmology market continued to increase and medical consumption rose. Of this, q3 did not perform at the rate of 37.34 per cent, higher than q2 (+33.10 per cent) and q1 (+30.15 per cent), taking into account the fact that q3 was covered by the summer.
During the season, which served both the kurning surgery and the sightings, the highest income and profit absolute in a year, with a relatively deep 300-percent performance pattern, the high q3 growth rate was sufficient to reflect strong elasticity in the company ' s performance.
Since the acquisition, construction and addition of a small number of hospitals, as detailed in this year's report, they have not grown within a quarter to significantly affect the company's performance, so we estimate that the q3 performance growth is mainly endogenous; mature hospitals within the company have also grown at a very high rate, while neonas.
Hospital admissions are still in the early stages of release and will continue at a good pace in the future.In terms of financial indicators, the company ' s Māori rate for the first three quarters was 48.41 per cent, up from the same period last year.
A single-quarter Māori rate of 50.44 per cent, an increase of 2.33 pp. from the previous year's same period.
El ophthalmology (300015) reported an evaluation of the increase in internal growth, as a result of the increase in interest in the 18th El ophthalmology report (300015) and the 1st Quarterly report of 19 years over the same period. In addition, the company ' s R & D cost rate was 1.45 per cent over the reporting period, compared to the same period.
+0.46 pp, mainly due to the company's continued and increased investment in clinical applications of the ophthalmology and the introduction of industry specialists.
As a result of the increase in family and human education, performance growth has been strong, and scientific capacity has been strengthened.
In terms of cash flows from operating activities, the net cash flow from the company ' s operations in the first three quarters was $1,853 million, a year-on-year increase of +50.6 per cent; net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was $856 million, a year-on-year increase of +89.2 per cent, which was higher than the corresponding net profit.
Net cash flows from operating activities are robust and reflect high profit quality. (ii) Acquisition of 35 per cent of the share of the Isec and rapid entry into the South-East Asian Eye Market. On 26 August 2019, the company announced its intention to acquire the Singapore listed company, Isec, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, El Singapore.
Thirty-five percent of shares in healthcaretd, at a purchase price of $NZ 0.36 per share (or 22 times the price of the target company's 18-year performance). 35 percent of shares have now been ceded and continue to be offered to shareholders of the company other than the shareholders of the sale. Through this acquisition, Singapore's minimum shareholding rate is 35 percent. The highest in Singapore is if all the shareholders in the open market accept the offer.
The shareholding rate was 78.22%, and the total value of the purchase was about $NZ 150 million at an offer price of $NZ 0.36 per share.isec was established in 2014 as the leading South-East Asian leading chain eye health service, a company listed on Singapore's Kelley Board, operating 11 ophthalmology and general health clinics in Singapore (6), Malaysia (4) and Myanmar (1).
The team is composed of 24 ophthalmologists and 6 general practitioners and covers cataracts and draught operations (including lasik, etc.), glass retinal diseases, corneas, glaucoma, vines, eye orthopaedics, general clinics, etc.
Dr. Wongjunshyan, a co-founder of the Isec, was a famous glass retina expert who served as Vice-President of the Eye Science Society of the Malaysian Medical Council. In recognition of his contribution to blinding work, the Asia Pacific Eye Society awarded him the Award for Excellence in Services in 2017.
South-East Asia is the most densely populated region in the world, with a total population of over 650 million, and a huge market demand.
Building a bridgehead for the South-East Asian market will further the global integration of clinical, scientific and human resources, and will contribute significantly to the global strategy of a global eye health biosphere; and will continue to expand by deepening the “sharing of global ophthalmological wisdom”, bringing in the resources of a high-quality medical team with the international leading eye medical experience, such as in Singapore, and improving the corporate platform's shared and complementary health care system.
The acquisition of the South-East Asian Head Eye Health Group is expected to continue to increase in profitability, as well as its rapid entry into the region’s most developed markets, such as Singapore and Malaysia, is an important achievement in the corporate internationalization strategy, setting up a global development network that covers Europe, North America, South-East Asia, and China.
First, it has a very high profile and reputation in the South-East Asian region, with a well-positioned team of doctors, a rich level of operations, and covering the entire field of ophthalmology. Second, it itself has a very rich multinational management team and efficient operating experience that will further strengthen the company’s international medical management system and upgrade it.
In addition, Isec is a publicly listed company with regulatory, financial transparency and good economic prospects, and its profitability will be further enhanced through an organic integration of Isec. Drawing on the successful integration experience of the public takeover of Europe’s clínicabaviera, we see the overall strength of the company after this extended M&A.
(iii) The company announced on 22 October that it intended to purchase 100 per cent of the combined holdings of the Investment Centre of Rock (Shanghai) and the Investment Centre of Rock (Shanghai (Shanghai) (Shanghai) (Shanghai) (Shanghai) of Tianjin Xin Enterprises Management Ltd.) by issuing shares to include most of the shares of the 26 hospitals outside the home, as well as the acquisition of some of the shares of the ophthalmology subsidiaries of the popular pharmaceutical industry
In addition, the company's announcement signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with Guangzhou's pharmaceutical industry, in which the parties agreed to establish deep cooperation in the field of ophthalmology services;
It will build on its technological, product and industrial strengths, build on its experience in innovative drug development on the one side, evaluate drug efficacy and clinical development on the other side, and combine its medical resources to explore new drug development opportunities and create globally competitive ophthalmological innovations.
In vitro, 26 hospitals are expected to contribute continuously to the growth of performance in the future; working with others to focus on the valuation of M & As. The list of assets to be acquired by the Sino-China Investment Fund and Sino-Shanghai Investment Centre (Shanghai-Shanghai-Shanghai-Shanghai) includes the pre-group list of assets held by Tianjin-Shin Enterprises Management Ltd.
Most of the 26 in vitro-breeded hospitals (with shares ranging from 51% to 80%) are expected to grow in the future if successfully integrated into the body and contribute continuously to the company’s performance. The entire year 2018 was a net profit of around $14 million, and the City’s Eye Hospital was about $8 million, which would be expected if it were included under the Elf.
Having enjoyed the size of El and the brand’s advantages and continued growth, the deal has yet to be finalized, and it is appropriate to focus on the valuation of mergers and acquisitions. The company is a leading provider of health services in the country, whose business size and brand influence are increasing, the network layout is improving, and new hospitals are less profitable than expected.