The M&As have improved the market layout, Wong Schwig, the harvest has continued to grow rapidly and the Māori rate has continued to rise.
During the first three quarters of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $7,732 million, an increase of 26.25 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of $1,231 million, an increase of 37.55 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of $1,235 million, an increase of 34.24 per cent in the same year; net cash flows from the realization of business activities
1853 million yuan, an increase of 50.59 per cent over the same period last year. Of this amount, the company earned 2,983 million yuan in the third quarter, an increase of 27.24 per cent over the same period; the net return profit was 536 million yuan, an increase over the same period in the first three quarters of 2019, with an overall Māori rate of 48.41 per cent, up from the same period last year.
In terms of the cost of the period, in the first three quarters of 2019, the company’s sales cost and management control were good. During the reporting period, the company’s R & D investment amounted to $112 million, an increase of 84.52% over the same period, mainly due to the company’s continuous increase in ophthalmological applied research inputs and the introduction of industry specializations.
In October 2019, the company issued an announcement that it would introduce the Chinese letter by issuing shares.
The Industrial Investment Fund and the acquisition of 26 ophthalmological hospitals will further expand the company's stock over the last six months compared to 300 deep domestic ophthalmological market layouts, which will help foster large-scale industry ecology.
In addition, in October 2019, the company announced its intention to acquire an ichealthcareld., which was established in 2014, and the company announced that it would buy a company that would be able to invest more in the global economy by becoming a strategic investor in El ophthalmology in the form of equity concessions, with the participation of the Sino-China Investment Fund.
South-East Asia is a well-known chain eye service. South-East Asia is the most densely populated region in the world, with a population of more than 650 million and a huge market demand, and this acquisition is expected to contribute to the rapid deployment of the South-East Asian market and to the improvement of its globalized operations.
Risks of changes in industrial regulatory policies; market expansion below expected risks; risk of skills drain; and risk of M & As less integrated than expected
Added, with further improvements in the company’s internal and external market layout in the future, the company’s performance is clear and growing. We look forward to the company’s future development and maintain an “enhanced” rating.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.