Long-term growth driven by consumption upgrading, conversion rates and brand power maintained high performance during the three quarters of 2019, with companies earning $7,732 million in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 26.25 per cent, net profit to the mother of $1,231 million, an increase of 37.55 per cent, net loss.
In the third quarter, the same rate of increase was 27.24%, 38.91%, and 37.34%, respectively. The company, as a national ophthalmologist chain leader, maintained a steady growth in performance driven by high industry and endogenous growth, with company profits growing at a long-term rate of more than 35%.
The ratio of high-end surgery to high-end surgery is expected to continue the upward trend of the first half of the year, with net interest rates rising faster than the Māori rate as firm size effects gradually show that both sales and management rates have declined.
The purchase of 28 ophthalmological hospitals, the acquisition of a minimum shareholding ratio for the isec offer, and the continued expansion of the map.In October 2019, the company issued a bulletin on the preparation of shares and cash payments for the purchase of assets, which included two ophthalmological hospitals under the banner of 26 Al Industries Foundations and two under the banner of the popular pharmaceutical industry, which, if completed, would further improve the company ' s national web site layout.
In October, 35 per cent of the company ' s stockholdings were closed, reaching a minimum shareholding ratio. This acquisition will facilitate rapid opening of markets in countries in South-East Asia, such as Singapore and Malaysia, where companies are expected to take advantage of their branding in the Chinese community to continue the process of corporate globalization.
Based on our recent grass-roots research, we believe that future stock prices are still supported by internal and external factors. At the external level, with the rise in disposable income and the awakening of eye protection, there is a trend towards high-end business targeting different age groups, with young people looking closer.
After 80 and 90 years of strength, the most significant contribution to the growth of the tangential surgery has been related mainly to the increase in surgical coverage and consumption of this segment of the population, but we believe that the continued deepening of ageing will lead to a rapid increase in the recovery of cataract surgery, which is expected to return to 20% in the next three years.
The results of the hospital show that the growth rate of several key indicators is ranked as the growth rate of the collection rate >of the surgical volume growth rate >of the number of outpatient visits, which shows that the Department is able to switch passenger flows better, that the number of diseases that hospitals can treat is wider with the introduction of new equipment, new technologies, and that the share of high-end operations such as full flying seconds, icl, etc., has further increased the unit price of the client, and that the company's visibility has increased in recent years as the company's layout has expanded.
It has also gradually increased, helping to shorten the profit cycle of new and hospitals, which have an advantage over public hospitals in terms of user services, asset structure, hierarchical chain coverage, a better hospital environment, a greater number of people covered, more assets leased, a good asset structure, and a corporate strategy of disadvantaged specialization and comparative advantage against the public hospitals that rank first. In the future, companies will continue to take advantage of capital advantages.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, and asset management companies.