El ophthalmology (300015) Medical biology q3 has a high level of re-innovation and “second entrepreneurship” power, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company received a total of $7.73 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 26.3 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $1.23 billion in the mother ' s return, an increase of 37.6 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $1.240 billion in the non-repatriation of the mother ' s return, an increase of 34.2 per cent in the same year, and an operating cash flow of $1.85 billion, which is largely in line with our expectations.
High growth continues, with q3 again showing high performance. In the 19q3 quarter, the company's total revenues were 2.98 billion yuan, 27.2 per cent more than the previous quarter, and the mother's net profit increased by 540 million yuan, 38.9 per cent more than the same year.
The company's revenue and profit absolutes are historically high, with profits growing faster than income, and income quality consistently rising, and we believe that q3 bright performance is due mainly to the steady growth of core business, the rise in the city's share of draught surgery, and the early success of the high end of the cataract transition.
• Developing academic + expanding ophthalmological layouts + rich web sites. “Second entrepreneurship” is powerful. The company is a leading ophthalmologist, and has been listed for a decade, with hundreds of billions of dollars, in 2019, referred to as the “second entrepreneurship” of the company. During the reporting period, the company has carried out a number of activities and business initiatives, constantly strengthening El ophthalmology's academic capacity and chain ecology.
In September of this year, the National Eye Academic Congress, where companies were admitted to 2388 papers, over 20% of which were of outstanding academic competence; and in October of this year, the company entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with the generic pharmaceutical industry to create ophthalmological innovation drugs through mutual advantage and mutual advantage, further deepening the company's ophthalmology industry.
In October of this year, the company proposed to acquire 28 ophthalmology hospitals in the Trust Industry Fund and Human Medicine to further enrich the country’s web site layout. With the introduction of world-class strategic investments, the process of globalization has continued.
In October of this year, the company announced its intention to buy the South-East Asian Isec Eye Group, which, as the fifth and seventh largest shareholder, two world-class strategic investors, will quickly open up new support companies.
Markets such as Gabo, Malaysia, combined with companies' existing ophthalmological institutions in Hong Kong and in Europe and America, the future of the company.
3. El ophthalmology (2019-08-23) 3. Exogenous internal energy double-effects, with a steady increase in volume (2019-04-29)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.