El ophthalmology (300015): Core business continues to work and expansion continues at an uninterrupted pace.
The company achieved operating income of 773.2 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 26.25 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, net profits of 536 million yuan, an increase of 38.91 per cent in the same year.
Corporate fundamentals (update) • Core business continues to thrive and expand at a steady pace. During the reporting period, the firm's performance grew rapidly and is expected to be dominated by high-volume consumption, visualization and condensation.
Excellence: The company is expected to maintain high growth in visual services and draught surgery in an environment driven by health-care escalation and national policies. During the reporting period, the company intends to present its share price performance (last year)
The purchase of 28 ophthalmological hospitals in the form of shares and cash payments continued to expand the company ' s size, while strategic cooperation agreements were signed with the pharmaceutical industry to strengthen synergies and achieve complementarity of strengths and business linkages; the company completed its offer for ichealthcareld.
Purchases, expansion of South-East Asia operations, and further improvement of the overseas layout. Cost rates were well controlled. 84.52% of corporate sales were made during the reporting period, mainly as a result of the company ' s continued and increased investment in ophthalmological applied research.
The net cash flow of corporate operations during the reporting period was $1,853 million, an increase of 50.59 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the growth in the size of the company ' s revenues and the reasonable control of costs and expenses.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.