Center for Medical Health Research, Internationalization Strategy Progress, Growth Paths continue to be validated.
26.25 per cent; realization of net profit attributable to parent companies of $1,231 million, an increase of 37.55 per cent over the same period; company announcement of proposed shares and cash purchases: 1) 100 per cent equity in Tianjin Xin Xin Enterprise Management Ltd., which includes the shares in hospitals under the umbrella of 26 former Al Industries Foundations (stockholdings); 2)
The overall performance in January-September 2019 was as expected, maintaining high growth, and performance in three quarters alone. We anticipate that the pace of growth in domestic operations will continue to be strong, with the elimination of overseas operations.
“Performance meets expectations and ophthalmology is steadily moving forward — the company’s business plates are performing well. We expect to be driven by summer wanjira, the company’s knitting, visual ophthalmology 2019h semi-annual review.”
On the profit side, the semi-annual report forecast meets expectations, and performance continues to rise at an accelerated pace, adding up the high value-added attributes and price trends of the season's confluence and the sighting operations, resulting in only three quarters of the year.
The overall scale effect is even more pronounced, with Māori and management cost rates (including R & D caliber) for the single three quarters 20107123. " High and sustained performance, followed by gold, improved over the same period in 2018, with higher net profit rates for the first three quarters of 2019.
The M & A fund helps, there is a large stock of hospitals outside the company system, and the orderly injection of in vitro projects has enabled the company to perform as expected, with a high growth rate continuing - with a fully validated growth path. The company announced on October 23, 2019 that it was planning to launch the project.
The ophthalmology Rapid Report 2018. Public announcement of shares and cash payments for the purchase of assets, including the 26 hospitals under the Ael Industries Foundation, as well as 100 per cent Olyde optical and 80 per cent ownership of the City Eye Hospital under the popular pharmaceutical industry.
5. In terms of internationalization, the company announced on August 26, 2019 that it would raise the demand for health services in the future.
At the domestic level, the rapid expansion of the visual industry and the model of eye-vision clinics will be gradually extended to the entire country.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: As the financial information on this acquisition is not disclosed for the time being, the profit forecast will not consider the acquisition. Based on our performance in the first three quarters of 2019, we have slightly adjusted the parameters of income end and cost rates.
An analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment