The Chang-Am car will be dark and watch the dawn of the day, and the Chang-Am vehicle will be the backbone of the Chinese Car Group Four.
Businesses, with a long history of positive change, start a third entrepreneurship, re-engineer their own brands, re-engineer four independent brands, upgrade their products, speed up their electrodynamicization and intelligence, and become increasingly profitable. Chang Anfort is on the verge of a new product cycle, and accelerates Lincoln’s national production, and China’s regional advancement.
The company’s profitable cow, Anfort, is expected to hit the bottom. Long Anjuda will launch a cx-8 and an Anksala replacement, with a steady return in performance, and Chang Anpa and Chang Ansuki will remove excess capacity from autonomous brands, provide greater momentum for a third start-up, optimize the brand structure, and speed up electricization and intelligence in 2018.
Aging and the city as a whole has suffered a decline of 22.5% in the sale of autonomous brands. In 2019, the brands will launch cs85coupe, cs75 replacement, run-off et, cs95, cs55, run-and-run swaps, and with multiple new cars, they are expected to boost sales.
In the future, a third entrepreneurship was launched, with the re-establishment of the four independent brands of the long-and-high-end vehicles, the new medium- and high-end vehicles, the Euro-Shangan and the Kaicheng vehicles, with four major transformations at the user, brand, product and service levels, and the introduction of the Shangri-La plan and the Bei Doo-Congree intelligent strategy, with plans to stop traditional fuel cars in 2025 and achieve high-level autopilots. The company's products were electricized, intelligent.
The transformation has been upgraded, brand positioning has been extended to the upper and middle levels, and the profitability of autonomous brands is expected to grow stronger, becoming an important enabler of corporate profits. Chang Anfort is on a new product cycle, and Lincoln is producing speedier.
By the end of 2025, more than 50 new vehicles are planned to be launched in China, accelerating Lincoln’s national production, and a Ford China 2.0 strategy, with a greater focus on Chinese market demand, and a brand-new escape model.
In 2020, the Ford Explorer, Lincoln Runner, Lincoln Mkz National Product will be launched, and with new cars on the market, Governor Anfort’s sales are expected to make a turning point, opening the way to a steady recovery. Ford China has been upgraded to an independent business unit.
The executive is home-grown, and a new national marketing service, ndsd, has been set up to consolidate the marketing system, and seeks to strengthen Ford’s influence in China’s market in many ways, such as automobiles, R & D, management, marketing, etc.
The product upgrades and actively integrates the product of the product.
A consumer-sanctioned Anxera will also be replaced in 2019 and profitability is expected to recover; a new ds6 and ds7 and a new D-class flagship car will be launched in 2019; cs85 will be produced by a ds factory, with surrogates to neutralize excess capacity and losses will be expected to shrink; and companies will buy the remains of the Chang An Suzuki wood at $1.
The remaining 50% of the equity, the surplus capacity of the production base, will be the company’s replacement, and the Longbell Institute will become a research arm of the company, providing a greater impetus to push forward “the third innovative start-up.” A few major joint ventures will be on the verge of marginal improvement in 2019, and the company’s performance is expected to rebound.
The motor sector's 2019 strategy – Spring Huatsu – 1) has increased competition in the car market, and sales and profitability are below expectations; 2) new sales are below expectations. The company has opened a third business, and long-anfort sales and profits are expected to warm, and Lincoln will be home-grown.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. Automobile: The whole car, China's brand leader, Chang Anford's weak-performing wing.
The long history of China’s automobile brand leader, Chang An, is a Chinese automobile’s four-largest grouping company, which is the core of the Chinese weapons and equipment company. The long history of Chang An’s car and history, the first of its kind, the Shanghai Marine Artery Agency, dating back to the 1862 Oceanic Movement, have pioneered China’s recent industry.
In the early 1980’s, China’s first micro-car went off the line in 1984, with 36 years of experience building cars. The first Chinese brand car to be sold for 10 years was the first Chinese brand car to break 10 million cars in a row, and the first Chinese brand to be the leading company in China’s branded car, which sold millions of cars every year.
The main operations of the vehicle currently cover the development, manufacture and sale of the entire vehicle, as well as the development and production of the engine, and have resulted in the formation of sedans, suv, mpv, cross-cars, buses, vans, etc., wide series, multi-species product spectrometry, cover of traditional fuel and new energy sources.
As of the third quarter of 2018, the first shareholder of the Chang-An automobile was China Armored and Equipment Group Limited, which, together with its fully-owned subsidiary, China ' s Chang-Ang-a-Car Group Inc., held 40.88% of the company ' s shares, and ultimately took effective control of the State Council ' s National Assets Supervisory Board.
There are more than 40 shareholders in the Chang-Ang vehicle, of which the autonomous brands are mainly made by Chongqing Chang-Bong and its subsidiary, Nam, Yong-Ang, Hebei Chang-Ang, Pao-Ang, and the joint-venture brands include Chang An-Fut, Chang-Am-Am-Am-Ah-Ah-Dha, Long-Long.
On 4 September 2018, Chang An Suzuki, a joint venture with 50% of the company’s shares, acquired the remaining 50% of the shares in a lump sum in cash and now holds 100% of the company’s shares in Chang An Suzuki as a fully-owned subsidiary of the company. Long Anfort’s sales fell sharply, resulting in a sharp decline in the company’s performance.
Prior to 2012, the Chang An Automobile used a vehicle-based brand, which was dominated by micro-cars, accounted for more than 70% of the sales. In 2012, the Chang An Auto-Car launched its first suv model, cs35, with sales increasing gradually, and the company launched its cs75, cs15 and other suv models, and the micro-cars were gradually upgraded to mpv, which led to the rapid development of their own brands.
The sale of suv-wing tigers and limo Foresius-type cars led to a rapid increase in long Anfort sales, which peaked in 2016 with a total of 3.06 million vehicles, up 10.3 per cent from the same year, with a market share of 10.9 per cent, but since 2017, the market has slowed down significantly, and the long Anfort autonomous brands have led to a decline in sales for multiple reasons, including the ageing of cars, the sharp decline of micro-cars and the mpv market; and Chang Anfort has suffered.
The impact of the ageing of the car, which is now declining in 2017 and falling at an accelerated rate in 2018, is illustrated in figure 4. Long An's annual sales and the same rate of increase.
Upgraded, business income increased by 1.9% in 2017, more than $80 billion, three times the 2011 revenue. But sales have declined faster since 2018, reaching $49.85 billion in business income in the first three quarters of 2018, a decline of 3.1% compared to the previous period.
The rapid decline in brand sales has led to a sharp decline in the net return profit of long-assed cars in 2017 and 2018. According to corporate performance forecasts, 2018, Chang Anfort has been the main force in terms of net profit composition, with a net profit peak of $18.17 billion in 2016 and a net profit contribution of more than 85 per cent until 2018, with the net profit and contribution rate rising annually, reaching 17.8 per cent in 2017.
Auto-floating, with a net profit of about 720 million in 2016. Starting with a slowdown in the growth of the car market, sales and a double pressure reduction, the net profit of Chang Ann Ford has been significantly reduced, and since 2018 has suffered a major setback in the sales of Chang Ann Ford, which, according to Ford ' s previously published performance in the joint venture in China, is estimated to have lost more than 1 billion dollars a year.
Yuan, according to the Chang An car announcement, the net return to the mother for the entire year 2018 was only $50 to 750 million, a decline of 89 to 93 per cent over the same year.
In terms of profitability, corporate profit levels as a whole are positively correlated with sales, with Māori rates and net interest rates peaking at 20.0 per cent in 2015.
The decline in the price of long-term autonomous brands and the ageing of products, as compared with 14.9 per cent, led to a decline in the Māori rate in 16 and 17 years, but with the replacement of the multi-car model in 2018, the decline in Māori in the previous three quarters rose to 15.2 per cent, resulting in a sharp decline in net profits due to a sharp decline in Ford sales and a sharp fall in the net profit rate, which was only 2.4 per cent in the first three quarters of 2018.
In terms of cost rates, the overall rate of cost of the Cheonan vehicle has tended to decrease in recent years, but in 2018, due to, inter alia, lower sales, lower receipts, higher promotions, and a significant increase in sales and management costs in the first three quarters of 2018.
At the end of the 1970s, when the central government proposed a “military conversion” approach to the defense industry, Chang-Ang began to start his first business. After a careful analysis of the need for transport and the current state of the domestic car market, Suzuki Japan and its production were selected.
In 1983, Chang-Ann and Suzuki Japan signed a technical and trade cooperation agreement for micro-car and engine projects, which led to the formal entry of Chang-Am into the car sector and a breakthrough in the car sector from 0 to 1.
By 2006, the Cheonan vehicle was once again on the rise, starting a second time as an entrepreneur in the use of cars. The first autonomous branded car of the same year ran to the market; in 2007, the first industrial hybrid car of China was born in Chang An; and then the Chang An auto.
The plates began to be laid out in separate markets such as sedans, suv, mpv, etc., creating a pattern of products from emblem-type cars to medium-sized and large-sized vehicles. In 2012, the "Five Nations Nine" global R & D resource, a well-constructed high-end car product, cs35, wise, and Ono, the 100-year-old New Spring, and the cumulative sale of 10 million vehicles in 2016, the first to cross-line the "Ten Million. "
At the booming suv market, the Chang-Ann car now has five cs-types, the product layout is mainly tied up, and the market’s tightest compact and small suv. The company’s own brands include Chongqing, Beijing, Fertilizer, Nanking, Hebei’s five major production bases, in which cars are used mainly in Chongqing, Beijing, and Beijing.
It's mainly in Chongqing, Hebei, Nanjing, with a total annual capacity of 1.77 million vehicles and a planned annual capacity of 2.22 million vehicles. Of these, Chongqing North has a capacity of 280,000 and is currently mainly producing cs35 and vending products. Chongqing Fish Pocket has a capacity of 240,000, Quanqcc, Ling, cs55, and Oshana800 products, with a capacity of 360,000. The Beijing factory is now producing a vehicle type.
These plants are designed to produce 150,000 and currently produce cs15 and Xing v7. The Hebei and Nanjing plants are designed to produce 300,000 and produce the Stars of Chang Xing, EULEV and Chang An, respectively.
In 2018, as a result of the ageing of the car and the general downside of the car market, the sale of 874,000 vehicles under the Cheonan Automobile Autonomy, which fell by 22.5 per cent in comparison with the previous year, continued to decline after 2017. From a breakdown of the market, companies have continued to roll out cs75, cs35, cs15, cs55 and other suv types of vehicles, and have continued to grow up, become the owner's main sales, and have contributed more than 64 per cent to the 2018 suv sales.
The industry continues to be depressed, and the company’s roll-out of new cars like Oshaa 800 and Starlight 4500 will continue to be difficult to reverse, and sales will continue to go down the road. The Chang An vehicle will continue to innovate on its own and build China’s most powerful and persistently leading research and development capabilities. It currently has nearly 100,000 employees, of whom 11,000 are technicians (more than 7,500 autonomous research and development), and there are 15 nationalities and 400 high-level experts, and 13 are selected to “thousands of people” in the country.
In Chongqing, Beijing, Hebei, Fat, Turin, Japan, Birmingham, Detroit, and Silicon Valley, the United States of America, there are 16 areas covering vibration noise, collision safety, brake performance, chassis testing, drive systems, etc., 194 international advanced laboratories (of which car noise vibrating and
The Safe Technology Laboratory (SETL) has invested $2 billion to build the largest and first-class long Ansejiang test site in western China. In 2017, Chang An’s research and development investment increased by 3.63 billion yuan, after the upper-air group, and was higher than that of Hiroshima, Chang City, and a sedan and Shaley, while research and development investment accounted for 4.5% of operating income, ranked first among several major groups of cars and held it.
Continuing upscaling and increasing investment in research and development is expected to ensure that core technologies remain ahead of schedule. Figure 17. Research and development expenditure as a percentage of business income by major automobile groups
In April 2018, Chang-Aon launched the Third Entrepreneurship-Innovation Strategy, which sets out a development-oriented approach to “one core plus four transformations.” One of its core areas is to build the core competitiveness of an organization that is efficient, that is, innovation-driven efficiency.
Reform of resource allocation mechanisms, etc., with four major transformations at the user, brand, product, and service levels.
The transition from service to business, the establishment of China's first fully operational online big data service system, the precision of digital technology in understanding diverse needs, the upgrading of service initiatives, the building of a one-stop eco-circle, the strengthening of users' confidence in and dependence on brands, the transformation from business products to business brands, the optimization of existing brand structures under the overall strategy of branding upwards, the formation of long-range vehicles, new medium- and high-end vehicles, and Euroshan
The four major brands of automobiles, Keyston cars, the transition from traditional products to intelligent + new energy products.
From the provision of product-plus services to the delivery of product-plus services-plus mobility solutions, the target of the Chang-Ann vehicle is to sell 4 million vehicles by 2020, with a market share of 12.7%, of which 2.46 million are branded autonomously, leading to China’s first brand size and the world’s 12th; 350,000 new energy vehicles are sold into the first line of the industry.
Ten thousand vehicles with 15.7 per cent market share, of which 3.5 million are self-owned, leading to full electrification, the highest Chinese brand size in the country, and the top ten in the world; 1.16 million new energy models are sold, leading to Chinese branding.
In terms of overall profitability in the industry, Chang-An's Māori ratio is at the middle of the industry, but as a result of the large decline in joint venture brand sales and the declining investment returns, the net interest rate for the G-A-A-A-R was lower in the first three quarters of 2018, just above one car, and the G-A-R-A-R-A-R rate was higher in the industry, after only one car.
The scale of sales will increase significantly, and the scale effect will gradually become apparent, with product positioning increasing the value of the bicycles expected to increase, while corporate cost rates are at higher levels of industry, firm forces to drive strategy implementation, optimize process streamlining, boost efficiency gains, cost rates are expected to be better controlled, and the profitability of autonomous brands is expected to grow and become an important enabler of corporate profits.
Figure 20.2018 Comparison of the profitability of automobile groups in the first three quarters of the year Optimizing the brand structure and opening up a new cycle of product replacements
He announced the creation of an independent brand, published a new brand name, and announced his initiative to withdraw from the traditional fuel microsurface market, moving in the direction of a passenger vehicle. The long-an-lighted commercial vehicle will be divided into a brand new brand, "Caychne" and will follow the former long-an-business brand, logo.
Instead of running a suv, a mpv, and a sedan, the sale price is expected to go beyond the $200,000 ceiling. The company optimizes the existing brand racks to form a low-, medium- and high-end full-blown vehicle, with the prospect of a new stage of sales and branding.
Cs35 was replaced by a third generation, and the new energy car introduced a compact suv-type cs75phev. In 2019, the long-ass autonomous brand will run on the market in March, re-placing in the first half of the year, re-placing in the first half of the year, re-placing in the second half of the year, re-placing in cs75 and cs55, and introducing a new energy car abscond, re-placing in the second half of the year.
In September 2018, seven large Suv Eushancos1°1 of the first product of the independent branding of the Oshan brand was officially listed, and it is planned that two or three new models will be launched each year in 2018-2021, with product lines covering suv, mpv, and new energy models. After independence, the second new medium mpv section was also officially listed in January 2019, and a compact suv and a new one will be launched in 2019.
Energy vehicles, which further enrich the suv and mpv layouts. cs85coupe up by cs85coupe is the first suv run under the Chang An flag for $13.69-16.99 million.
The BMWx6 design, using a large-size winged air grid, the new side of the vehicle is designed using a coupe car flow line, with three different waistlines forming the motor flow line and equipped with a near-light light-led lamp group, a Led rear-taillight, 360° panoramic images, a key entry, a 19-inch circle, etc., with dimensions, widths of 4720/1845/1665 mm, axle lengths of 2705 mm.
Cs85coupe uses a combination of black and red combustible colours, and is suffixed with piano roasting paints and chrome plating elements in a variety of detail, with a 10-.25-inch LCD, 12.3-inch medium-control screen, and a key to start and drive mode selection. On the power side, the vehicle will carry two engines, 1.5t and 2.0t, with a maximum power of 131kw and 171kw, respectively.
The match with 2.0t is the Ein 8at gearbox. Chart 22.cs85coupe look and interiors.
cs85coupe locates the medium car suv, which will fill the product gap in this type of vehicle and achieve a full layout of the product from micro to medium size. cs85coupe contests are mainly Weyvv7, passgs7, gs8 and Eunweirx8 self-owned medium suv, with an average monthly sales of about 3,000 units expected after stabilization.
cs75 is about to be replaced by cs75, the company ' s main vehicle model, and after its official listing in April 2014, sales rose to a maximum of 28,842 per month, but since 2018, cs75 has introduced a modified model, but due to the overall low level of the car market, increased competition and minor changes in vehicle patterns.
By 2018, cs75 sales had reached only 140,066, a 41.7 per cent drop over the same period.
Upgraded, the volume version will be based on a full-led light, suspended multimedia system screen, full liquid crystal screen configuration, with an additional 2.0t engine in addition to the current 1.5t, which is expected to be marketed by the end of 2019, and the plug-in version is expected to be available in the second quarter of 2020
Hundreds of millions of dollars were invested in the Shangri-La project, which led to the introduction of a new energy source, the Fast Track, the creation of a new Ministry of Energy, and the full promotion of the Shangri-La project.
Sov, mpv, trucks, vans, and cars will be in a new phase in the new energy sector. In December 2017, Chang-Ann set up a new Ministry of Energy to promote the Shangri-La project. The Department will rely on the global research and development system, with 11,000 researchers, more than 400 experts from 16 nationalities, and more than 10 specialists in the "thousands of people plan" equipped in the fields of phev, ev, and efficient internal combustion engines.
The leading technology, with the world’s largest new energy research and development capabilities, is in the field of core parts. In the area of core parts, Chang-Aon will complete research and development with strategic partners such as the Ulai Cars, the Bozo Group, the Ninder era, droplets, bats, etc. in a variety of areas, such as battery energy density studies, charging methods, battery formation controls, etc.
In May 2018, a fully-owned subsidiary, the new energy agency, was established to specialize in new energy vehicle development, production, marketing, consulting services, etc.; in August 2018, the vehicle was restructured internally to transfer some of the company ' s assets related to the new energy vehicle business and its related operations, personnel to the new energy source, with a total of approximately 1,135 million yuan in assets; and in October 2018, the company was re-established.
The vehicle announced that no fewer than three strategic investors were to be introduced into the new energy replenishment, with an equity stake of no less than 51 per cent; in January 2019, the Chang An vehicle disclosed that 580 patents had been declared in the new energy sector, that new energy technology studies had been started since 2001 and that it now had the capacity to design systems, integrate vehicles and develop components, and that 15 laboratories had been built, covering a total of 6 new energy vehicles.
In large areas, the new energy vehicle has become more active in the area of new energy vehicles, which has advanced in depth in the development and technological innovation of new energy vehicles, and in the future, new energy sources are expected to develop across the board to become champions of the new energy sector in the country.
At the Beijing Car Fair in 2018, six months after Shangri-La's launch, the Chang-Ann car displayed cs75phev, a completely new surge, ev460, a fluffy phev, a run-by-v, and a new Cs15ev car. The company's new energy car sales continue to grow.
The cumulative sale in 2018 of 87,000 vehicles (including Jiang bell holdings) increased by 41.8 per cent and the city's share reached 6.9 per cent, while the long-term security surge was officially marketed in October 2018 at a subsidized cost of $11.79-12.9 million. The new car was used in the latest family set-up language, with the front face being the “fly wings” grid, equipped with embedded large-size controls, multifunctional steering wheels, full liquid crystal dashboards, and mounted on board.
The new version of the Incall 3.0 smart car interconnectivity system, which integrates multimedia control, smart voice, wireless connectivity, etc., with a 4g full-time network that allows for online navigation, listening to music, etc. Recreational functions.
It's better than the same level of competition at the Aadi Qinev 450. With a flight of V460 with a three-bit lithium battery of 52.56 kwh, Nedc continues its voyages up to 430 km, 60 km/h speed, up to 550 km, ahead of the same level of product. After the subsidy, the sale price is $11.7 million, and there is a considerable competitive advantage in the new-energy vehicle market. With the full upgrade of the vehicle pattern and the release of the new model, it is expected that the sale of the new energy vehicle will continue.
On 19 June 2018, the construction of the new energy vehicle project in Jiangning, Nanjing, began with a total investment of $20 billion, with a planned annual capacity of 240,000 vehicles, with an annual production value of $100 billion. The new energy vehicle project will be located as a large and medium-sized new energy fleet.
Designed to create a green smart factory, with products such as high-performance cross-border suv, sedans, etc., pure electric motor vehicles. It is expected that on August 17, 2020, Chang An and Wei, a joint venture company, "Long Wei New Energy Motors Technology Co. Ltd.", will also officially announce its presence in Nanjing Jiangning, which will cover smart network and new energy automobile technology development, spare parts production, operating services, etc.
The company has a wealth of research and development, strategy, and marketing experience in the car market, which is the country’s leading new car-making power, is strongly associated with new energy cars with Internet genes, and is expected to capture the cutting edge of technology and customer demand and provide consumers with a greater supply of technology.
Accommodating, environmentally friendly cars and intelligent, comfortable experiences. From the production, technology development, and product delivery levels, Chang An has moved into the "fast lane" of the new energy strategy, and the Jiangning Development Area has become the site for new energy products that support the future of the Chang An Car, creating smart product labels, leading the country in intelligent driving technology.
Launching strategic objective 654, 2025, which will achieve a high degree of autopilot, and keeping pace with the world's mainstream technology, launching a “654 strategy” for 2025 smart cars, namely, building six platforms, mastering five major nuclear applications, industrializing intelligent technologies in four stages. In the area of car intelligence, the vehicle will be in operation in 2018.
At the same time, long-situation and scenario-based intelligence targets are being developed, and users’ experiences are constantly being enhanced in terms of driving, interconnection, and interaction. According to the long-switching 654 strategic goal, Chang-Ann will build six platforms and five core technologies.
On April 28, 2018, Chang-Aon launched the Bei Doo Sky Constellation Smart Strategy as a strategic guide, integrating industry resources and promoting multidisciplinary and multidisciplinary collaboration among top platforms to build three industrial alliances for intelligent driving, intelligent networking, and stereo transport.
New non-networked vehicles will no longer be produced, 100 per cent networked, 100 per cent vehicle support systems will be installed, a level-I3 Auto-Driving Smart Open Platform will be built, 100 per cent voice control will be achieved in 2025, a level-I4 Auto-Driving Smart Open Platform will be completed, and a level-I4 smart-driving product will be produced, marketed, and the transformation from traditional car enterprises to smart-driving technology companies will be completed and upgraded.
In the area of smart driving, Chang-Aon has strengthened its cooperation with the world’s leading car parts and components, deepening cross-border cooperation with companies in the fields of ict, the Internet, communications, and electronics, and developing smart network technology and product applications. For example, in the area of resource-sharing, Chang-Ain has been working with not only Bo, Delfort, Intel, Wahon, Gold, Tseng, ibm, Connect, Science and Technology, North Doo-Congregation, Horizon, etc.
In cooperation with sophisticated companies, and in collaboration with Qinghua University and the MIT Institute of Higher Education, there is a rapid reserve of intelligent driving of level 4 technology, and, above all, a platform for connecting governments, communications service providers, travel services, etc., to build a full-scale 3-dimensional transport system up to and down to the subway. Sharing road scenes and driving behaviour databases with developers, manufacturers, and partners to achieve mutually beneficial co-benefits and co-development in product services.
In terms of financial inputs, Chang-Ann invests about 5% of its sales revenue in R & D annually, and establishes a fund management company to support intellectualization and provide financial security for its strategic implementation and transformational upgrading.
In January 2019, with the creation of an innovation centre, the Chang An Car “Bing Doo Sky Constituency” strategic alliance, the two sides will explore and cooperate further in the fields of intelligence, car networking, and new energy sources. In the area of intelligence, the two sides will stage the launch of advanced technology and start-up products, publishing “Longer”.
In the area of new energy, the two sides will work together in depth to quickly achieve the joint development of the first new energy platform, which will jointly create the international first-class and national-led pure electric vehicle platform. In terms of research and development, to accelerate the pace of intelligent cars, the long-spand cars will build focused global systems of intelligent research and development.
Qing HQ has set up the Smart Technology Research and Development Centre, the United States Department of Smart Research, the Silicon Valley Innovation Laboratory, and the latter two leading pre-development projects. In terms of resource inputs, Chang-An is expanding his intelligent research and development team and will form 1,500 research and development teams by 2025. According to the investment plans for the equipment, infrastructure and test sites needed for intelligent research and development, the Chang-Aun plan is to invest cumulatively by 2025.
Intelligent development leading the country, smart driving is the first in many industries.
In the area of smart driving, Chang An has been the first in six industries to complete a 2,000-km unmanned test in April 2016, becoming the first Chinese brand in the country to achieve a 2,000-km unmanned long-range test.
In March 2018, Chang An announced that Iacc would be on a Cs55 roll, and that the autopilot would break again, becoming the first Chinese auto company to achieve automaticity.
In November 2018, Chang-Ann successfully completed a 3.2-km lined drive, creating a record of the “largest auto-drive speed”, which was the first Chinese brand to have achieved the apa 6.0-high-level automatic parking capability.
The successful creation of this record of car brands shows the outside world once again its ability and ambition in intelligent driving techniques. Chart 34. Long-Ann’s 55 smart-drive cars completed a 3.2-km formation out of the layout, and the three great powers joined forces to form the T3 company.
With high vehicle acquisition costs, fuel costs, high repair and maintenance costs, difficulties in parking, restrictions on movement, short-time use and inefficient efficiency, the annual increase in vehicle holdings also creates traffic congestion and major inconveniences for cars. Shared cars can ease urban congestion, reduce carbon emissions, meet short-line immediate travel requirements, and are expected to become the next-generation urban mobility programme.
Car companies actively share cars, while digesting their own production capacity, targeting a wider group of customers and accurately targeting user needs, and developing the next generation of products, many of which are actively deployed, to transform mobile travel service providers that provide product-plus services and mobility solutions. The company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Chongqing Long-Attteng Technologies Ltd., uses Internet technology to create intelligence, networking, sharing, socialization.
The integrated travel service brand, “Long-and-a-way”, allows for a series of smart travel services, such as “open without a key”, “self-help recovery” and “smart charge” when new energy is available. The platform currently operates on-line with rental hours, long-term rentals, etc., and includes long-term new surges of ev200 (renewal of 200 km), new runs, rain petrels, use of the long-term fee-for-mile model, in Chongqing, South.
In December 2017, the Chang An vehicle signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with one Chinese and East Wind vehicles, which will lead to full-scale cooperation in the areas of forward-looking technology, full-value-chain operations, the expansion of overseas markets and the exploration of new business models.
In December 2018, the t3 Science and Technology Platform Corporation (T3P) signed a joint venture agreement to establish a t3 travel service company that would create efficient, high-quality, safe, and reliable travel services.
In March 2019, the Jian An Car, the Volkswagen Group, the East Wind Motors, and the companies Suning, Tenseng, and Ali established Nanjing’s equity-led investment partnership (the t3 Travel Service) with a total investment of $9.76 billion in new energy vehicles.
Working with Internet giants can also be more accurate in targeting the next generation of user demand layouts, as well as in synergizing and capturing major development opportunities in the automotive sector for electric, intelligent, and shared change. Investment-led companies are also important hands-on for strategic collaboration in the three main mainframes and for long-term vehicle “third start-up” landings, contributing to the rapid development of a high-quality safety supply capacity for the automobile industry.
Motivated, intelligent, shared-changed major development opportunities, resistance to foreign invasions, China's autonomous brands are the best to grow.
Caught, concentrated on the suv market, which began in 2017, the counter-surprising. The Chang-Ann, the Dong-feng car and the one-bang conglomerate continued to lead the sales of the Chang-Am autonomous brand, which was the strongest, and the three companies worked closely together to share their research results, and the Chang-Am car was expected to be the most beneficial car company, rejuvenating the peak of the year.
Figure 37. Main Automobile Group Autonomous Brands, Annual Sales of Cars, Long Ann Ford: A new round of products is expected to reverse the situation, Long Ann Ford is trapped and sales are declining.
In 2001, Ford and Chang An formed a joint venture, with 50% shareholdings each. In 2006, Ford transferred 15% of its holdings to Majeda, Changan, Ford, Majeda to 50:35:15, and the joint venture changed its name to Ann Fortmauda Motors Limited.
In the development, production and marketing business of Hinfort and Maduda brands, the company holds 50% of the shares in each of the two joint ventures.
A factory produces a new Mondio and classic Fox, a second factory produces a new Fox, a wing tiger and a wingbow, and a third factory produces a fifth of a million. The Hangzhou factory produces a quarter of a million people, produces a production industry, a gold bull, and a 2019 national Lincoln Suv. The Hangzhou factory master plan is currently in production in two phases.
The second phase of the launch of the technology, with a planned annual capacity of 500,000 vehicles, has a capacity of 200,000, producing two cars in New Fox and Hsing v3. In 2018, when the United States market was replaced, Chongqing II and Harbin factories were able to use their capacity to produce a car that was the main sales force for the long Anfort, with a sales contribution of more than 70 per cent over the last 10 years. In the red sea market for cars, it's been two years long, Anfu.
In 2017, the cumulative sales of 828,000 vehicles fell 12.3% compared to the previous year, falling short of the annual $1 million target, and ending the growth situation. In 2018, the overall demand for vehicles remained low, with a short-term shift of wings completed between 2016 and the third quarter of 2018, as well as a mid-term transfer of wing tigers, Mondio, and no new vehicle-type push, influenced by the industrial environment and the strategic dimensions of the company.
Out, the core model is at the end of the product life cycle, with a cumulative sales volume of only 379,000 vehicles in 2018, a decline of 54.3 per cent over the same period, of which 43.2 per cent were sold as Fawwis, while 40 per cent were sold as a major vehicle, while 40 per cent were sold as a result of a similar decline in stock sales in the suv market, which has been so hot in recent years, as a result of the ageing of the vehicle pattern.
Figure 40. Long Anfort sales and speed increases Figure 41. Long Anfort cars sales exceeded 70 per cent in February 2012, November 2014, March 2015, Long Anfort Chongqing II, Chongqing III and Hangzhou.
Car sales and profits grew rapidly, reaching a peak in 2016, selling 944,000 vehicles and achieving a net profit of $18.17 billion. The pace of growth in the city began to slow, the volume of Long Anfort sales began to decline, and the double pressure of sales and official drops led to a significant reduction in Chang Anfort’s net profits, which in 2018 was affected by multiple factors such as the fall of the city, the ageing of the car, and the friction of Central America’s trade, which led to a serious setback in Long Anfort’s sales, according to Ford before.
From the Ford China 2025 strategy to the Ford China 2.0 strategy, the accelerated roll-out plan for new items was launched in April 2011 with a “1515” strategy to introduce 15 models for the Chinese market and 20 new ones by 2015
The capacity of machines and transformers will be expanded to 1.2 million, with a million annual sales breakthroughs and a 6 per cent market rate. Fort’s five-year succession has led to a series of new vehicles, such as Mondio, Fox, Wings, Tigers, Fawwys, Bulls, etc., which have risen rapidly, with 869,000 vehicles sold in Long-Amford in 2015, up by 170 per cent from 2010.
By the end of 2017, Ford had announced the “China 2025 Plan”, which sought to strengthen Ford's new model in China in terms of modeling, research and development, management, marketing, including 8 new subvs, at least 15 new electric models for Ford and Lincoln, and to achieve a 50% increase in revenue through the progressive realization of the Lincoln brand's home-grown chemical products. By 2025, each model produced by Chang Anfort would have been equipped with a corresponding electric model, and
On April 3, 2019, “Fort China 2.0” announced a new business upgrading plan to accelerate business transformation, focusing on China City, and further fulfilling its “Moor Ford and China” strategy. Ford launched the China Product 330 program, which is planned for the next three years.
The Chinese market has launched more than 30 new models, increased autopilot and new energy research and development, and introduced products that are better suited to Chinese consumers, reducing the updating cycle to 30%. For the first time at the launch site, Ford China released a new urban current, suv Fordescape, and an escapetitanium, designed specifically for Chinese consumers, showing that Ford is better suited to Chinese consumers.
Focusing on China’s market demand, localizing R & D is not only the largest car market in the world, but also the fastest-growing electric car, the most popular suv-type, and the most recognized market for intelligent mobile travel. Ford plans to increase investment in Chinese product R & D and innovation, and to set up China’s Innovation Centre, China’s Design Centre,
By the end of 2019, all of Ford’s new vehicles produced and sold in China will have been equipped with a vehicle-borne network connection service, which, while increasing the value added of the product, will also lay the foundation for a future slowdown in growth in the city and a shift to mobile travel companies. In addition, Ford will continue to work with Pedo to develop auto-driving in the Chinese market, and will introduce more.
China’s partner companies, China’s management teams, and employees. The vehicle model has accelerated, and research and development has become home-grown, close to Chinese consumer demand, with the hope of helping Lifford to reverse the decline and increase market share.
In November 2017, the Ford Nanjing Testing Centre, the first full-car testing and validation base built by Ford in China, with 18 laboratories and 80 different road conditions, with 2,000 engineers at the test centre, was inaugurated, which will help Ford to significantly improve the pace of research and development of a new generation of vehicle products and meet the driving needs of consumers in the Chinese market and in the Asia-Pacific region as a whole.
In the fourth quarter of 2018, Chang Ann Ford was re-prisoned to Forwhis and Fox, and in the second and fourth quarters of 2019, he was also re-deposited.
With the new model that is more in line with China’s consumer preference, and the arrival of Chang Anfort’s sales, Ford-e-Cape’s global launch.
Sov sales have grown at a high rate in recent years, and the compact suv has been the main battleground for individual car companies, with a large number of vehicles, such as rav4, cr-v, porter, and Chihuahua, whose monthly sales have remained at about 1-15 thousand, and the monthly sales, including those of tourl, have been close to 28,000.
After the refinancing in 2017, consumer expectations for upgrading were not realized, and in-car space was not even as subject to complaints about quality problems such as small suv, broken axes, brakes, self-burning, etc. In April 2017, Chang Anfort announced the recall of 83,000 wing tigers due to the risk of self-burning of engines. Quality problems caused serious credibility, and the production and competitiveness of the wing tigers declined dramatically.
Figure 46. The monthly sales of wing tigers and contestants show that the "Fort China 2.0 Strategy" was launched with the official appearance of the entire new suv-type escape of Janford, between the new locator-wing tigers and the sharp line.
It's an overseas version of the new generation of kuga (European wing tigers), which will be marketed with the tigers in the future, and many of the problems with the cash are likely to be solved. The surface side, the front face of the new car, re-engineered the Chinese market, mounted the latest hexagonal big mouth, entered the gas grid with a beehive design inside, joined with chrome-plating decorations, and implemented a motion-motivated back-to-back design.
The long width of the overseas model is 4585/1882/1742 mm, with an axle range of 2710 mm, and the national-producing axle range will be increased. The interior is undisclosed, with official indications that the interior design, configuration, vehicle interconnection etc. will also be upgraded. On the power side, escape will carry three options: 1.5 tecoboost, 2.0 tecoboost, 2.5l plug-in, and 1.5t and 2.0t will match the full.
The new eight-speed hand is a self-contained gearbox, and the hybrid model matches the power-controlled cvt gear. The new car is expected to enrich the long Anfort product matrix, triggering a full upgrade of a new generation of Fox, which sold more than 20,000 class A poles in 2013 and 2014 on average.
In November 2018, Fox came to the market for $10.88-1508 million, and the new car was built on the new C2 platform, the body of the car.
With a size of 4647/1810/1468 mm, the axle range of 2705 mm is 57 mm higher than the old, leading by 57 mm more than the old. The new generation of Fox is fully upgraded in its appearance, interior and configuration. On the power side, it provides 1.5t, 1.0t, and 1.5l, all using three-cylinder layouts matching the three-cylinder transmission boxes of 6mt, 6at, and 8t. The most powerful of which is the 1.5t-cylinder engine (ecoboost180).
For the Ford Mexico Chihuahua engine plant, the imported type, with a maximum power of 135kw, matches the latest 8t transmission box. For technology, the configuration is designed to be a 6-air capsule, a sync3 multimedia system, an 8-inch touch screen, an automatic light, a multifunctional steering wheel, etc., and can be equipped with a Fordco-pilot 360 intellectual driving support system, covering acc full-speed, self-adapted cruise control and an intelligent pilot support system.
The new generation of Fox sales is expected to warm up gradually, and the monthly sales are expected to reach about 7,000-10,000, leading to an increase in long Anfort’s performance. The explorer is about to produce a national product.
On January 14, 2019, the sixth-day Ford Explorer opened up in North America and was positioned in the medium-sized suv, with US$ 33860-59345 (approximately RMB 225,000-K$ 402,000) in the U.S. price range, and is expected to build on this model by 2020. In the size of the car, the length of the overseas version explorers is 5050, 2004 and 1775 mm, with an axle range of 3025 mm.
Compared to the older size, the length of the axle is reduced, but the maximum bright spot for the new car is a change in the previous wheel-drive model over many years, based on a new and new cd6-after platform, which also provides a st-motion model. On the external design, changes in the front face are mainly reflected in the gas grid, where the original inverted pattern is replaced by a new hexagon, with two major lights connected to the grid, using a bilateral four-way exhaust layout, the overall mass.
On the interior, a symmetrical control table layout with a vertical control screen, a high-scaling 10.1-inch control screen, an up-to-date Sync system, a seat layout with a 2+2+2+2 6 layout with a real leather seat. On the power side, a new car with a normal version with a 2.3t turbo-pressure engine and a 3.0tv6 turbo-pressure engine with its maximum power.
224kw, 272kw, peak torque 420nm, 515nm, all matching the 10at gearbox, and with a four-way system (the state of power after nationalization is or will change). The large suv of the current joint venture brand is still scarce and the Ford Explorer will compete directly with the Volkswagen.
With an average monthly sales of more than 7,000 vehicles in 2018, the Ford Explorer is expected to make good results. Lincoln opened up the national product, leaving five new cars in the next four years, and the Lincoln Car, a luxury brand for Ford, officially landed on the Chinese market in April 2014, and its sales in China have been high for nearly three years.
It's only 2% more than the same year, falling behind the luxuries of Cadillacs, Lexus, and so on. The Sino-Soldier International Securities, Cadillac, is a generic brand, Lincoln is a Ford brand, and it's a second-line luxury brand of the United States, and it's highly similar.
Sex, while the difference in market volumes has remained largely stable at 5-7 million vehicles, since 2013, Cadillac global sales have begun to grow rapidly, while Lincoln global sales have largely stalled, with 402,000 Cadillacs worldwide in 2018, 285,000 over Lincoln, and the rapid rise in sales in China, which is the main reason for the Katila Krakac gap.
Figure 53. Cadillacs and Lincoln at the market. Chart 54. Cadillacs and Lincoln's global sales.
Because of the large sedans in the location, which were not increased by localization, only 2.8l and 3.6l large-volume engines were provided, sold at no advantage, the market reflected a poor view, and then ceased production to import. In 2006, with a long sls-Sewe, the power of the switch to a small row of 2.0t in 2010, lower fuel consumption was accompanied by a sharp drop in entry prices, which increased sales to 708 vehicles in 2011.
The Cadillac shift strategy in 2013 was “low-price entry, mis-positioning,” opening the second round of national production. In 2013, the Cadillacs were nationalized, and sales continued to rise; in August 2014, the national production atts-l was launched, with sales exceeding 30,000 in 2015; in 2016, the cap 6, xt 5, with sales reaching 174,000 in 2017, a 47% increase over Volvo, Jaguar Lugger, Rexass.
After bba, the fourth most expensive car sales were made. Since the launch of the second round of national production in 2013 in Cadillac, the national model has gradually become the bulk of sales, rising rapidly, reaching 228,000 in 2018, a 31.4% increase in the same year, ats-l, xts, and xt5 sales out of 50,000.
Figure 56. Catalan national model sales, Figure 57. Cadillac sales in 2018.
As early as 2005, Lincoln entered China for the first time, sold through Ford's channel, when China's market demand for luxury cars was low, and Ford and Lin Ken's target customers were significantly different, coupled with a weak brand, old-fashioned, overpricing and low sales, 2008.
In 2013, Lincoln dropped to 82,000, with only 93,000 worldwide, and Lincoln launched a recovery plan, returning to China in 2014. The rise in consumption led to a good development of luxury brands, which sold a total of 2.745 million by 2018, an increase of 11.2% over the same period, far greater than the 4.1% drop in the use of cars.
In order to increase market share and capture the fast-growing Chinese market, Lincoln plans to use the Chinese market as the main battleground for Lincoln’s nationalization, with five national vehicles expected to arrive in the next four years, the first of which is Mkc, which is expected to be marketed by the end of 2018.
In February, the Zhejiang Provincial Development and Reform Commission agreed to the Anfort Lincolnu 611 by car production line project, based in Hangzhou, with a projected annual production of 250,000 vehicles and further implementation of Lincoln national production.
Lincoln is now investing three suv and two sedans in the Chinese market, with a price range of US$ 25,58 million - US$ 1,198.8 million. Lincoln mkc, Lin Kenmkx, Lincoln mkz, and Lincoln mainland sales are in the range of 12,000, almost evenly split. Lincoln sales still have a certain gap with the nationalized Cadillac, and sales prices are expected to decline further as the nationalization accelerates, and the Cadillac route will pick up even more.
Multi-consumer purchases are expected to confront the Jaguar Luggers, Cadillacs, and Lexus Chambers in the future. Chart 61. Lincoln's selling product maps mkc is the next medium suv of the Lincoln flag, which was officially introduced into domestic sales in 2014 at a price of $27,98-3768,000, for a new generation of mkc.
Lincoln's new generation of mkc uses the latest family design language, faces or rectangular gas grids with a large-sized logo in the middle, and the interior of the two-sided headlight group integrates a led-day traffic light. The rear-side view mirrors on the side of the car are either a mudscreen or a design similar to that of the aviator, with a mini-disturbation board on the tail, and the exhaust gas is bilateral.
Lincoln’s new generation of mkc is expected to ride a four-cylinder ecoboost engine, with an expected 48v light mix/plug-in hybrid power vehicle model, a transmission system or a six-speed hand-on-the-roll twitch box, and a four-drive-to-drive model for consumers. Lincoln mkc’s nationalization is expected to be more competitive in the market at lower prices, with Cadillac xt5 and Miranda taking over the market.
Figure 62. Lincoln's new mkc look and interiors.
Power allocation, brake aid, towed gravity control, body stabilization control, tire pressure monitoring, backloading images, rear parking radar, uphill support, and a full personal safety system.
Lincoln Nautilus was officially listed in February 2019 at a price of $39,88-52.88 million as a medium-term large government vehicle for cash mkx, located between mkc and the pilot; the overall design style continued the mkx powerful program, with the largest change being the Star emblem.
Design a fan front grid. The new car has a width of 4844/1936/1687 mm, with an axle range of 2849 mm. With regard to interiors, the multifunctional key area of the three irradiated steering wheels used for the new car has been completely newly designed, more qualitative than before, and has been added to the 12.3 inch full LCD. On power, the navigator carries two engines: 2.0t and 2.7t, with a maximum power of 245 horsepower and 355 horsepower, respectively, with a kinetic system.
The Mkx-carried 6ats have been upgraded to match the 8-speed automatic transmission box with the auto-deactivated function.
Fort has a very strong vision and plan for the Chinese market, and in October 2018 the Ford car announced the upgrading of Ford to an independent business unit.
As the third largest global marketing market, after the US and Europe, China grew rapidly in 2016 and before. In 2017, Ford's cumulative sales in China were 1,93,000 vehicles, a decline of 6.3% compared to the previous year, with Ford's cumulative sales in the company’s main joint venture, Anford.
14%, the most significant cause of Ford’s decline in sales in China. The situation did not improve in 2018, when Ford’s sales fell off the cliff, and in 2018 Ford’s cumulative sales in China were 75.2 vehicles, a 36.9% drop compared to the same sales in 2017, mainly due to the fall in sales in Long Anford, which was only 417,000 vehicles a year in aggregate.
Ford achieved business income of $16.3 billion in 2018, a 2 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit of $3.7 billion, and a decrease of nearly $4.1 billion from 2017. From the region, North America was the largest contributor to profits, generating $7.6 billion in pre-tax profits throughout the year, $1.1 billion in pre-tax losses for Asia and the Pacific, and tolling off the global record.
In an effort to reverse the decline, Ford has embarked on a deep adjustment that will boost profit levels in China at all levels and raise the strategic position of China’s market. In addition to focusing on driving new cars and electric motorization, network connectivity, and upgrading the decision-making of distributors in the network of distributors.
Participation and profitability levels, with reasonable inventory targets; cost, with local procurement to reduce the cost of raw materials and optimize the corporate structure of joint ventures to reduce management costs. With regard to senior management teams, after 10 months of vacancies in the post of Chief Executive Officer of the Ford China District, the former Chief Executive Officer of Chirre's car, Chen Xin, was in 2018
In October, he returned to Ford as Vice-President of the Ford Motors Group, President of Ford China, and President of Ceo. Prior to the 2009 Gallang Chiri Car, Chen Xing had served as Director of Ford's Global Operations for over 20 years. This was the first Chinese Global Vice-President in Ford's history, and the eighth Chinese district ceo appointed by Ford China in 10 years. Chen Xin will be responsible for Ford's car in Daejung.
In addition to being responsible for implementing Ford’s global strategy and leading Ford’s car in China for nearly a decade, the appointment of Chen Xing as a Chinese ceo is undoubtedly a key part of Ford’s strategy for localizing China’s talent management, highlighting Ford’s strategic goal of “China, for China.”
Chen Xin is expected to actively apply his experience in operating in the Chinese market, leading Ford to respond to the rapidly changing market environment, accelerating the 100-year process of localizing Ford in the Chinese market, bringing Ford closer to Chinese consumers, and creating a deeply popular brand image. Management’s localization has been reoriented and constructed, sending strong signals about Ford’s continued growth in China’s market, and the strategic position of China’s market in Ford is growing.
On 1 July 2018, the new National Marketing Service (ndsd) became fully operational, mainly for all Ford brand vehicles, including imported vehicles.
Marketing, sales and services in the national market, but not the Lincoln brand. The former Long Anfort Automobile Company would need to be run jointly by Chang Ann Ford and Ford Asia-Pacific, and then replaced by Ndsd, who would report directly to the Governor's Ann Ford Board of Directors as an independent business department.
Ndsd started to integrate the marketing system, present a unified Ford brand image for consumers in China, offer a comprehensive upgrading of service experience, and further distance from distributors and local markets. One of the important missions of marketing services is to enhance the impact of Ford brands.
The creation of a new corporate culture, the strengthening of mutual trust, the breaking of inter-sectoral barriers as far as possible, the acceleration of decision-making, the rapid response to market changes, and increased efficiency of operations are positive. New marketing services will also work closely with distributors, focus on claims, and rationalize strategies to help dealers regain confidence and improve the profitability of 4s stores.
In 2018, apart from an inventory factor of less than 2.0 per month in August, Chang Ann Ford exceeded the alert level for the rest of the month, with a 7-month stock factor greater than 2.5, reflecting the high sales pressure and risk to its distributors. Ndsd was established in July, with significant adjustments in its distributor management and performance appraisals. First, it reduced the burden of tasks on dealers, gave them priority to the digestion of stocks, and second, business policy changed twice a month.
Third, the dealer’s surplus stock is being absorbed, subsidized by the manufacturer. In general, in order to ease the dealer’s burden, the dealer’s voice is being heard more in stock management, tasking, marketing policy development, and appraisal.
Net One, managed by ndsd, allows consumers to buy whole-of-the-line products at any fours store in Ford. The marketing strategy of the newest product collars, built by Jiang Zhen Ford, is to sell two-nets, not only at the 4s store in Jiang Zhen Ford, but also to authorize sales to some of the senior Anford distributors.
Ford's reorganization of plant capacity, China's export opportunities, Ford's profits have been declining in recent years. According to Focus 2move, in 2018, Ford sold 5,734,000 vehicles globally, a decline of 8.9 per cent compared to the previous year. Some 70,000 people, most of them European employees, were laid off during the year, while the platform was downsized from its current nine to five, including one.
A pure electric car platform. In terms of product lines, suspension of car operations in the North American market, withdrawal from some South American countries, gradual withdrawal from the European market from the area of small and medium-sized vehicles, and a major build-up of cars. In April 2018, Ford announced a shutdown of 90% of car sales in the North American market, including Carnival, Taurus, Fusion (North American version).
In January 2019, Ford Motors announced that it would undertake a massive laydown in Europe, which was expected to exceed 3,000, and consider closing down the plant. In February 2019, Ford said that it would close its oldest factory in Brazil and withdraw from its heavy commercial trucks in South America.
According to Ford’s plan, a new generation of export-type Fox will be produced at Chongqing 2 factory, with a capacity of 75,000 vehicles per year, all exported to North America, and the future of Mondio will be produced only in China, and the production capacity of Ford’s Chinese factory will be increased. China’s strategic position will be raised, and with Ford’s restructuring and gradual reduction of production in North America, South America, and Europe, there will be more vehicles from home to the world in the future, with exports expected.
Long-Ammadella product upgrades and re-establishes the long-Anpsa and Chang-An-Suzuki, long-Amma-Ameda: cx-8 national production, and Anksala will be replaced.
In August 2012, with the approval of the National Development Reform Commission, Janmadha Motors Co. Ltd. became a modern joint venture with independent legal personality.
The company, the only one abroad in Madheda that produces, procures, develops, and sells one-size-fits-all, and the Nanjing factory produces 200,000 land-based vehicles per year. The Chang Amajeda main vehicle, Anksala and Cx-5, with two models, was able to close out 190,000 vehicles throughout the year 2016-2017.
In 2018, as a result of the overall collapse of the city, the volume of 165,000 vehicles sold by the city fell by 13.9 per cent, compared to the same period. In 2012-2017, the volume of sales by the city grew and net profits increased rapidly.
By 2020, it will also be introducing pure electric products based on a new energy vehicle model, flying Ma’Dalogo, to solve the problem of double points. In the future, Ma’al’a will be introducing a second generation of “skyactiv-x” technology engines and, hopefully, in Nanjing’s factory, Malaysia.
The introduction of automatic ignition techniques (pressure ignition fire) by the second generation of “skyactiv-x” engines, compressing the mix of gasoline and air through a piston, is the first practical application of a global product that will increase the rate of fuel consumption by 10-30 per cent compared to the current “skyactiv-g” full-speed zone, and the rate of improvement in the fuel consumption of the single engine over the current “breaking blue sky”
The oil engine (skyactiv-g) has been raised by up to 20-30%. Anxela's replacement engine, 2.0l, or a second generation of "skyactiv-x" is still lacking, and when Cx-8 comes to the market, it will fill the gap in medium and large suv, and completes the big suv segment of the cx-8 sword finger.
The large suv in the cx-8 position, with a sale price of $25.88-3008,000, was officially listed in December 2018. Cx-8 retains the interior design of the overseas model, uses the family design language, has chrome-plating packages in the front of the grid, is integrated into the open-eye lamp group, is not only active, but also has a higher degree of recognition, the tail is designed to be very mobile, and a chrome-plating decorated line runs through both sides of the tail group.
The interior still follows the Japanese version, which is converted from the right rudder layout to the left rudder, with a simple and stylistic view of the entire control table, equipped with suspended controls, multifunctional steering wheels, single-key start-up, electronic stationary vehicles, etc., and will also be marked with seven layouts. On the power side, the national product cx-8 will be fitted with 2.5l.
A four-cylinder natural inhaler engine with a maximum power of 192 horsepower and a transfer system matching a six-speed hand with a self-portfolio. Figure 75. Madjdacx-8 look and interior cx-8 competitions are mainly large suvs from the Toon, Hanlanda, acute, etc., and are expected to be sold at an average of around 3,000 vehicles per month after stabilization.
Long Anpsa: Strengthening new vehicle inputs and relieving production pressure for substitute workers Long Anpa contributed 2 billion dollars each in 2011 to the Chang An Cars Company Ltd. and the French Psa Group, and 2 billion dollars to buy 50% of the shares from the parent company in 2013.
Two hundred thousand and six57 million long Anpsa R & D centers, built in parallel with factories, were officially inaugurated in 2014, including the R & D Centre’s office building, test centres, test workshops, test runways, and so on.
In January 2018, Chang Anpa and the Psa group increased the amount of $3.6 billion in cash to Chang Anpa, after selling up to 24,000 vehicles in 2015, owing to the age of the power system, the overall design was out of the interest of domestic consumers. The programme was mainly based on the production of new energy vehicles by Chang Anpa, and the failure of Shenzhen factory to use the energy to produce the Chang An autonomous brand to globalize it using the Shenzhen plant as its base.
Expanding; increasing ds financial and technical inputs to try to invest an annual ds product in the domestic market starting in 2018. In 2015, long-term avalanche powered version was offline at the ds plant, and the Chang-An autonomous suvcs85 was also produced at the ds plant, so that the remaining capacity could be addressed through surrogates, and losses were expected to shrink. According to the Chang-Anpsa plan, a new ds6 and ds7 and a new class D flagship would be launched in 2019.
Three new cars, a new ds6 and a new ds7 will be launched at the Shanghai Car Fair in April, and the D-class flag car will be launched at the Guangzhou Car Fair in November, and sales are expected to warm back with the new car on the market. To reverse the situation, Chang Anpasa will look to new areas like electric cars, auto-drives, and smart web links to discover new growth points.
The group has decided to increase the use of electrically engineered products on ds, to develop plug-in hybrid vehicles and the first pure electric vehicles, which are expected to be launched in 2019. The Psa group has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Pedupollo platform to actively explore the depth of collaboration in autopilots and car networking domains, building technologies, commercial ecology for autopilots, smart network connections and intelligent transport, and exploring volume production at the level of 1.3.
In May 1993, Chang An Suzuki was founded with a registered capital of $190 million, held by Chang An, Suzuki-Japan, Suzuki-China, and Suzuki-Invest Ltd., with 50%, 40%, and 10% respectively.
The sale of Chang An Suzuki was the first to break 150,000 vehicles throughout the year, and in 2010 and 2011 it continued to grow well, reaching 200,000 and 220,000 vehicles, respectively, who were known as "the kings of small cars." After having reached the peak of 220,000 vehicles in 2011, Chang An Suzuki began to fall sharply each year.
The share of the small car market is shrinking year after year, and the size of the atmosphere is heating up in the market. Chang An Suzuki lost market development opportunities, sold only 41,000 vehicles throughout the year in 2018, lost 51.2% in the same year, lost $110 million in the first four months of 2018, and is increasingly in China’s market position.
In December 2013, Chang An Suzuki launched a suv-style vehicle, but fell sharply as a result of the “resonance door” slogan. In 2014, Chang Suzuki developed a “1855” strategy, a total of more than five new products are planned for release by 2018, bringing the annual number of vehicles to 500,000.
The lack of strategic linkages with the market, the scarcity of new products, the absence of new models for the Chinese market, and the inactivity of the new energy domain have led to a lack of core competitiveness and new performance growth points for Chang An Suzuki, whose sales continue to decline. There are two factories, the first of which is located in the Panan district of Chongqing, with a total capacity of 250,000; and the second one, which has a capacity of 250,000.
On September 4, 2018, Chang An's car announced an agreement with Japan and Suzuki-China to buy 40% of the Japanese Suzuki and Suzuki-China shares of Suzuki-kun in cash.
After the acquisition is completed, the Chang An vehicle will hold 100% of the share in Chang An Suzuki, and Chang An Suzuki will be converted from a joint venture to a fully-owned subsidiary. One of the strategic demands of this acquisition is that the Chang An Suzuki assets are of good quality and equipment facilities such as the factory production line are well developed.
In November 2018, the Long Suzuki Institute officially boarded up as a branch of Chang An’s research and development.
According to the development plan of the Longbell Institute, by 2020, the Longbell Institute will have improved its product development system and will have the capacity to develop model and electric vehicle products; by 2023, it will be importing new platforms, building up s4 product planning, modelling, engineering development, testing, etc.
The Longbell Institute will re-engineer Jang Suzuki’s brand image and market positioning, thus giving Chang An Suzuki a new boost to growth. Jiang Suzuki Holdings: to introduce strategic investors, the return on investment is expected to return to the company’s joint venture Jiang Suzin Holdings, which is to be divided into the Gang Suzuki Investment (new company) and the Jiang Suzin Holdings (sustained company) in a sustainable manner.
Each company holds 50% of the shares of the Chang An Car and the Jiang Suzu Group. The Jiang Suzuran Holdings will invest 41.03% of the shares of the Jiang Suzuran (financial liability of $300 million) in the new company. The Jiang Suzuran Holdings are now engaged in all operations, including the separation of land, plant, machinery and equipment, know-how, qualification, eligibility for use, operating qualifications, goodwill, etc.
The Jiang bell Holdings (remaining company) intends to introduce a strategic investor through a publicly listed replenishment, and the company relinquishes its priority annual deficit of 178 million (before separation) and $117 million (after separation) in February of the first 19 years, and the Jiang bell Holdings through the introduction of strategic investors to reform restructuring, product definition of embedded strategic investors, marketing innovation and talent incentives with the advantages of state-owned enterprise technology, manufacturing and quality.
A complementary combination of advantages, such as controls, the prospect of comprehensive innovation in Jiang bell holdings, the stimulation of dynamism, the prospect of a loss reduction in the company, the opening of a third entrepreneurship by the company ' s own brand, the re-engineering of the product system, the separation of four independent brands, the acceleration of electric motorization, intelligence, and the strengthening of institutional reforms and efficiency enhancements, with an increase in the volume and profitability of autonomous brands expected from 2018 to 2020.
Fort set in motion the “China 2025” and “Fort China 2.0” strategies, Chang Anfort opened a new product cycle, Lincoln accelerated nationalization, and Ford China upgraded to a stand-alone business module, and set up an integrated marketing system for a new marketing service, with a new agency, Ndsd.
In the hope of significant gains, sales and profits are expected to increase significantly, with sales projected at 378,000 long Anfort sales, 430 thousand from 2018 to 2020, large-scale suvcx-8 from Chang Anmajda marketed in December 2018, a change from Anksala in 2019, and prospective national production cx-3 sales expected to return to the same level, with sales projected at 166,000 from 2018 to 2020, 190 million from Long Amma sales and 215,000 from operating income.
In 2019, ds will launch a large number of new vehicles and will remove the excess capacity of substitute workers, with the prospect of a shrinking deficit for the long Anpsa. Overall, corporate gross operating income is expected to grow steadily from 2018 to 2020 at 670.5 billion, 75.9 billion, and 79.740 billion yuan, respectively.
We've counted the increase in vehicle sales since 2001, the increase in m1, the increase in vehicle sales, the increase in investment in real estate development, the increase in investment in real estate development, the increase in gdp, the higher correlation between vehicle sales and the increase in m1, the higher correlation between the completion of investment in real estate development and the increase in gdp, the lag behind the increase in car sales and the increase in m1, which is a precursor to the economy.
Industry, which accounts for about 30% of total retail sales of social consumer goods, together with real estate, constitutes an important engine for the economy. Figure 85. The automobile industry has an early cyclical nature, and the motor vehicle industry was recovering in 2013 and 2016, when the motor vehicle index and the passenger vehicle index performed significantly better than the preceding index and multiplied it.
In terms of shares, industrial recovery benefits most from the product cycle, with the Great Wall car, the Chang-Ann car, and the Great Wall car and the Volkswagen Group in 2016 benefiting most. In 2018, the car small-volume acquisition tax policy was withdrawn completely, and internal and external factors, such as trade friction between China and the United States, and the slowdown in economic growth, were compounded by internal and external factors.
At the end of the year, there was about 133 private cars in the country, far below the level of 500-800 in countries like Europe and America. Regionally, there are still 20 provinces with less than 150 private cars, 5 provinces with less than 100 private cars, 3- and 4-line urban and rural areas still have low levels, and there is still much room for greater penetration.
Industry sales are still expected to continue to grow for many years, and the need for upgrading that will result from future high holdings will also be a major influence on the purchase of cars.
Cars, the largest category of consumer goods in the world, began to show negative growth for eight consecutive months in May 2018, and cars became an important area for stimulating consumption. Ten ministries, including the National Development and Reform Commission, co-authored a joint proposal to promote car consumption, and to promote the orderly replacement of old and old cars, the renewal of rural cars, the possibility of three wheels of automobiles and the purchase of vehicles for rural residents.
The government reports clearly indicate the need to stabilize the consumption of cars from 16% to 13% in April 2019, and the Ministry of Commerce has indicated that it will do more to optimize the environment, increase supply, promote consumption, expand consumption, etc.
In response to a drive-down policy, many car companies are expected to boost consumer confidence, a negative monthly increase in vehicle sales began in July 2018, a low base of sales in the second half of the year, which is expected to be higher and lower in the second half of the year 2019, and stronger in the second half of the year than in the second half. According to the Sino-Air Association data, there was a 17.5% drop in vehicle sales in January-February 2019.
In the event that an enterprise takes the initiative to move to stock, the volume of retail sales by car, in the narrow sense of January-February 2019, fell by 9.8 per cent on the same basis, compared to the four quarters of 2018, when the demand for the end rebounded and the industry recovered.
In February 2019, Chang-Aoshan announced that he had taken the lead in implementing a subsidy for cars, with a maximum subsidy of $22,000. Chang-Aan had previously taken root in the countryside, creating a good reputational effect for farmers in recent years.
Rapid income growth, rising consumption structure, new product cycles with a re-branding of the Chang-Ann auto brand, a breakthrough, a recovery in the industry and its own product cycle, and the prospect that the Chang-Aan car will still be the most beneficial driver of the current round of stimulus consumption, with a 300.9 per cent increase in the depths of the current year and a 34.9 per cent increase in the Sino-Car Index, which is 28.9 per cent weaker than that of the big city, and is in the lower position of the industry.
With the car index rising by only 14.6%, the market has more than adequately reflected the decline in automobile sales over the past months. The current Sino-Sin automobile market surplus is improving significantly, and the Sino-Sin car plate is expected to be revalued.
Other companies in the car block are also in a relatively undervalued position. Industry is expected to recover, coupled with company autonomy and the arrival of Long Anfort, with a new cycle with greater profitability, industry and company resonance, and companies are expected to evaluate the chances of repair.
1) Increased competition in the car market, with lower sales and lower profitability; 2) lower than expected sales of new vehicles.
Income statement (RMB million) Operating profits (pre-tax profits) Core per share (RMB)