C3 sails c2 start a new game — satellite petrochemicals (002648.sz) and we recommend companies based on a two-point logic:
I. The ethylene ethylene ethylene construction project, with high safety margins and high elasticity, covers the entire industry chain of “airfields, pipelines, pipelines, liquefieds, chemicals” of 19 February 2020, reflecting its determination and implementation in an efficient and coordinated manner;
The company has been successful in effectively locking up upstream ethane resources, in controlling and controlling downstream products by middle- and sea. Cao Xuant has used three links to connect and integrate them in a holistic manner.
Pipe and Liquefied links lock in ethane resources through co-financing with the U.S. Pipeline giants, and stabilize the costs of pipelines. Retortion costs from the network/Liquefied plant point of view, $125 per tonne base, and with liquidity, Liu Shao Jing
The maritime link ensures a stable supply of ethane through a long-term approach that avoids fluctuations in the shipping cycle and maintains a cost advantage. Rent is estimated at $70,000 per day ($93/ton), and ton freight is estimated at $82 to $104.
The ethylene project is neutral, pessimistic, optimistic and has a net annual net gain of $16, 660 million and 4.3 billion, respectively. Additional security cushions at the bottom of the cycle: ethylene cycle is lower than coal head-to-head costs of $550 and more than acetylene energy costs of $105.
Safety margins and high elasticity: ethanol/pe drop tolerance is 88% at historical base, ethane is rising, shale gas supply in the United States remains loose, ethane/propane cost dividends continue. Shale gas production in the United States is projected to increase >6%, and production will continue as single well production rises, mining costs decrease, and well pacing is regulated.
There has been a steady increase in production of 2019 ethylene, 1.82 million barrels per day, an increase of 7 per cent, ngl release, a slowdown in downstream U.S. projects, and ethane in the U.S. where the extraneous laxity has made it easier for companies to access stable, cheap resources.
Acrylic acids are predominantly downstream (60 per cent, with paints accounting for 36 per cent of acrylic esters, glues for 31 per cent), sap (20 per cent), shampoo (7.5 per cent), and the demand for real estate (paints) and logistics (plastics) leads to acrylates rises to 5-7 per cent.
The new December data coatings increased by 38 per cent by more than 24 million tons, and the paint/tape view and scale index continued to rise, with demand rising as a result of the steady pace of completion of the construction of the property, which increased to 2.6 per cent, taking into account the weekly period after the completion of the property, environmental requirements, the increased penetration of the network and the impact of large-scale materialization.
Consumption is stable, ageing, low penetration rates, and household size reduction combines to contribute to a better and more concentrated supply and demand pattern for sap. New production capacity is expected to be low and concentrated in the public sector (180,000 tons of acid per 300,000 tons of esters and 60,000 tons of sap), and production capacity and cost advantages reinforce the leader position.
Satellite petrochemicals were established in 2005 and have been focused on the development of the c3 industrial chain and have developed a "propane-propylene-acrylate and ester-high molecular polymer" pattern.
In 2005, when it was established, the main camp was acrylic ester, and in 2009, the integration of alumni chemicals expanded to high-molecular emulsions. – In 2012, polymetallicization was acquired, and the industrial chain expanded upstream to pdh.
In 2017, the Cylon Harbour petrochemical project was set up to invest over 30 billion in the phased construction of 3.2 million tonnes of light hydrocarbons for the production of low-cost ethylene and downstream products resulting from the shale gas revolution in the United States, with a phase consisting of fission, eoeg and hdpe devices, which are expected to be commercialized in 2021 and will be connected to the c2 chain.
:: 450,000 tons of pdh, 150,000 tons of polypropylene were produced in 2019, with a consolidated status of c3 and enhanced speech rights. Figure 3: Corporate development history. Figure 5: Rapid growth in construction as part of the light hydrocarbons project process (millions of yuan, %)
Figure 6: The satellite petrochemical industry chain 1.2 Corporate revenue structure is gradually being optimized and corporate revenue structure is made more rational as the business of the company expands and the industrial chain continues to improve.
Satellite petrochemicals, soon after their acquisition of polyclinics in 2013, accounted for the second largest business of the company, rising from 5.5% in 2014 to 22.5% in 2017. With 450,000 new ACs expected to become operational in 1885, the low-cost ACs and ACs are available through the pdh extension.
Substream demand has improved, and future profitability is expected to rise. Sap operations are growing rapidly. Satellite petrochemical phase 30,000 sap autonomous research and development, with additional capacity of 60,000 tons in 2016 and access to the supplier system, is expected to expand in the future with three 60,000 tons in production.
The Māori structure and Māori ratio of the individual segments of the company are adapted to the changing landscape. The pigments intermediate and high-molecular milk Māori ratio is better (55% and 35%, respectively), and the Māori intermediate ratio has risen steadily from 2.5% in 2011 to 2.5%.
The company’s continuous expansion of pdh and the increase in downstream sap production have led to the improvement of the c3 industry chain, with low-cost propane cost advantages expanding the profit margins of the entire industry chain, and demand for products such as downstream sap will also drive up demand. The company’s upcoming construction of ethylene will lead to an increase in upstream demand.
Ethylene production will also improve the chain layout of the c2 industry, and the advantages of vertical integration will be highlighted over time.
The company’s ownership structure is clear, relatively concentrated, and Yang Wei
The East couple holds 35.28% of the company’s shares directly or indirectly and 58.09% of the company’s voting rights.
The intermediate plate is primarily the responsibility of the friendly chemical industry. As of 2019.11, the satellite held shares held in 119 million shares, representing 28 per cent of the shares held directly by the issuer and 11.17 per cent of the total equity of the issuer.
The company’s net profit growth has been stable. The company benefits from continued investment and optimization of its productive capacity and warming, such as acrylic acid and esters.
Since 2015, the net return of a company has grown rapidly, with a net return of $920 million in the first three quarters of 2019, close to the year-round level of 2018, with a projected completion of the c2 industry chain and a rebound of c3 and a stable low asset-liability ratio compared to comparable companies. Corporate asset-liability ratios have been low, with cash collection for operating activities.
The ratio is 48.3 per cent, lower in the chemical industry, lower in comparison with comparable companies, indicating that the company ' s financial structure is reasonable, that the company ' s recent firm growth is expected to be released, and that the ratio of corporate assets and liabilities is expected to decrease. The cash ratio for sales has risen faster.
Compared to the double increase, the company ' s cash-backing capacity increased and the use of funds improved. Figure 11: The cost rate has steadily declined over the period (%). 2. A three-dimensional 3-D validation of Ethylene project resistance to cycle risk
The company ' s ethylene ethylene construction project is located at a petrochemical base in Lilonghu port, and the project ' s main raw materials are imported 400,000 tonnes/year hdpe and 2 72/91 000/year eo/eg units. 2.1 Upstream resource locking - midstream multi-point transport - downstream high-efficiency casting of the core barriers
Market barriers to the full range of resources, progress, costs, and returns on investment that they “all-stage lock-in” are inadequate. The core barriers are the effective lock-in of upstream ethane resources, the control of inter-boundary domestic and maritime transport, the low degree of sophistication of downstream ethylene, the much more complex acquisition of raw materials, transport, and the eng industrial chain, combined with downstream use as a pure market.
Competition, if you enjoy the shale gas dividend of the United States, requires that the whole chain be fully connected and considered: successful implementation and operation of the whole project is never easy. Because of the small number of upstream trading participants, the complex process at the petrochemical plant, and the combination of the eng industrial chain plus ethylene complex, the process technology is essentially, upper and lower and heavy, the raw material product.
Both markets. Several features of the industrial chain are: the mature price of mbethane, utilities similar to piped and liquefied separation, the unestablished maritime maturity trading system, and the maturity of downstream ethylene projects. (In terms of prices, the intermediates are contract prices, no market pricing, and this is key to the cost advantage of the ethylene ethylene project)
Forward-looking, determined and executive-oriented corporate barriers in area c2. The company's upstream joint venture is synchronized with lock-in resources, midstream benefits through lock-in shipowners like modern, medium- and long-range, downstream benefits through project efficiency, and business interfaces. But the point is that: one, determination and enforcement are relevant in the process of going into this area.
Key: In 17-18 years, the market has published dozens of ethylene ethylene ethylene projects, and only companies have actually achieved resource locking and substantive progress: 2 - In the future, although ethane resources are not scarce, if trade companies such as aec end, fleet progress is uncontrollable: 3 - if new entrants fully copy satellite models, full-time duration is at least 5 years.
From pipeline companies, shipowners, project owners, three dimensions of the whole company ' s costs, benefits, advantages, advantages, and an objective and quantitative assessment of the company ' s effectiveness against cyclical risks. 2.2 Pipelines and liquefactions cost $85 to $125 per ton to generate an additional $30 million in investment returns.
In the United States, pipeline transport is mainly provided by several major pipeline operators (the U.S.A. 2/3 of ethane supply) such as eergytransfer, enterprise, oneok, targa, etc.
Pipeline tariffs, services, project construction, environmental protection, etc. are regulated, making it more difficult to incur unreasonable increases in pipeline costs due to monopolies. Moreover, because of its high capital expenditure, it is a more typical asset-intensive business in the energy industry chain, with a profit model of obtaining longer-term and stable cash flows through capex.
The company works with the United States pipeline storage company, emergytransfer (et), to partially avoid progress and quality risks. According to the announcement, the company contributed $296 million, or 47 per cent, to the establishment of orbit (Orbital Gulf of Mexico Mixed Gas Export Company Ltd.), consisting mainly of 20-inch ethane pipelines, and 175,000 barrels/
By the end of September 2019, the company had a total asset of $455 million, a total liability of $85 million, and a net asset of $370 million. Transporting and liquidating mbethane to China. This link is operated in the form of spmt, which liaises with government, civil society organizations, contractors, suppliers, and stores on the local network.
From the point of view of the pipe network and the liquefied plant project, a reasonable assessment of its costs and affordable revenue from freight costs.
Cash flow, which is charged to downstream petrochemical customers for pipeline fluidization, costs mainly energy consumption, depreciation, etc., with a relatively high net interest rate. The fee rate of $80 to $180 per ton is related to liquefied technology, pipe length, investment, etc. Fire and depreciation are 65% of the cost. We measure a net interest rate of 29% and a total cost of 55% of the revenue.
The internal rate of return of 12% is the benchmark for reasonable counter-introduction charges. The oil and gas industry links, such as pipelines, lang fluidization, receiving stations, storage operations, etc., are characterized by more stable revenue and cash flows, higher prior-period investments, government controls, etc.
It is characterized by a lower rate of return relative to petrochemical projects in typical projects, both domestic and foreign, at 6-10%. Given the ethane flow stability perspective, the required Irrr will be increased appropriately, with 12% of petrochemical projects typically yielding the best possible option, such as taking due account of their higher speech rights, there may also be a slight increase in contract negotiations between the parties, but above all.
In the baseline scenario, the amount of $125/tonne for tube fluidization takes into account only the quantity of ethane required for a period. In the light of the relevant engineering experience, the project received an average of $220 million per year, a net profit of $65.24 million, a net interest rate of 29 per cent, and a unit fluidization cost of $1.45-1.75 pct/10 for after-tax impact on ethane costs.
The most important factors are also the clauses of greatest concern to the parties, which have a greater impact on the benefits of the joint venture, irr 8 per cent after tax and $36.5 million net profit in case unit costs are reduced to $100 under the base scenario, and irr. volume of pipe fluidization affects 0.72 to 1 pct per 100,000 tons after tax.
In the baseline scenario, if the amount of piped fluidization is reduced to 1.25 million tons, then the net profit is 7 per cent after tax, $31 million after tax, and if design work is achieved, the impact of the project investment on the post-tax Irr is 1.6 - 247 pct/US$. If the project investment is increased to US$ 1 billion.
8% after tax and $63 million net profit, or 14% after tax and $70 million if savings are made to $650 million. The impact on net interest rates is 2.7pc/$. • Under-60% of the capacity of a joint venture project during the post-natal period, the unit cost for the prior period is relatively high, as in the second period.
The scale effect will reduce unit costs by 40 (15% of irr) ~ 51 USD (12% of irr). Even in the first phase, the project will provide ethane to India, Norway, Brazil, the United Kingdom, etc., and we will reduce unit costs by between $18 and $107 for extra short exports of about 300,000 tonnes per year.
Stable investment returns of $30 million are another advantage of joint ventures. A major feature of middle- and middle-stream operations is a steady cash flow.
It is determined that, in addition to its primary role in targeting the resources of the CLIP, the company will receive a stable investment return from the project and that the cost of ethane and the return on investment will be effectively balanced.
Figure 25: Impact of pipeline fluidity on project irr. Figure 27: Trends in the cost of pipeline fluidization in joint venture units (in United States dollars) Figure 26: Impact of investments on pipeline irr and net interest rates (in United States dollars)
Figure 28: Unit transfer and collection at different rates of return 2.3 Maritime freight is expected to be around $82 - $104 long to ensure a stable supply of ethane. Maritime transport is an important link in the import chain of ethylene ethylene, which determines whether ethane resources are actually realized
The cost advantage of the Ethylene project is maintained when it is effectively locked. Given the relatively small amount of sea transport (ot-88°C, less than 4 million tons, 1.3 million units) and the fact that it is associated with lang from the industrial chain, operating strips, 320 million tons of global trade a year, more than 78 million units a year, the trade in ethylene will also follow this direction:
(b) More than 70% of ships in transit and under construction are bound to specific projects, and long-term lease contracts (> 15 years) are signed with the lessee.
The cost of shipping is more than 20% of the cost of the ethane feeder, far higher than the cost of oil, and ng is 20-50%. 2x6 units of LVL 98,000 provide ethylene transport services for the company ethylene project phase I and phase II, respectively.
The long-term charter agreement has been signed and the owner includes the modern, medium- and long-range international eng transport giants and is expected to be phased in in the near future. It is reasonable to assess the daily hire of the ethane ship from the owner’s point of view.
The charterer (the owner) provides the charterer (the company) with the crew, the charterer rents and pays the lessor a daily rate of rent, the lessee pays for fuel, etc. The shipping project, Irr, is an important reference in the contract negotiations between the parties.
Depreciation and repair costs are 60% of the cost (the main fuel uses ethane). We measure net interest rates at 48%, total costs at 45% of revenue, and other costs are mainly employee remuneration, financial and administrative costs. Vlec shipowners require relatively higher benefits than typical ships, such as vlcc. The internal rate of return is 14%.
Given the added value of the ethane feedstock properties and the modest increase in the claim by the owner, the owner of the vessel would require an internal rate of return of 8 to 12% of the vessel vlcc. The average daily rent for sea transport under the baseline scenario would be $70,000 and $93 equivalent to tons of ethane freight.
After receiving the tax, Irr 14.1% received an annual average of $25.55 million, a net profit of $12.33 million, a net daily gain of $34,000, a total daily cost of $32,000, a daily cash operating cost of $210,000, a net interest rate of 48%, and a dollar/dollar.
Terms of interest to the tenant, under the base scenario, if the daily rent is reduced to $60,000, after tax 11.5 per cent, net profit $8.95 million, net profit of $25,000 per unit, and after tax 16.5 per cent, daily rent for 12 years and changes significantly, taking into account the characteristics of the “project vessel”
It is clear that the recovery period for their investments is considered to be shorter than the traditional ship type, and therefore less likely to cost < $50,000 per day. The net interest rate has a more significant impact, while the high (>7.5) phase has a weaker impact, mainly as a result of a trend change in the impact on net interest rates as a result of the higher fixed cost as a molecule in shipping projects and rent as a denominator.
A scenario analysis of the daily and unit sea freight rates at different rates of return shows that freight costs are $82 per day, $61,000 per day, 16 per cent per day and $93 per ton per ton per ton. High-frequency data show that freight costs for soybeans in US Gulf are reasonable.
US$ 40/t, while US$ 30/t is higher for US$ 40/t, while US$ 30 is higher for US$ 30/t for US$ 55/t for US$ 55/t for US$ 55/t for US$ 55/t for US$ 90/t for US$ 90/t for US$ 90/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ 40/t for US$ for US$ 40/t for US$ 90/t for US$ for US$ 90/t for US$ 90/t for US$ for US$ 90/t for US$ for US$ 90. Therefore, we believe that the measured freight costs for HF market prices are reasonable.
Increased demand for the transport of ethane and an appropriate increase in the speed of navigation will guarantee the stability of maritime transport costs. In the next five years, vlec and small and medium-sized ethane will require about 20 and 15, respectively, and it is expected that the total demand for ethane ships will exceed 80 in 2025.
Ship design speeds range from about 20 knots to 16 knots, and in the future a moderate increase in speed can increase transport turnover (with savings of 3 days/sections) and reduce total operating costs. Sea freight rates and transport stability are guaranteed.
Figure 34: Significant impact of marine freight on project irr (US$ million/day) Figure 36: Reduced impact of rent on net interest rates after US$ 75,000 (US$ 7 million/day) Figure 42: US$ 40/tonne in recent freight costs for Bay Soya beans
Figure 41: Near-term liquefied gas prices for US$ 90/t in the Far East are expected to show that the benefits of the 2.4 Ethylene project have combined advantages of high safety margins and high elasticity.
Liquefied-maritime-Chemicals” full-industry collusive and cost-effective teststones to benefit from the shale gas dividend of the United States. 2.4.1 Bottom competitiveness of the ethanol cycle: coal head-off cost - $550 RMB-105 ethanol is the main product of the project and will continue to grow in the future as capacity expands significantly due to raw materials, production capacity, processes, land
There is increasing competition for differences in domain, integration, etc., with higher downward pressure on prices, but there is a clear advantage in the expansion of capacity and subsequent clean-up as compared to the small capacity of the coal and ethylene systems of the two major competitors in the market: ethanol, which is more typical of coal, has a cost advantage of $550 at the bottom. 2015 - now considering production.
Even taking account of coal head ethanol and meth/tonne, this cost advantage is sufficient to guarantee the steady operation of the project and to provide sufficient certainty in the future liquidation phase. The ethanol component of the project has a 105-dollar operating cost advantage at the bottom of the cycle as a large production capacity.
The single line eoe is more than 700,000 tons, with a bottom cost advantage of $105 compared to small- and medium-scale capacity in the same process (financial costs, depreciation, amortization of small- and medium-sized capacity have been deducted and ethylene has been compared with the historical low of US$ 385 in the north-east of 2008.11cfr). The main cost difference is the lower consumption of raw materials and power consumption as a result of progress in the process.
The main products, ethanol, eo, hdpe, are at a low price of 20 per cent, 9 per cent and 3 per cent, respectively; furthermore, ethanol can be converted to eo within a certain design surplus, and we estimate that ethanol can bring incremental benefits of 110 million yuan per conversion to the project.
Figure 43: Central 1600 cost advantage for company ethanol over coal. Figure 44: Large output has 105 cost advantage over the middle energy ethanol base. Figure 45: Lower disposal position for eo and hdpe.
Figure 46: Each conversion of 100,000 tonnes of ethanol will yield an incremental benefit of 110 million, and we apply three scenarios of neutrality, pessimism and optimism to the project, based on the characteristics of the project, showing a high safety margin at the bottom and a combination of elasticity:
Diol and hdpe have fallen to $3,300 and $6,300, respectively, taking into account technological maturity, rising loads, partial conversion of ethanol products, pipelines and liquefied drops. To historical lows. In extreme cases, 25 per cent of the tariff on ethane on this basis has been reduced to $1.683 million.
The cost of raw materials is significantly lower than that of refined oil (90%) and petrochemicals (80-85%), based on an average price of 2019, net of the raw materials ' combustion cost of 58% and depreciation of 19%. The main advantage of the project is that it is low-cost and the fuel gas required for the ethylene ethylene project is relatively high.
In 2019, for example, the share of ethanol, hdpe, eo, hydrogen, 40%, 23%, 20%, 7%, and 9% respectively. In 19 years, ethanol products were relatively low, with the expected price of ethanol falling sharply, while the share of other products was relatively stable.
2.4.4 Sensitivity analysis shows that the project ' s tolerance for ethanol/hdpe is at a historical base price of 88 per cent, with an average annual net profit of $2 billion and a net profit of $1460 per tonne of ketamine at an average price in 2019.
The recovery in the price of ethanol and the fall in the price of ethane, with an average annual net profit of $2.2 billion. The project can reach 88% of the historical base price for ethanol/pe tolerance. If the combined average price falls by 32% ($1608, net profit).
An analysis of the price shows that a 2 per cent reduction will result in a net profit reduction of 90 ton of HFOs, a lower interest rate for devices such as hdpe, eoeg, etc., which are more mature, and if the operating load reaches 110 per cent, the net profit on the project will reach 2.35 billion yuan, while the after-tax Irr will rise to 17 per cent, and the load will increase the project.
The problem is that the overall start-up rate for the plant dropped to 80% and the net profit per year fell to 1.35 billion yuan. The 35% increase in the price of extra-purchase raw materials reduced the net profit of the project to 57.7 million yuan. The 57% increase in the price of the project ethane reduced the net profit of the project to 40 million yuan after the project tax.
The net profit fell by $104 million per 88/ton (3 per cent, $12.7 per ton), the price of ethane rose by 18 per cent, and the project benefits went back from 2013 to 2019, based on current and calendar product market prices.
According to the report, the total net profit from the project was $2 billion to $4.3 billion, which was largely due to the relatively low level of raw material B due to the high shale oil and gas development at the time, the significant increase in net profit due to low product prices, 17/18 due to the price of spinning and heating products, which rose to more than 4 billion, and the 19/current net profit, which was more similar to the simultaneous decline in the prices of raw materials and products in the current year, i.e.,
This is why Irr is still more than 15%, indicating that the project actually benefits from shale gas emissions through a coordinated industrial chain. Promoting chemical warming, with relatively stable prices for ethane, has led to relatively high net interest rates, and 2019 – now net interest rates have shown a sharp downward trend, mainly as a result of falling prices for ethanol and polyethylene from lower oil prices and increasing capacity at the same time.
The cost hub is $3490, and the unit cash operating cost is $2844. Overall, retroactivity indicators are excellent.2.5 The supply of ethane in the United States will remain relaxed, as well as positive growth when oil prices fell to $28 in early 16, and the United States became a net exporter of natural gas in September 1717.
Despite the recent decline in the number of natural gas rigs, shale gas production has increased as a result of the increased production of single wells. The US's main power field ethane content is high (8-12%). We believe that as mining costs are decreasing, the pace of completion is flexible, and production of shale gas will continue to increase steadily, thus laying the foundation for steady growth in ethane production.
In the United States, the production of ngl ethane and propane in its composition was sustained by shale gas at 30% to 40%, and the recent rate of increase has risen to 10% and has been positive since 2009. In the first 11 months of 2019, the production of ethane was 1.8 million barrels per day (37.7 million tonnes per year) at a rate of 7%, with 15.4% of exports also at 280,000 barrels.
While ngl’s continued release plus the slowdown in the US’s downstream ethylene project, domestic ethane resources in the US are expected to remain relaxed, and in the case of remaining bottlenecks at export terminals such as wharfs, the laxness in the U.S. is favourable for thousands of barrels per day. The recent price of mbethane, along with the price of hh gas, reflects relatively relaxed expectations.
Figure 63: A steady increase in shale gas production in the United States
Figure 67: Total national gas supply continues to increase, Figure 68: US natural gas production increases by around 10 per cent, Figure 70: ethane production reached 1.8 million barrels per day in the first 11 months of 2019
Figure 69: Growing production of ngl in the United States Figure 71: US exports of ethane remain stable Figure 72: US exports of ethane to 250,000 bpd
Figure 73: The difference between the price of mbethane and hh gas is around US$ 1/mmbtu Figure 74: Relatively low prices of ngl components such as ethane, propane, etc. 3. Markets for major products will grow steadily
3.1 Acrylic acids and esters will benefit from a more concentrated process of reclamation and consumption of 3.1.1 Acrylic acids (acrylicacid, aaa) as an important organic synthetic material monolithic and the simplest non-saturated acid.
Production of a range of acrylic acids (60%) and acrylic acid condensates. Polymers can be used for synthetic resins, synthetic fibres, high-sort water resins, extensive applications of acrylic acids in the fields of paints, glues, building materials.
Bio- and chemical-based emulsion acids and glycerine-based chemicals. The acrylic direct oxidation method is acrylic and air-based. The propane dehydroxide method has a price advantage for low-cost propane feedstocks and is currently less productive.
The most important products are acrylates, including acetate (3/4), acetate, acetate, acetate, and acetate. In the case of butate, the end product is paint and glue, and downstream digestion.
The cost is concentrated in real estate and logistics.Sap is used mainly in the health sector. The demand for acrylic esters has risen to 5-7% in the property (paints) and logistics consumption (gluctants).
Sewing agents, sealing glues, road signs, daily use, etc.. Environmentally friendly polymer emulsions with acrylic esters as a feedstock LEC paints are gradually becoming mainstream due to vocs emission factors such as benzene, toluene, etc. (2018 environmental taxes). Good sales of coatings. By December 19 paint sales exceeded 24 million tonnes, corresponding to 38% in comparison with recent years.
The volume is also warming, and the paint landscape and scale index has increased since August to 96 and 64 in December. The demand for thiopropyl ester glue (31%) will continue to grow steadily, mainly because of real estate. The glue downstream covers the builder/packaging/furnitrochemical/skinner areas, including acrylic acid/epoxy/polyurethane/organic silicon systems, etc.
Small contamination, mainly used as pressurized glue, for packaging as duct tape/mark sticker/advertisement/protective film/medical tape, etc. The emergence of such industries as courier logistics, automobiles, electronics, new energy and medical care, and their one-time use features will continue to expand the market for glue and pressurized glue.
The tape size index rose significantly from October to the high of 416 in December, and the tape climate index rose to 306. In the express delivery industry, for example, the latest data show that 63.5 billion copies were shipped in 2019, compared to the same figure.
Stabilized at more than 25%, driven by a short-term epidemic, increased penetration of long-term Internet purchases and large-scale Internet purchases, the demand for glues will continue to grow steadily, contributing to a further increase in the demand for acrylates. Sap will be better in the future. The main products downstream are health supplies. The ageing of the country will increase and adults will be out of use in the future.
The product is expected to expand gradually, and the increased demand for sap will pull up upstream acrylic acid, driven by the twin-way approach of the second child and child-rearing concept. 3.1.3 Acrylic acid has a tendency to recover at the bottom of its profits. Supply pressure will decrease as end demand improves. The current national Acid production capacity is 3.3 million tons and the production of acrylic butyl esters.
With a capacity of 2.25 million tons and a 90% capacity ratio in the east of the country. By 2020, 340,000 tons of additional capacity is expected, and the price differential for acrylic acid will touch the bottom. The price differential for acrylic acid-propylene has dropped from 4,000 tons in November 2018 to the current level of less than 2,000 tons, is close to the bottom, and downstream demand has stabilized with the production of acrylic products.
Looking to drive the Acid price difference up and the start rate back up. The upstream Acrylic-propane price difference has narrowed to a low level in recent years, and the return of future freight costs is expected to restore the profit margin of the pdh-propyl acid route. Figure 76: Acrylic esters and saps account for nearly 90% of downstream products
Figure 77: The structure of downstream consumption of ABS is dominated by coatings and glues Figure 78: Recovery of growth in coating production (tonnes, per cent) Figure 79: Accumulated sales of recent paints are close to 40 per cent (tonnes, per cent)
Figure 80: Year-on-year improvement in the area of completed housing (%): Figure 81: Continued heating at the rate of cost of land cut off from real estate development investments: Steady increase in glue production consumption (tonnes, %)
Figure 83: Consumption of glue in the hundreds of billions (billion yuan, %) Figure 84: The paint landscape and scale index has been gradually rising since August Figure 89: Domestic production of acrylic acid is concentrated in the East China region
Figure 88: Asia-Pacific acrylic acid production ratio is over 60%. Figure 91: Acrylic acid production capacity cr5 will rise to 66% in 2020 (%): Acrylic acid production capacity cr5 to 58% in 2018 (%)
Figure 93: Increase in ABScr5 to 64 in 2020 (%): ABScr5 up to 60% in 2018 (%): ABS-propylene price differential close to the bottom (modes/tons)
Figure 95: Price differential for acetate-propyl acid at low point (M/T) Figure 96: Progressive increase in Acid initiation rate (%) Figure 97: Increase in Acrylate initiation rate (%)
Figure 98: Acid production growth is steadily increasing (tonnes) 3.2sap penetration is expected to increase. Superabsorbentpolymer (sap) is a combination of high water insulation and high water security
It is used mainly in the production of hygiene products, including baby paper diapers, adult incontinents, and women’s hygiene products. Because of its high absorption capacity, it is also widely used in agriculture, medicine, and petrochemicals.
The sap process is concentrated. The production process in the sap consists of three main types: synthetic polymerism, starling branching, and fibre-optic wiring. The dominant process is synthetic polymerization, which accounts for more than 90% of the total production of sap, and synthetic polymerization, which is divided into two types, the solution polymerism and the reverse suspended polymerization method, which is the most dominant process.
3.2.2 Changes in the demographic structure and consumption attitudes of the population drive the demand for sap downstream, the main products of which are paper diapers (87 per cent compared to 87 per cent), and also sanitary towels, adult incontinents, etc. By 2018, infant paper diapers produced 37.1 billion tablets, 6 per cent faster and adult paper diapers increased by 10 per cent.
The demand for stable endpoints, such as stable consumption, reduced household size, ageing, and second-born policies, has also increased at a rate of over 5%. The latest data from December show that the population’s disposable income and consumption spending has stabilized at about 6% for sanitation products.
On the fee basis, the decline in household size to three has led to a steady increase in the penetration rate of portable sanitation items such as paper diapers; the downward trend in the birth rate has slowed in 19 years; the dependency ratio for the elderly has risen to 17 per cent and the population over 65 has increased to 5.7 per cent; the penetration rate for adults and infants is currently only 4 per cent and 50 per cent, respectively, abroad.
At 15% and nearly 100%. In terms of consumption capacity, consumption outlook, population structure, and quantity, future demand for sanitary items such as paper urine pants will be steadily increasing, and there will be much room for increased demand for sap. 3.2.3sap production capacity will be more stable.
The North-East Asian region is characterized by a concentration of production capacity. The world’s main production capacity is currently concentrated in China (30%), Japan (17%) and Europe (18%), with three major Japanese hitters, Germany Basff and Germany winning 48% of global production, with a relatively concentrated production capacity, with the top eight firms accounting for more than 85% of total production capacity.
A steady increase in the demand for the sap and an increase in the penetration rate of the domestic sap are expected to have room for improvement in the future. Figure 100: Lower sap paper urinary pants account for nearly 90%. Figure 102: Adult paper urinary pants production increased by more than 10% (100 million pieces, %)
Figure 104: Normalized growth of adult paper diapers (millions) Figure 105: Steady performance of sanitary towels and pads (millions) Figure 107: Sustained growth in consumer spending (millions)
Figure 108: Average household size reduced to 3 persons Figure 109: Maintenance ratio of older persons up to 17 per cent Figure 110: Decline in fertility rate (thousands)
Figure 111: Year-on-year rise in older persons over 65 years of age (millions) Figure 112: Sap capacity concentrated in North-East Asia Figure 113: Sap production growth stable (tonnes)
3.3 ethanol import substitution accelerol accelerator Meg, 90 per cent used as a feedstock for polyesters, with the ratio of domestic ethylene to synthetic gas production close to 6:4. North-East Asia has a significantly higher demand for ethanol than other regions. Global ethanol production in 2018 was 33.7 million tons.
For 29.2 million tons, with a start rate of 87 per cent, North-East Asia has the highest capacity of 41 per cent, followed by the Middle East, with 27 per cent. With polyester pull (59 million tons in 2018, with a global share of 44.6 million tons), North-East Asia has a significantly higher demand of 65 per cent, the Middle East has only 4 per cent demand, and its majority exports of ethanol to North-East Asia.
The price of ethanol in our country is more strongly affected by supply and demand. Domestic production is relatively low than polyesters, subsistence rates are constantly in the face of a significant increase in annual production capacity (+26%), detergents and a sharp drop in oil prices, which have fallen to the lowest 4160,16-18 downstream ethanol prices in the last decade, rising production and rising ethanol prices.
As a result of the Saudi attack and the May-Y events, the stock of East China ethanol was reduced from 1.3 million tons to 350,000 tons, and it has recently risen downstream to 570,000 tons. The rate of industrial start-up has recently risen to 77%.
ethanol imports have accelerated. We have been a major importer of ethanol throughout 2019, importing 9.95 million tons of ethanol, a 1% increase in the year. Net imports have declined steadily in recent years, and ethanol will continue to grow in the future as large amounts of domestic production become available.
Gradual import substitution, ethanol imports from regions such as the Middle East will show an accelerated decline, and the increase in self-sufficiency will reduce the uncertainty associated with the supply of ethanol from international trade and logistics. The climate is high in 17-18 years.
The stock of spins is lower than it was in mid-17 to December 1919, and the value of spinning retail sales is positive at the same scale, and the profit rate of spinning is higher. Overall, there is currently a slight shortfall in demand for spins in the market, and the short term is likely to be tested by such factors as an outbreak, environmental clean-up caused by a fire in Hangzhou dyes, long-term because of our polyesters.
The combined advantage of the world will remain, and with the rise in domestic income, the optimization of the population structure, the upgrading of consumption and the emergence of “one-way” results, the ecstasy sector is expected to improve, and demand for ethanol will show a slow increase.
Figure 120: Large price fluctuations for ethanol (M/T) Figure 122: Textile gas index maintained relatively high Figure 124: Average stock of spinning clothing is lower (%)
Figure 125: The monthly rate of increase in spinning retail is above 0,1 the construction of acrylic acids and esters project became operational in mid-2020 and the construction of the sap project in late 2020;2 commercialization in the first half of the construction of the ethylene project in the first half of 2021;
3. The main product, acetate, shows pre-low and post-high levels, polyethylene/polypropylene/ethylene, increases pressure due to expansion of capacity. Relative valuation: due to the complexity of the company ' s product chain, we have selected a relatively comparable portion of the company compared. Given the company ' s commercialization of the ethylene ethylene construction project in 2021, there has been a significant increase in performance due to the fact that
And the ethylene ethylene project is resilient at the very high safety margin at the bottom of the cycle and the re-emergent climate, and we believe that the company should enjoy a 10% valuation premium. Absolute valuation method: set parameters: beta = 1.35, no-risk interest rate lf = 3%, necessary rate of return rm = 12%, share
Rapid fluctuations in crude oil prices, changes in international trade policy, exchange rate fluctuations, project financing risks, project schedule less than expected, downstream demand less than anticipated
Liu Shaoqing, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Xi'an, University of Tianjin, formerly in China's Chemball Engineering Co. Ltd., six years of chemical consulting and design experience, 2019 years old and currently irrelevant, and future will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the paper are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.