The outbreak of the operator ' s business contributed to the first half of the year ' s overperformance, and the 5g+material network layout continued to function on 25 August 2017.
Sun Yunghang, who continues to operate well, provides a reliable guarantee for the growth of corporate performance: in the first half of the year, companies received $32.35 billion, an increase of 12.58 per cent, and the Māori rate increased by 0.41 percentage points to 41.79 per cent, thus continuing the rapid growth in business since the quarter.
In the context of overall downside capital spending by businesses, significant growth in operator operations has been achieved mainly as a result of: (1) mobile, telecommunications, connectivity and continued deployment of 4.5g and optical transmission networks, with more competitive power in these areas of advantage, with a relatively significant order this year; and (2) the exposure of the major global international rivals Ericsson and Noki-Abel to the challenges faced by China.
Intra-firm integration and restructuring, personnel unrest, and the continuous decline in the share of these competitors in the domestic market, present opportunities for the development of the middle-aged business: 3. The emergence of existing equipment based on previously developed product platforms, technological maturity, well-functioning production lines, reduced R & D inputs, and a certain increase in the M & A rate compared to the previous period. We believe that operators have always been telecom operators.
Building on the fundamentals of development, with strong power to maintain its advantages in this sector of business and long-term dynamic for sustained development. pre-5g products continue to be profitable, and the physical network layout is working well: the current 5g is growing rapidly, starting with increasing R & D inputs, active technological and resource reserves, and trying to reach the future, 5g
Competition dominates. 1 As a core member of imt-2020, the company leads research on more than 30% of the topics, leads research on three core topics: the iee group, the network technology group, the transmission technology group, and gets ran2 (radioaccesswork, wireless connection)
Networking), ran3 and ran4 3 new 5g standard editor-in-chief seats. 2; company-initiated pre-5g products, enabling operators to improve network performance at lower cost, have been commercialized and widely recognized by industry in many countries around the world. 3 Deep tillage network layouts have been overtaken by patents in the field of property networking since the company proposed the m-ict conversion strategy
1. Communications in China: over 400 high-quality whites in the communications industry, working to promote the landing of Lora technology in China and the freezing of nb-iot standards, new opportunities in the 5g era
After that, full follow-up is taking place, with breakthroughs in bottom chips, technologies, and modules. Companies now have a wealth of application experience in four major areas: industrial Internet, car networking, smart households, and smart cities, and there are significant prospects for profitability.
2. Communications in the Middle East: full participation of countries 5g
Mobile phones, home media centres, and hardwired broadband terminals are growing rapidly, thanks to customization and intellectual property rights. Consumer operations grew by 24.13% in the first half of the year, and Maori levels are becoming more popular: large-scale equity incentives have improved, reflecting a steady and long-term growth in corporate consumer business.
"Bought-in" rating for the strategic development of the Internet.
Multi-line R & D reserves have increased dramatically, and the company's mobile phone business has not developed as expected; it has faced intense competition for Apple+10 and other Andre brands, with declining revenue and profit levels.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board