The move of 5g is not slow, and China’s movement of 5g will be the most marginally beneficial supplier of equipment. At China’s mobile mid-term performance press conference, China’s mobile director, Jean-Ice, said that the current 5g industry and business model was not yet mature and would only be officially announced in the second half of next year. Thus, China’s movement is currently only about 5g-related tests.
The idea of moving this statement is merely a statement of established facts and 5g development patterns, and is consistent with previous market neutral expectations, and it is not appropriate to over-exaggerate the five g’s investment considerations and views at this mobile launch.
1. China’s investment in mobile 5g will need to be determined by industry trends and the maturity of its technology and business models;2 China’s movement over the next two years will be mainly a 5g field experiment, with a scale test commercial in 2019, but will not be officially commercial until 2020. He pointed out that, as an operator of any enterprise, the return on investment would need to be considered, and China’s movement would not blindly invest 5g.
For these two sentences, it is simply a restatement of the previous operators and the 3gpp for 5g progress planning, as follows: thus, the above statement does not differ from previous market expectations and also leaves room for the possibility of early construction of 5g, emphasizing that investment will be determined by industry development and technology at that time. In addition, the term “non-blind investment” was intended to be a more official term, suggesting that it would be more advantageous to have a small number of equipment that is already relatively concentrated.
Building a blind investment ahead of time, there is a real 5g demand for moving ahead, which does not preclude building becoming a powerful catalyst in advance, so let's calculate what investment is not blind: first of all, according to the latest data, the number of users of the medium-moved 4g network has reached 68%, which is the ratio by 2018, according to the current trend of 4g users.
Second, the volume of traffic per unit of user is increasing very rapidly (the average household traffic in May 2017 is two times that in May 2016), and the network traffic occupancy ratio is likely to be close to saturation in 2019 for the number of existing base stations and for low frequency transmission rates; the need for investment in 5g has begun to surface before the 4g network has reached near saturation, as has been amply demonstrated.
By two indicators, it will be relatively saturated in 2018 and 2019, respectively, so the probability of an investment of 5g in terms of moving its own business is the same as the probability of an earlier investment, so that, in terms of the current status of mobile users and the carrying capacity of the network, 5g is the direction in which it is necessary to invest, and the pace of investment may be faster than officially stated (in terms of the capital expenditure budget at the beginning of each year and the amount of the final annual investment in moving the capital expenditure budget at the beginning of the year, additional investments are usually made).
Moreover, the middle-movement position is the leading global operator, and if the global 5g plan is ahead of schedule, the movement also has the important task of leading China’s 5g development, so the corresponding construction time can also be catalytic.
In response to these questions, a 13% increase in operating income can be seen in the context of the mid-point boom, which will benefit from the long-term 5g construction dividend, and the marginal improvement effect, which will be most beneficial. As a result, while there has been a small drop in the capital expenditure budget at the beginning of the mid-movement, the middle-market communications revenue will continue to grow well, both in terms of wired business contributions and in terms of the likely rate of medium-sized movement to medium-sized equipment.
In addition, low-frequency heavy farming, 39.5 billion investment in the Internet and the 4.5g network show a better growth trend in the direction and interface of those who have benefited well before the 5g cycle. Figure 5: Middle-surge 2015 q1-2017q2 net return to the mother (millions) and acceleration
Given its comparative advantage in low-frequency areas and on td technologies, it is likely that more business elasticity will emerge in the future, with communications emerging as the most advanced equipment provider in the 5g margin. Watch corporate business layout and value transformation of long-term R & D inputs, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Corporate business focuses on networks of operators, governments, and consumers, actively expanding strategic new markets such as the Internet of goods, car networks, optical communications, silicon light, pre-5g/5g. Given that the company's mobile phone business is expected to twist, it is expected that the company will actively engage in international business, research and development, and a full-chain layout, future performance is expected to continue to increase.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, seeking objectivity and fairness by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions