Communications: sales of Nubia shares, proof of re-engineering focus strategy
With 49.9% of Nubia’s shares, Nubia is no longer included in the company’s consolidated statements. Shrinking consumer channel terminal operations is consistent with our judgement in our in-depth report that companies will continue to re-engineer their focus.
At the beginning of the year, the General Manager of the former North American Operations Department became the General Manager of the Terminal Department, with overall responsibility for the winding-up business. On this basis, in our depth report at the beginning of the year, we set out a strategy for companies to change the current business of mobile phones across the board, a channel of operators focused on the advantages of increasing the competitiveness and profitability of the terminal.
This sale of 10.1% of Nubia’s shares and the loss of control over Nubia attests to our earlier vision that companies will continue to re-engineer their focus strategies. The Nubia subsidiary’s strategy for increasing corporate profits and contractions will significantly reduce public access.
Nubia, the target of the deal, is the company ' s high-end brand mobile phone manufacturer, with a loss of $91.42 million in 2016, a loss of $71.2 million in January-April 2017, a positive shift in the cash flow of business activities, an increase in total receivables, and an increasing loss of profits for the public sector.
The sale of 10.1% of the shares in Nubia generated investment returns of about $400 million, and the remaining Nubia shares of 49.9% were revalued to generate investment returns of about $1.28 billion at fair value.
Between US$2 billion and US$2 billion, the negative impact on corporate profitability has been significantly reduced. China’s Communications: Re-engineer Focus, Leading 5g, and Risk Management, which focuses on the strong power of the main business, will benefit in the long run from the industrial changes brought about by 5g.
In recent years, companies have qualified non-core securities investment advisory services, such as the Growing World Association, in the context of the 5g orientation and the clear road markers, while maintaining a focus on the relevant areas, in the Pre5g Experimental Bureau and in the lead standardization process.
Keep it strong. With the general decline in capital spending, Wireless and Light Web Markets continue to have an advantage, with half-yearly fast reports of growth exceeding expectations. Meanwhile, improvements in internal controls and management are being optimized and efficiency is being progressively improved.
At a critical point in the change of the 5g network, it is expected that the industry will be fully overtaken by events. (8621) 20328313