Hu Jiamin: 30 per cent net gain on 1h17, in line with expectations.
The company is actively investing in 5g research and development, participating in 5g standard-setting and technology testing. The m-ict 2.0 strategy is constantly deepening, and the markets along the “one-way” layout are actively expanding overseas operations. We expect a steady increase in corporate performance over the next two years.
We maintain our previous profit projections, where companies are expected to realize net profits of $4.335 billion by 2017-2018, with a net gain of 29.85 per cent: companies publish performance reports, 1h17 yields $54 billion, yoy billion, yoy by 29.85 per cent. In a single quarter, 2017 yields $28.3 billion, yoy by 9.14 per cent.
A net profit of $1.08 billion, an increase of 32.22 per cent for yoy and performance in terms of expectations.
On the other hand, the continued investment of domestic operators in the 4g transmission and intervention system has led to an increase in wireless communications and grid-fixing and carrying systems, as well as in Māori; on consumer operations, mainly companies, to expand their overseas markets, with increases in the collection of mobile phone products and Māori.
Institutional investors as a share of circulationa Accounting standards adjustments result in significant increases in operating profits: government subsidies related to day-to-day activities (mainly value-added tax refunds for software products) are included in operating profits as a result of adjustments in accounting standards for government subsidies;
Other government subsidies that are not related to day-to-day operations are still included in the out-of-service income. The non-retroactivity of prior-year financial statements has led to a significant increase in business profits in the first half of the year.
In addition, the Department has continued to deepen its m-ict 2.0 strategy by actively expanding its offshore operations along the “one-way” market. We expect steady growth in corporate performance over the next two years.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: