The volume of overseas shipments of information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment (h1 film) has increased significantly and domestic demand will accelerate in the second half of the year.
The company sold 355 million square metres of photo-voltage tape during the reporting period, an increase of 29.77 per cent over the same period. The company now has a production base in Thailand, and further overseas capacity will follow.
Expansion. The domestic market, influenced by the 18-year “531” policy, has seen demand fall. According to data from China's Photovoltaic Industry Association, in the first half of 2019, the domestic photovolt machine was only 11.4gw, with a sharp reduction in total equity/flow (million shares)
In addition, the proceeds from the disposal of assets have increased over the same period in the previous year, mainly as a result of the payment of compensation for the demolition of property in the P3 plant area (West villa street) and the disposal of land and land attachments in the P3 plant area (West villa street).
The pre-brand swap project has been approved. The company will expand 250 million, 200 million flat-white and acetylene products, respectively. The new product will enhance the efficiency of the components, and the anti-aging performance is better than normal production.
This is the way to move the future. After a new production line is put in place, the proportion of high-performance products will be raised from 10% to 40%, further consolidating the company's vinyl tap.3 The construction of the Angie production base will be accelerated, and the new materials project will be well under way.
The project for new materials for the company (which started at the beginning of the 16th year) is well under way. 50 million per cent of the ecstasy film is in production in the first phase, and the long-term target is extended to 200 million square. The orders are now full, and the production capacity is climbing on the slopes. The aluminium plastic film has been sold to a small amount of “30” customers.
The company is a leading company in the photovolveva market, and with the release of new products, it will be consolidated. The new material business is going well and promising. The company is expected to increase its volume of real H1-film overseas from 2019 to 2021, and domestic demand will accelerate in the second half of the year.
Profit projections and financial indicators: h1 film overseas volume increases significantly and domestic demand will accelerate in the second half of the year
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.