The impact of the basic chemical industry inspections, which have increased competition to further optimize costs, has affected production by three quarters, price adjustments for products, and leads to lower harvests.
1. “Walu Henglew Company Review: Continuous Risk Resistment, Renovation of the company's long-term sound gasification platform and downstream accompanying products, Impact likely”, 2024.8.22
In 20 days, production of new materials, acetic acids and derivatives, fertilizers, organochlorines all emerged.
“Walu Heungl Company Review: Industry runs under pressure, capacity digests when needed, and the overall income level of the company falls under the double influence of volume. But, for the better, the company is expected to reduce some of the company's costs through a platform overhaul.
Coal prices have remained generally stable, and competition in the industry has created a certain price pressure. The upgrading of old production and the start-up of new production have led to an increase in supply in the industry for two consecutive years.
The supply pressure from the drops was relatively high, with the company's main raw materials in three quarters, coal prices largely relatively stable, and the adjustment of the end product mainly led to a narrow harvest, with the company's single-quarter Māori ratio adjusted to 17.56 per cent in three quarters and the ring to the second quarter.
About three points down, affecting the company’s profits. In October, the trend towards a small adjustment of power coal in the late three quarters has stagnated, coal prices have fallen, and most chemical products have undergone a relatively large adjustment in the previous period, some of them.
The industry has already dropped its marginal costs, and the industry has basically entered the bottom zone, although for a short time there is no very visible rebound, there is limited room for further downwards.
The company's overall debt level is relatively low, with investments focused mainly on back-end projects in Xingzhou and Texas, and risk management is relatively good. As the Xingzhou project progresses to the landing stage, Xingzhou's product system will be in place.
Optimize, further spread the cost of the previous period, reduce the pressure on the transport of single-product stocks, and enrich the product variety. Through the two paths of precipitation and increment, companies maintain competitiveness in a situation of relative pressure in the industry, ensuring good cash flow, and waiting for supply and demand to be rebalanced.
Risk of large fluctuations in prices of raw materials and products; competitive risks associated with the release of new production capacity.