Installation overhaul plus narrow product spreads, company q3 performance pressure Walluheungl (600426.sh) incident evaluation report Waruheungl issued three-quarter performance report: total revenue achieved in January-September 2024
One billion yuan, an increase of 4.16 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, 2024q3 of operating income, installation repairs led to a decline in production, cost increases squeezed profit space, August, a gasification unit and partial product production unit of the company parking repairs.
This led to a short-term drop in sales of the company's main products in three quarters, new energy-related new materials products/chemical fertilizers/organamine series products/acetic acids and derivatives production loops, varying degrees of decline in the prices of company-owned products, urea/isocnool/
Prices as a whole remain high, with smoke-free q3 ring prices + 1.81 per cent, high costs and low-product prices combined to compress corporate profit margins, putting pressure on company performance, and low-cost strategies continued to advance and net cash flows increased.
For a long time, the company has been pursuing a low-cost strategy to strengthen its leaning and fine-tuning management and to sustain its energy-saving, consumption-efficient and efficiency-enhancing activities. The company ' s q3 sales/management/financial/research and development (R & D) cost ratio is the same in terms of inter-period costs.
1 Wallau Heung Litt (600426): Effectiveness of performance in productive capacity. Cash flows, cash generated by the operations of the 2024q3 company, have been brought into operation and the competitiveness of the company has continued to increase. 2023-
The Xingzhou project is progressing steadily, enabling companies to transform and grow in the long term. The Xingzhou project is currently well under way, with one phase of the project already in production and beginning to contribute to performance, including 1 million tons of annual urea, 1 million tons of acetic acid, 1 million tons of dmf150,000 tons,
The second phase of the new materials project started at the end of last year, with new production capacity for new products, such as bdo, acetic anhydride, and nmp. In the future, as the new materials project at Xingzhou became operational, the mid- to long-term development space will be further hit.
Project delivery was not as expected; raw materials prices were rising; downstream demand was not as high as expected
Experience, 10 years of buyer research, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness. Joining the Chinese securities research in 2023 reflects my research perspective.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.