The company issued a performance forecast for 2018: $17,695,000-$184,573,000 in 2018, a year-on-year increase.
\triangleright had a good overall business performance throughout 2018, sustained high-speed business growth, continued product optimization, and improved product structure.
On the one hand, the global market has continued to grow steadily, companies have been able to expand their sales in various segmented areas, with expected growth in different regions and a steady growth in their operations. On the other hand, the Department has increased its research and development of vcs products, the competitiveness of vcs products has increased further, and domestic and foreign channels have been built steadily.
In addition, exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi have had some negative effects on corporate revenue. q4 net profits are growing rapidly, and the dollar exchange rate rises yielding some gains \triangleright
The company continued its steady and rapid growth in the last four quarters, avoiding problems such as the inappropriate pace of adjustment by overseas suppliers during the same period last year. Corporate costs were properly controlled, and the Maori rate remained stable overall throughout the year.
In 2018, the company and Microsoft jointly launched a new generation of smart collaborations, and jointly launched a series of new video devices, packages, to support microsofteams and skypeforbusiness.
Teamwork equipment, including t56a, t58a and videoconferencing terminal vc200, will cover a wide range of office scenes, and new video items are expected to be rolled out in the first half of 2019 and are expected to generate positive revenue.
Increased competition in the market for the sip sector; and less than expected in vcs R & D promotion.
Performance forecast evaluation: three quarters of rapid growth in operations, collaboration with Microsoft to enhance branding effects. 20181012, Yang Xiao, Master ' s degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.