Silicon-based and carbonated silicon-based devices are two-wheel-drived, injecting long-term growth kinetic energy.
Billion dollars for the semiconductor encapsulation project (phase I) and $1.65 billion to supplement liquidity. (Nintendo Electronics: 1) The company has previously built its first 12-inch special process line in the country, with a capacity of up to 50,000 m/m, with a pre-empowerment advantage; on this basis, the company’s 12 inch capacity will continue to grow to 90,000 m/m over 25 years, providing a sustained momentum for the growth of the company’s size.
Yes. 2) The company ' s igbt module has been delivered in bulk for 21 years, the product has been approved by customers such as stunner, diamond power, Biadi, and Sinkkawa, and the new energy vehicle has accelerated penetration, with 7.2 million car code power module encapsulation expansion projects matching the company ' s chip manufacturing capabilities and providing assurance for the product ' s excellence. 3) The company ' s s siccmosfet has now started to be validated on the client side, and the product line will be validated (12,000 units per month) for the product.
Once completed, it is supported by a rapid upscaling and pre-positioning advantage. We see the long-term scale advantage of silicone chip upgrading in tandem with the encapsulation capability, the pre-silicon-carbonization advantage of the pre-disposition layout of the device, maintaining the Slank's “buy-in” rating.
The company leads the 12-inch process line layout and the product structure continues to be optimized. From 2018, the country's first 12-inch process was launched, and capacity-building continued throughout the year. Previously, the company announced through a Board of Directors resolution the construction of the 360,000 12 inches annual chip production line project through its subsidiary Slanders, with a total investment of $3.9 billion, which the fund-raising plan is to provide 3 billion dollars in financial support for the project;
During the three-year build-up period, the build-up and build-up of 12 inches of 12 inclines, 60,000 pieces/month capacity, the company ' s 25-year 12 incline capacity will reach 90,000 inclines per month. In addition, the planned new Slander 12 incline focuses on high demand products such as fs-igbt, t-dpmosfet, sgt-mosfet, planning for 120,000 fs-igbt power chips per year, 120,000 t-dpmosfet power chips per year and 120,000 sgt-mosfet power chips per year.
At the chip manufacturing end, large-sized crystals can significantly increase output while reducing the cost of a single chip. From 8 inches to 12 inches, the crystal area has increased by 2.25 times, and the number of single slice chips has turned.
Moreover, as the 12-inch line is built over a period of two years, the post-partum process will have to move from low-end to high-end products, a pre-emptive advantage for companies compared to many of the Idm manufacturers that have started to expand in cases of lack of access.
The high value added module product size effect is ensured by the simultaneous upgrading of the modular envelopes and chip manufacturing capacity. According to the current company chip manufacturing end extension scheme, the current encapsulation capacity is not yet fully compatible with the expansion of the chip production capacity and becomes the accelerated penetration and production line size of high-value products such as the car-grade module.
Prior to that, the company had announced a semiconductor, the semiconductor, which produces 7.2 million car-grade power units per year, a monthly delivery of the company's pim power module at around 30-40k, which is expected to reach 80-100k in December 22, 120k in January 23, and the company's standard power unit, which was approved by the client, entering the gold phase of the product. The company's vehicle power unit product covered the main drive-gbt module, empty.
The transfer of various product categories, such as igbt, has made rapid progress with the Motor Master Drive Devices programme: the small power mosfet programme now has a high market share; the igbt single-pipe programme company has been endorsed by major suppliers such as Inbor; and the pim car power module has been supplied with bulk stubble, stubble, and customers such as Hitchuan, Biadei, and Mitsubishi are now working with multiple full-scale cars and Tier1.
With yole data, we expect that the global market for sic devices will increase from $1.09 billion in 2021 to over $4.3 billion in 2025, with a 37% compound increase. Of this, new energy vehicles will be used as the major city power production line construction project, with a total investment of $1.5 billion, and this fund-raising plan will provide $750 million for the construction of the project.
At the end of the 22nd year, it is expected to be connected to 240,000 new sicmose chip/year, sicsbd chip/year. Prior to this, the company’s flat-sized simcmofet1200v product has achieved 13-13.5 milligrams of conductive resistance and provided engineering samples to clients.
Investment proposals: Corporate silicon-based device production capacity is being upgraded to the product, carbonated silicon pre-silicon pre-silicon profile is being enhanced, the firm's core competitiveness is being strengthened by maintaining a “buy-in” rating, taking into account the long-term scale advantage of the company's future silicon chip upgrading in tandem with the encapsulation manufacturing capacity, the carbon silicon pre-silicon profile is being enhanced, and the client of car regulation products is not expanding as expected: production capacity is not being released as expected, and the overall sales of new energy vehicles are not being as high as expected.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject