National gold foliage ecuurities to build up a built-in capacity to continuously optimize the product structure
Billion dollars for a 360,000 schillings/year 12 in capacity-building project, a sic power plant production line, a vehicle semiconductor encapsulation project (phase I) and supplementary liquidity. Three-quarter performance: weak demand for consumer electronic downstreams and continued optimization of product structure.
The slowdown in the demand for electric and white power has affected the growth rate of corporate revenue, with the combined Māori rate falling by 7.30 pct on a year-on-year basis, 1. "Stamp Incident Review - Reclaiming “buy-in”, for the first time, mainly due to lower prices for some consumer-type products, and the underutilization of led chip production capacity.
The circuits and device-finished harvests maintain faster growth, driven by products such as ipm smart power modules, mems sensors, pim power modules, sgt-mos devices, etc. Set-up-code capacity building to speed up access to markets such as electric cars, new energy sources, etc.
Modular products are accepted by customers such as scavenger, diamond, Biadi, and some of the photovoltaic modules are already being delivered, and single tubes are being shipped out. The company continues to increase production lines for products such as analogue integrated circuits, power semiconductors, mems sensors, etc., increasing code capacity, and is proposing $3.9 billion to build an annual product.
360,000 microchip lines per year to produce fs-igbt, tdpmosfet, sgt-mosfet, and raise $3 billion for the semiconductor encapsulation project. Carbonated silicon continues to be active, and the product goes well.
The technology development has been completed, and the technical performance indicators have reached advanced levels in the structure of similar devices within the industry, which can be used mainly to drive and control reverses in power generators, vehicle dc/dc converters, vehicle chargers (obc).
So, this is an extension project to raise $1.5 billion to build the sic power device production line through Sranming Pulmonium, which is set to produce 2,000 6 inches of chip production by the end of this year.
Liu Yeon Shei, Deng Xiao Road, RV clients are not expanding as expected; capacity is not released as expected; and the overall sales of new energy vehicles are not as good as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment