The product structure continues to be optimized, adding codes to speed up the build-up of capacity — Slanwa (60046.sh) incident assessment report — Slanwa disclosure refinancing plan: the company's intention to raise funds from stocks in a non-public manner.
More than $6.5 billion, of which $3 billion is for the construction of 360,000 annual chips of 12 inches of chips, $750 million for the construction of a production line for sic power devices, $1.1 billion for the construction of a semiconductor encapsulation project (part one) of vehicles, 1.65 billion.
The company's disclosure of a fixed increase, coded semiconductor, indicates that Slanwe intends to release no more than 283 million shares in private.
Fund-raising about $6.5 billion. Projects include: 1) 360,000 chips a year of the 12-inch chip production line project, which is implemented by the company-owned subsidiary Slan, which will be used to raise funds.
The project will build a 360,000 annual 12-inch chip production line for the production of fs-igbt, t-dpmosfet, sgt-mosfet power chip products.
fs-igbt power chip 120,000 chips/year, t-dpmosfet power chip 120,000 chips/year and sgt-mosfet power chip 120,000 chips/year production capacity. Project 2) sic power device production line construction project
The project is implemented by the company's participating subsidiary, Slanmingang, and the fund-raising will go to 1, Slander (600460): 2022h1 through the way the company has invested in Sranmingminggung, and the company will receive it after this replenishment.
Performance meets expectations, product structure optimizes control of Slanming Pulmonium.
On the basis of the set of facilities, upgrades of the sic powerware chip through the acquisition of production equipment2 and the report of the Chinese Securities* Company* Slanwa (600460): q1 performance forecast is in line with the forecast
The production of energy for the production of the sicumosfet, sicsbd chips; the completion of the project, which focuses on the photovoltaic areas of the energy industry, will result in the addition of 120,000 siconsfet chips/years, 24,000 sicsbd chips.
(600460) Multi-product line expansion, 3) Automobile semiconductor encapsulation project (phase I) Full benefit from adherence to the idm model* 2020331*
The project will be implemented by the company's controlling subsidiary, Chengdusland, and the fund-raising will be channelled through the company's replenishment to Chengdusland. The project will build on the existing power module, the encapsulation of production lines and ancillary facilities, through the acquisition of modules to encapsulate production.
▪ The product structure continues to be optimized, and companies have long-term business improvements. Currently, nearly 70% of the revenues from the company's electrical circuits and device products come from high-threshold markets such as white electricity, communications, industry, new energy sources, automobiles, etc.
In the first half of 2022, the company ' s ipm module went through $660 million, a 60 per cent increase, with the introduction of an ipm programme for new energy car air conditioner compressors and the completion of bulk supply in the country ' s top car air-conditioning press manufacturers;
Control mcu products continue to be widely used in a wide range of areas, such as industrial frequency transformers, industrial ups, photovoltaic reverses, textile machinery servo products, various types of variable frequency fan applications and electric bicycles; V-digbt and V-D-R-A-R-R-D-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E.
The frd chip's main electric motor drive module has been tested by a number of customers in the country and has been supplied in some of them in bulk, and the company has the capacity to produce 70,000 vehicles per month with a vehicle-grade power module; the mems sensor product is in smart hands.
In the case of separation devices, products such as mos, igbt, high power modules, Shortkey tubes, etc., are growing faster, and they are faster.
The technological platform for the igbt, etc., has continued to progress faster, with product performance reaching the level of industry leadership, and has begun to accelerate entry into powered cars, new energy, etc. Industry climate downside risks, output uphills are not as fast as expected, and growth is increasing.
• The Electronics Group presented Mao Jianxian: Three years of U.S. semiconductor company work experience in the world.
Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Polytechnic University of Singapore, formerly set up in the Chinese Science and Technology Academy of the Chinese University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Electronics and Finance Complex
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.