Temporary pressure on 2022q3 performance and firm expansion to build a long-term competitive advantage Slanwa (600460.sh) temporary pressure on 2022q3 profits, continuous upgrading of product structure and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved $6,244 million in revenue, an increase of 19.58 per cent in the same year; in the first three quarters of 2022, it achieved a net profit of $670 million, a decrease of 2.51 per cent in the same year. In the second quarter of 2022q3, the company earned $2,059 million, and the ring was under pressure, mainly because of weaker demand for consumer electronic-related products, led production lines and 5-6 inches of silicon crystal.
Line crop activity has slowed down, causing companies to sell 3.43 pcts in a single quarter, and we are more resilient. With the company’s high-end productivity uplifting, the process platform upgrading, and the release of products such as car rules igbt, the company’s performance is expected to grow rapidly, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating for the company.
• Develop financing for capacity-building without fear of short-term fluctuations and a firm expansion of production, a growing production line project, a project for the construction of a production line for sic power devices, a project for semiconductor encapsulation of cars (phase I) and additional liquidity. The company is expected to use these expansion projects to address capacity bottlenecks and enhance its capacity at the vehicle level.
A combination of silicon-based and sic power devices/modules. 2022h1, the company's annual production of 360,000 12-inch chip production project has been put into production and its capacity has continued to rise; the sic power device production line construction project has been put into construction in July 2022 and has recently achieved initial connectivity; and the subsidiary's fleet of cars is well integrated.
The company is not afraid of short-term market volatility and growth. Quality sicumsfet is on the rise and is expected to tap into the gold sic power semiconductor large market.
According to the announcement of 23 October, the company has completed the development of the first generation sic-mosfet technology, with the performance acceleration - the company update report, with the indicators reaching advanced levels in the industry of the same type of device structure. The company has packed the sic-mosfet chip into the gas.
On the master power module, a sample will be sent to the client. The new energy vehicle 800v high-pressure platform has developed a trend whereby the proposed auto-grade power module wrapping project will drive Sic devices/modules in new-energy automobiles, obc, dc/dc, etc.
The first distribution bureau and the idm model of car rules sicmosesfet fully benefit from the ability to supply mass-sized cars, with an increase in the city ' s share.