CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Hikvision (002415 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Innovative business gaining momentum
Target Price
RMB80.00
(Previous TP
RMB75.65)
Up/Downside
+18.7%
Hikvision FY2Q21 beat our estimates as revenue continued to rebound strongly
Current Price
RMB67.40
(+34% YoY). Key highlight of FY1H21 is the innovative business: (1) revenue
China Software & IT Services
grew +122% YoY to RMB5.6bn (16% of revenue) and (2) gross margin +3.1 pct
pts YoY to 42% (vs. core surveillance 47%). Also, high inventory level strategy
Marley Ngan
helps secure customers amid global raw material shortage. Maintain BUY and
raised target price to RMB80.00 (prior RMB75.65).
■ FY2Q21 beat. Revenue was at RMB19.9bn (+34% YoY), and net profit was
Stock Data
at RMB4.3bn (+38% YoY). GPM missed (-5.3 pct pts YoY to 45.9%) on higher
raw material price and product mix change. Opex control was better than
expected with opex ratio of 26.4% (vs. CMBI estimate 28.1%). R&D expense
increased 19% YoY while G&A expense declined 8% YoY. Net profit was
boosted by tax credit (RMB570mn) that usually came in 3Q instead of 2Q. On
operating level, profit was up +26% YoY to RMB3.9bn.
Shareholding Structure
Innovative business taking shape. We maintain our view that Hikvision is
more than a surveillance company as camera applications are expanded by
Source: Bloomberg
embedding Al/ sensor technology. Innovative business segments (smart
home products/ robotics/ thermal/ x-ray products etc.) revenue was up +122%
Share Performance
YoY to RMB5.6bn in FY1H21 and revenue contribution reached 16%. It is also
positive to see innovative business GPM improvement (+3.1 pct pts to 41.6%
in FY1H21), narrowing the gap with core surveillance GPM 47.2%.
Source: Bloomberg
High raw material level ensures stable supply to customers. Hikvision has
adopted high inventory level strategy since Hisilicon ban in 2019. This helps
12-mth Price Performance
secure customers in FY1H21 amid global raw material shortage, especially
for SMBG (revenue +106% YoY) and overseas business (+26%YoY).
Inventory level increased further to RMB15.1bn (+35% YoY) in FY2Q21, of
which RMB6.9bn are raw materials (+35% YoY). Customers are accepting
shorter credit period to ensure stable supply and thus AR days shortened to
114 in FY2Q21 (vs. 139 in FY2Q20). However, if raw material price hike
persists, Hikvision could face increasing margin pressure.
Source: Bloomberg
Maintain BUY. We raised FY21-23E net profit by 5-7% to reflect stronger top-
line growth and better opex control. Maintain BUY with new target price of
Auditor: Deloitte
RMB80.00 (based on unchanged 36x FY22 P/E). Key downside risk is that
chip shortage may last for longer than expected.
Related Reports
preview: eye on gross margin -
Earnings Summary
China Al surveillance - Still a lot
of Hisilicon inventories - 3 Jun
Please cast your valuable vote
for CMBIS research team in the
2021 Asiamoney Brokers Poll:
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Focus Charts
Figure 2: Revenue breakdown (1H21)
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
Figure 6: Net profit vs. operating cash flow
Source: Company data
FY2Q21 results review
Revenue was at RMB19,914mn (+34% YoY, +42% QoQ), beat our estimate by
14% and in-line with consensus.
Gross profit was at RMB9,148mn (+20% YoY, +40% QoQ), beat our estimate
by 9% and in-line with consensus.
Gross margin was at 45.9%, (-5.3 pct pts YoY, -0.9 pct pts QoQ), below our
estimate by 1.9 pct pts and consensus by 0.2 pct pts.
Operating profit was at RMB3,899mn (+26% YoY, +52% QoQ), beat our
estimate by 13%.
Operating margin was at 19.6% (-1.2 pct pts YoY, +1.2 pct pts QoQ), below our
estimate by 0.1 pct pts.
Net profit was at RMB4,312mn (+38% YoY, +99% QoQ), beat our estimate by
21% and consensus by 13%
EPS was at RMB0.46 (+38% YoY, +99% QoQ), above our estimate by 21% and
consensus by 22%.
Figure 7: FY2Q21 results review
Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS, Bloomberg
Operating model
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Valuation
Hikvision (002415 CH, BUY, TP RMB80.00)
P/E, 50% above its 3-year mean. We believe Hikvision deserves re-rating as supply chain
risk is mitigated after two years of product re-design. Also, strong growth in innovative
business proves Hikvision transformation to an intelligent camera solution provider rather
than a pure surveillance company. Hikvision announced plan to spin off its smart home
business (Ezviz Network) on STAR board. We believe the spin-off could provide new
financing channel to support IoT/ AI R&D.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS does not
provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or its affiliate(s)
to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any
transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense
whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report
does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIS
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices
and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or
conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment
decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of
its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this
report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any
responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published
in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.