Grand Bank report 2024: The increase in profits continues to improve The Grand Bank (601818) incident: On the evening of 30 August, Grand Bank released its 2024th semi-annual report on the realization of operating income of $69,808 million
Zhang Xiaohui ' s priority area has been scaled up to increase the size of its public contribution. By the end of 2024h, the total output of large banks amounted to 6.8 trillion yuan, a 0.57 per cent increase over the previous year, a slight slowdown over the end of q1.
Wang Quan Dynasty is moving toward growth. The Grand Bank focuses on the modern industrial system and promotes the practice number: $15005192120002
At the end of 2024h, loans in the priority areas of science and technology, green, inclusive, strategic and emerging industries, manufacturing, and private sector were growing rapidly and faster than loans.
At the end of 2024h, retail aum was 2.87 trillion yuan, an increase of 13.7 per cent from the end of the previous year.
The banking sector is now focused on supporting the real economy, and the bank interest rate is at the bottom. We believe that the next positive fiscal and monetary policy is expected to increase continuously.
Risks such as property are expected to be phased out, commercial banks are expected to have a steady spread, performance indicators are expected to have a flat rate compared to q1, and core capital is further strengthened.
Line 12.7pc. Large banks continue to increase their capacity to make provision, strengthen the asset quality control base, and Sunda Securities Inc. enhance their risk response capabilities.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. Sufficiency rate, Level I capital adequacy rate, capital adequacy rate of 9.59 per cent, 11.79 per cent, 13.87 per cent respectively.
Q3 +0.21 pct, +0.25 pct, +0.17 pct, respectively. Profit forecasts: large banks actively promote integrated public-private business development, focus on wealth management, retail aum expansion accelerates, capital indicators continue to improve and asset quality is expected to improve
Risk factors: risks associated with business transformation; tightening regulatory policies; downside risks of economic growth; figure 2: net income differentials are downward; figure 4: Savings upswing (billion yuan)
Figure 5: Non-performing loan rates flat; Figure 6: Sustained capital adequacy at the core level, covering mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the financial sector and finance, asset liabilities, wind
In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.