Grand Bank (601818.sh): Focus on structure
China ' s Guang Da Bank was established in August 1992 as a national commercial bank with a share system, which was approved by the State Council and approved by the People ' s Bank of China and is based in Beijing.
In August 2010, Grand Bank was listed on the roll, and the company's 1h24 profits increased by 1.3 pct to 1.7% over 1q24.
Agility, technology, ecology, through performance is being made primarily through the provision of countervailing, scale growth and non-smoking, and quarterly changes are taking place in the context of integration, specialization, lightening, digitalization, etc.
Profits are changing to a higher level of countervailing provisions, a narrower non-interest reduction and a reduced negative interest differential impact; Innovations in fast products, channels and service modes, in wealth management, negative changes are a slight contraction in scale circles and a slight increase in cost spending.
Greater market competitive advantages have been developed in areas such as R & F technology, leading to balanced business development, improved risk management, and growing capacity for innovation.
The decline, in line with seasonal patterns, reflects the current insufficient demand for effective credit and the firm’s insistence on quality, which has led to the development of a social strategy of first-class wealth management banks.
Continued asset end-of-end interest rates continue to be under pressure by the effect of an lpr adjustment and weak credit demand, with interest rate declines and structural optimization continuing to drive savings cost improvements; overall, net interest differentials have fallen and other non-interest increases have been better supporting a moderate decline in non-interest income. On non-interest, the ratio of 1h24 falls slightly.
0.4 per cent; of this, 21.7 per cent was lower than in the same year, mainly due to lower fees for bank card services, if the retail retailing industry was worse off. The poor rate of retail loans was lower than at the beginning of the year. The write-off rate was 0.75 per cent, lower than the 23a level.
Investment recommendations: Big banks have a solid foundation, wealth management bank strategies are advancing steadily, and core business indicators are good. In the current context of weak credit demand and lower interest rates on loans, companies are more focused on structural adjustment.
Grand Bank (601818.sh): Focus on structural optimization, smooth quality of assets Source of financial wisdom in the East: Figure 3: Grand Bank 1q24, 1h24 split performance
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Great Bank of Light (601818.sh): Focus on structural excellence, the quality of assets, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Great Bank of Light (601818.sh): Focus on structural excellence, the quality of assets, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
You will not have any part of your salary in the past, nor will you have it in the future as specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.