The profits continue to increase and the cost of deposits improves: on 31 August, the Grand Bank issued a 24-year interim report. The cumulative revenue of 24h1 was 69.8 billion yuan, yoy-8.8 per cent; the net profit to the mother was 24.5 billion yuan, yoy + 1.7 per cent; the negative rate was 1.25 per cent, with a provision coverage of 172 per cent.
The rate of increase in revenue is narrow, and other non-interest-bearing income is central. Big Bank 24h1 receipts are equal to \triangleright to compensate for the adverse effects of the narrow spread of interest rates through scale expansion.
As a result of the impact, income from the 24h1 bank card charges has declined considerably, resulting in a continued low growth rate. Other non-interest-bearing income increases have continued to be visible, mainly as a result of the bank’s decision to dispose of its financial assets, resulting in a substantial increase in investment returns.
In the context of the overall stability of asset quality performance, the research assistant Wang Xiao Xiao, who is prepared to carry on with the understatement, is the main reason why the profit performance is supported.
The increase in deposits slowed, delaying the expansion of the size of the assets. The total assets of large banks, total loans, total deposits at a rate of +0.6%, +4.0%, 6.0% respectively, compared to 24q1 - 2.5pt, 1. light banks (601818.sh) for the year 2023:
At the end of the liability, the cost of deposits as a whole has improved, but the pricing of public demand deposits is still more rigid, with a downswing of the July deposit book price, which is expected to fall in the second half of the year.
Large banks with 24h1 investment returns of the same year +71 per cent, strongly supporting the growth rate; net interest income, low demand at the retail end, pressure at the middle-growth stage, but also favourable in the medium to long term; and the impact of deposit upscaling prices are still gradually being felt and the cost of the liabilities at the end.
\triangleright Figure 1: Growth in performance by big banks as of 24h1 on a year-on-year basis (cumulative) Figure 2: Increase in net interest income and median income by big banks as of 24h1 on a year-on-year basis (cumulative)
Figure 3: Growth of other non-interest-bearing income of large banks on a year-on-year basis as at 24h1 (cumulative) Figure 4: Assets of large banks on a year-on-year basis as at 24h1 and loans on a year-on-year basis Figure 5: Total liabilities of large banks on a year-on-year basis as at 24h1
Figure 8: Large banks as of 24h1 interest rate, overdue rate Summary of data projections of corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.