The matrix of medical and aesthetic products has been enriched, and the business transition point will be the current Chinese medicine (000963.sz) 17st of 2022.
• Corporate business blocks will be emerging, and medical and American business developments will be strong The pharmaceutical industry has led to the formation of core product lines, mainly in the areas of chronic kidney disease, transplant immunization, endocrine, digestive systems; the company was negatively affected by the new crown disease and reduced prices in health-care negotiations between 2020 and 2021
The pace of growth has slowed slightly, and in this context the company has actively faced business pressures, with ongoing research and development efforts in the industrial sector to create new, enriched product pipelines, power cells and out-of-hospital hospital channels; the commercial sector has built up the intra-hospital market + out-of-hospital agreements with Kylane, Switzerland, for the acquisition of 100 per cent of Spain's Hightech stock in 2021.
In the field of energy-sourced medical equipment, the Eyeon needles of the UK fully-owned subsidiary Sinclair have been approved for sale and officially sold in the country, and business development has been stronger. It is expected that in 2021-2023 the company will return to its mother ' s net profit-sharing system with a clear matrix of medical and aesthetic products.
Since the introduction of Yvonne's products in 2013, medical beauty has been expanded to include the development, production, marketing, and servicing of the latest products and instruments in the area of facial microscopic and skin management, with the active introduction of medical beauty on a global scale.
There are a number of non-surgery-based medical products, such as energy-sourced devices.
More than 250 trained and certified doctors outnumber 500, and marketing has been fully rolled out. Markets are well received, and sales are expected to be exceeded throughout the year.
It's a great advantage. The Chinese medicine llansé Yeon-yun is the country's only single and first approved female needle product with three types of medical equipment, with a pre-emptive advantage in the domestic market, and is expected to dominate the market for medical excellence in the traditional pharmaceutical leading companies.
The pharmaceutical business is dominated by the pharmaceutical industry, which covers the entire pharmaceutical chain.
Core product pipelines in the areas of chronic kidney disease, transplant immunization, endocrine, digestive systems; company pharmaceutical companies have four main business sections: Central and Western drugs, medical devices, medicinal material participation, and the health industry; and the company’s medical and beauty operations are well positioned, focusing on the development, production and marketing of the most recent products and instruments in the area of facial micro-record and skin management.
Table 1: The company has been growing steadily every year since its establishment in 1993 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
• The signing of a joint venture agreement with the Hubei Ange Biological Group Ltd. to co-invest in the establishment of the Lake North American Kiki Health Science and Technology Company Ltd. (tentative name, subject to the business register) and to promote the development, production and marketing of products such as nutritious and healthy foods and raw materials for personal care functions;
• Participation in the restructuring of Hua Chang Gokko, which will buy 100% of its shares after the reorganization, and will invest more than RMB 108 million in the form of a replenishment. Figure 1: Business income, net return profits and share prices of companies have been growing steadily for more than 20 years. 1.2. Corporate business blocks will emerge, and medical and US business will grow strongly
The following companies are actively facing business pressures, continuing to promote research and development innovation in the industrial sector, enrichment of product pipelines, power, grass-roots and out-of-hospital hospitals; building a full-network marketing platform in the commercial sector for intra- and extra-hospital markets, integrating power suppliers and upgrading cold-chain distribution capabilities; and signing an agreement with kylane, Switzerland, in 2020 to obtain maili
The global exclusive licensing and exclusive trading of botulinum products in China, the acquisition of 100 per cent of West Panthrightech ' s shares in 2021 for the deployment of energy-sourced medical equipment, and the addition of the Young Yeon-seok needles under the United Kingdom subsidiary Sinclair, have been approved for marketing and formal sale in the country.
Figure 2: Combined annual growth rate of Chinese medicine in the last 10 years: 13.09 per cent. Figure 3: Combined annual growth rate of Chinese medicine in the last 10 years of net profit return to mothers: 24.89 per cent (in billions of yuan)
The company’s profits are expected to be released gradually, beginning to be realized in the third quarter of 2021, as the industrial plate continues to innovate and develop, and as the core products of the medical plate are marketed and released. In the first three quarters of 2021, the industrial block’s business started to grow by 127.4%.
Sinklair’s own revenue growth of 79.24% is the best performance in the company’s history. The controlling shareholder of the Hangzhou East Pharmaceuticals Group is Hangzhou’s fully-owned subsidiary, Hangzhou City State Capital Investment Operations Company Ltd., established in 2018 by the Hangzhou City State Finance Committee, whose main function is to make strategic investments, emerging on behalf of the Hangzhou municipality.
Industrial development, high-quality municipal state-owned assets, and the development of key municipal industries in Hangzhou. China’s medical industry has been expanding its medical landscape through fully-owned companies, such as China’s leading technology companies, which have invested in or held ownership of many of the country’s biotech companies.
Figure 6: China’s stable shareholdings and background to the Hangzhou State Finance Committee,2 the pharmaceutical industry: collection impacts are largely eliminated, innovative lines of medicine are rich, and the company’s pharmaceutical industry’s core subsidiary, China’s medicine industry, for 14 years, has been well above the domestic level.
The pharmaceutical industry roe. In 2020, China and the United States actively managed to overcome the effects of centralized procurement of medicines throughout the country, and their business performance continued to grow, generating 11.40 billion yuan a year, an increase of 5.07 per cent a year, a net profit of 2,332 million yuan, and a steady increase in sales of the company's star's one-size-fits-all capsule hospital from 2015 to 2018, beginning in 2019.
The increase in competition for 100 grand and in the management of hospital medicines, among other reasons, has declined; in December 2020, the results of the 100 percent capsule negotiations were set at 1.03 yuan (0.5g) and 0.51 yuan (0.2g), respectively, down from 33 per cent and 33.8 per cent respectively from the previous national lowest winning price, which remained in the same range of medicines until 2021.
More than 90% of the intra-hospital market share. In January 2020, after the second round of the collection of large-scale Akapopose (Kabopin) companies lost their targets, the Chinese medicine industry, through market positioning for differentiated products, fully promoted the layout and organization of the grass-roots, off-the-hospital and self-funded markets.
In December 2020, Acapo chews took part in the National Health Insurance Institute’s health-care payment standards, and negotiations for the renewal of the health-care contract were successful, which was 38% lower than the pre-negotiation minimum provincial health-care payment price and is expected to be released in the future.
In the face of pressure from drug collectors, companies have continued to invest more in research and development, continuously enriching the layout of innovative drug research and development pipelines, introducing 47 new innovative research and development talent from within and outside the country in 2020 and investing 1,444 million yuan in industrial research and development, an increase of 8.91 per cent over the same period, of which $525 million is spent on research and development, including the introduction of new external pharmaceutical technologies and benefits, representing an increase of 94.10 per cent from 2019.
The company has built a rich R & D biosphere, including gold-based, multi-optimal, multi-platform, and antibodies with a special focus on immuno-related diseases, which hatches the entire product line for the development of adc toxic materials. An agreement with the United States company Ashvattha will be obtained in 2021.
The 8 paragraphs owned by Ashvattha are developing exclusive licences for products in 20 Asian countries and regions, including China, Singapore and Malaysia, which include the use of the relevant intellectual property rights of the company for R & D, production and commercialization, to form the China East Medicine Ecoosphere.
The company has a number of priority product layouts around the three core treatment areas of endocrine, anti-cancer and self-immunisation, such as: (1) ttp273 in the field of diabetes (the first oral glp-1 small molecular innovation drug in the world), Somalu and Lilaluin injections; (2) hdm 2002 in the field of oncology (the first global target for fr).
Adc of alpha-positive ovarian cancer is studying drugs and Myvardini (repair of late non-cellular lung); and (3) self-inoculation against the original drug Usni for the disease, Hdm301 (for the treatment of silver crumbs and Crohn disease). Diabetes is the area where the medicine has been pouring for nearly 20 years, and in September 2021, the medicine was handed over to Lila.
Lila Lupin is a similar product to a man's insulin high blood sugar sample (glp-1), which is an important target for diabetes treatment and has a variety of biological functions: blood sugar dependence promotes insulin secretion, protection of insulin beta cells, delayed stomach drains and reduced appetite.
Millions of dollars, with high growth, accelerates insulin substitution. Moreover, Lilalupi's dietary adaptive condition is expected to be declared on the market by the end of 2021, while the gpl-1 category of products in the country has been approved for dietary adaptive conditions, and Lilalupi is expected to grow faster when it is marketed in the country.
Table 2: The development, approval and production applications for innovative medicines, innovative medical devices, bio-like medicines and imitations are being actively pursued in China.
Large plates; business plates have a high operating cost, with a Māori rate of 7.52%. In 2020, affected by the epidemic and clustering, the business plates, although somewhat lower than in 2019, are expected to explore the business model of retail pharmacies in 2020 under business transformation and effective cost control.
In Zhejiang province, there is a stronger competitive advantage in expanding power suppliers and achieving rapid growth; the expansion has achieved business income of $17,268 million in the corporate pharmaceutical business in the 1-3 quarter of the year, an increase of 7.03 per cent. The pharmaceutical industry has accelerated the formation of product extension teams, and the number of innovations introduced in the year has exceeded 2020.
Figure 11: The company's pharmaceutical business has a stronger competitive edge in Zhejiang Medical and beauty business: towards the end of the international medical crisis, accelerating the deployment of the American industry Chinese medicine has reached an agreement with lig in South Korea in 2013 to gain exclusive power to represent Yvonne urinate in China.
The company has been actively promoting the development and branding of medically-trained areas worldwide since 2018, when it acquired Sinclair, a fully-owned British subsidiary, and acquired its core product, llanse (injection with long-acting microballs) and silhouette, which is a global product. In April 2019, the company invested its equity in the United States company r2 and won r2.
In March 2020, the British subsidiary, Sinclair, sold the galderma sculptra.
Acid microball) products are marketed in Western Europe, with a Swiss company, Kylane, which has a global exclusive license for the new maili series containing lidocaine products. In August 2020, the Korea jetema a botox was granted exclusive domestic representation; and in October 2020, a deep equity investment and product co-development agreement was reached with kylane.
Strategic cooperation; in February 2021, Sinclair acquired 100 per cent of the shares of the Spanish energy-source medical beauty company, Hightech, in areas such as fabrication and skin restoration.
The medical beauty business of medical medicine in China is focused on the development, production, marketing, and servicing of the latest products and instruments in the area of facial microscopic and skin management, the active global introduction of new high-tech products, new technologies in the field of medicine, the creation of high-end, differentiated medical brands and product clusters, which by 2021 were in possession of differentiated and transparent sodium sodium acid.
Portfolio, Protein Stimulators, Botoxa, Botox, Botling Lines, Energy Source Devices, etc.
In Shanghai, São Paulo, Mexico City, Seoul, Paris, etc., sales outlets are available. Sinclair’s main products include llansé needles, silhouette bells, maili urea, perfectha urea, and the new pulmonary protein of Lanluma.
In August 2021, the female needle was officially landed on the mainland Chinese market, based on the idea that the product was made from 30% pcl (polymer microball) and 70% cmc (polymer meth cellulose) and that the injection was followed by a rapid filling by cmc, after which pcl microballs could stimulate the regeneration of the injections by subcutaneous plycol protein.
So the maintenance time is longer than the normal filling, and cmc and pcl can be completely metabolized by humans into carbon dioxide and water. The Chinese medicine llansé is the only and first approved female needle product with three types of medical equipment in the country, with a pre-emptive advantage in the domestic market, and is expected to dominate the medical market.
The three most important products in the market that stimulate the regenerative growth of the pelican proteins are the Huadong Pharmacy Pharmacists, the Americ Puscopic Acupuncture Pocket and the St. Boma Pocket, which are essentially in the field of regenerative medicine and beauty.
The concept of regenerative medicine has also received widespread attention in the market, with long-acting medical injections such as female needles.
St. Boma's coronary needles are plla (polysed pelvic acid) and cmc (polysed methyl cellulose) and post-injection effects are dominated by regenerative glyphs. The pro-American comoscope composition is 18% plla (polysed left cyst acid) and 82% transparent sodium acid condensate (including lidocaine), which is filled immediately after injection with transparent sodium acid gels.
The regenerative effects of left-wing ecstasy irritating the regenerative proteins are evident. As of 2021, more than 250 partnerships had been signed, more than 500 certified doctors had been trained, and sales had been rolled out.
In order to avoid a lack of capacity, the company built a new factory in the Netherlands, Almeller, to expand its capacity and become operational, and to ensure comprehensive follow-up to the domestic supply capacity of young girls, which is expected to grow faster in the domestic market.
4.2. Puretic acid: The market for high-end pure acids in the active layout, according to Frost Sullivan data, shows an annual growth trend in the application of transparent acids in the medical beauty field for the period 2015-2019, and a decline in the number of surgeries in 2020 as a result of the effects of the epidemic.
There has also been a decline in the size of the market for the use of urogenic acid in medical beauty, which reached $7.28 billion in medical beauty applications in 2020. In 2020, the Chinese firm Sinclair acquired 20% of the shares of the Swiss company Kyanaelaboratories.
It is a new high-end ilidocaine puretic acid, certified in June 2020 by the European Union and marketed on the European market in the first half of 2021. The high-end market for product positioning is one of the most effective products in the world.
The lidocaine component reduces the pain of the urinary acid injection process, using the unique oxifreetm patent manufacturing technology, which is the first patent technology in the world to retain the long-molecular ha chain. It enables transparent acids (ha) to interact efficiently with bdde dibutadiol, creating an extremely soft, spring-like gel.
It has four series of products: Precise, Devine, Volume, Extreme, which apply to different parts of the face through differential formulation, providing consumers with an overall solution for facial filling.
For 12-18 months, the company has developed a Chinese listing plan for maili. In May 2021, Sinclair, a fully-owned subsidiary of the United Kingdom, acquired the EU cce on sterile, one-time, absorbable, and lidocaine-containing real skin filler (ha urea) (including the product of the Lidocaine perfectha series)
Certifying certificate. 100% of the product series is a new generation of two-phased transparent acid fillers, made from French raw materials of high quality, easy to inject, with a lasting filling effect that is effective in quelling facial wrinkles and compensating for volume losses, with almost no bdde residues.
Over 3.5 million products have been sold globally in 12 years. The approved product was added to the original product base of the perfectha series to increase the comfort of the injection process. 4.3. Energy-source medical beauty: layout body plastics and white spots
4.3.1 The demand of Chinese doctors and American consumers in the area of physical plasticization is gradually spreading from their faces to their bodies. According to the United States Mission, Chinese consumers spent the sum of their health projects in 2018-2020.
The proportion spent has increased from 28% to 46% annually, and the willingness to invest in the body is growing rapidly. The market size of China’s plastic market is growing rapidly, reaching about 17.2 billion in 2022, and the future rate of growth will be dominated by invasive and non-intrusive forms, and invasive medicine means traditional invasive surgery.
For lipid abatement techniques, the effects are usually more obvious, but the safety and side effects are relatively high; non-intrusive medical plastics are mainly designed to achieve lipid reduction in vitro using PV tools such as refrigeration, ultrasound, radio frequency, etc. The settings used are extremely important. According to the American data, the two types of non-intrusive projects, namely, frozen lipid reduction, ultrasound reduction orders, have been ordered in the past.
In three years, the annual growth in chemicalization reached 318% and 216%, respectively, higher than the invasive medical and aesthetic projects. The frozen fats are the only one in the country that has been marketed, the only dual-certified fda and cfda, and clinical studies show that the fat layer has the highest reduction in the thickness of a single treatment part of the cool plastic.
27%. During the first half of 2020, sales in China increased by more than 100% on a year-on-year basis, equipment coverage increased by nearly 50%, the number of official co-operative U.S. medical institutions or hospitals increased by almost 70%, and the potential of the frozen fat market was greater.
Up to Euro20 million in milestone payments for the acquisition of cocoonbusinsinvestments, s.l.u, which was held in April of the year, completes a full stock cut.
Leading autonomous core technologies. The main products include a series of frozen resins such as cooltech, coooltechdefine, crystile, and laser stripping, such as prismlase, elysion.
With many years of specialized R & D and market development, Hightech has a high degree of recognition among users of its refrigerated resin series, and the Medialinsight industry report shows that its frozen resin products ranked second in the market for plastics and tight skin equipment in the emea (known as the three regions of Europe, the Middle East, Africa) in 2019.
Officially launched before the end of the year; overseas listed radio frequency products for facial rejuvenation and physical plasticization are expected to be listed in China in the second quarter of 2022.
The company, which holds an American share of r234%, has introduced a life-friendly version of instrument F0 and has acquired distribution rights in the cold Asia-Pacific countries. The company is actively preparing the sale of glacialspaTM(f0) in China, and is expected to be officially launched into the Chinese market in 2021, and has entered into a cooperative arrangement with some beauty-dressing institutions.
GracialTMrx(f1) is moving ahead with China’s registration in an orderly manner, and is expected to be listed in China in 2024, and f2 (whole body spray white) is in the research and development phase. The unique ice technology of US r2 is different from the common laser-tocking technique that allows precision from the source.
Directly inhibiting the production and transmission of black herbs, reducing chromosomal sedimentation, low-temperature and sustained muscle bottoms, and also accelerating the metabolism of old waste horns, pigmentation, and restoring the white cleanness of the skin. The bright white skin f0 is about to be marketed by the father of modern laser medicine, Wilman Light electrician, Massachusetts General Hospital, USA.
The Director of the Centre of Sciences, Roxanderson, m.d., developed for the core technical team, is a frozen version of the life beauty machine, which will be developed in future for beauty institutions, with a wider market space.
Serious, etc., is a relatively vacant item in the market. 4.4. Built: The facial lift technology that makes the domestic market more competitive is the way that the skin is to be drawn through the tila of the line by implanting a special beauty line.
The traditional wrinkled surgery usually uses surgery for skin removal, extra skin removal, and subsequent suture uplifting to achieve therapeutic effects. The wire sculpting technique uses wires that can be absorbed by the human body (mainly pddo, bell wire, Meditation, Minova, pleasure-lithering, etc.) to fit into areas that need to be improved, and
The first generation of wire sculpting techniques introduced the concept of “line sculpting” in 1990 and used a hooked surgical sutures (aptos) to skin the face without the wire material being absorbed into the body. The second generation of wire sculpting techniques.
In 2004, US Doctor Dr. Gregory introduced the contour line, and the wire sculpture entered a new phase. Lines are not to be absorbed by humans, with the first approved improved line in fda. The third generation of line sculpture technology began to be widely applied in Korea in 2012, with a strong pull that can be absorbed by humans.
The wires used are human-absorbent wires, which are invented longer than the wire sculptor technology. The wires of the wires are distinguished from the material mainly by the pddo, plla, pdo and pgla lines, and each line is separated from the type, by the smooth line, by the spiral line and by the sawing line, and each line has different fine specifications.
There are fewer face-laying products in the country, except for the American-Americans' tightness, Korean-style biology, mint and Hensen pddo lines, most of which are used for surgery sutures, and the domestic wire market is expected to start rapidly in February 2021, the Chinese Pharmacy UK fully-funded silhouetteinstaliftTM
Announcing official entry to registered clinical research, installiftm was certified by the United States fda in 2015 as the only absorbable wire product approved by the United States fda for the middle-face organization Tiara. Silhouetteinstalifttm has 3d two-way cones (in the opposite direction) that can be firmly tightened with the organization once the wire is implanted. At the same time, the cones are used.
Absorpable plga (polypropyl-acetylene, also known as polyemultic acid/polyethanol acid copolymer) ingredients that can be absorbed, biocompatible and biodegradable, and that are not left behind by metabolic processes in humans. Unlike traditional wirelines, they are designed in reverse and have limited fixed points and are easily available.
The risk of breakage of wire material; the silhouetteinstavtTM is outside the online body, and the design of the special vertebrae (or bell) strengthens the solidity of the central axis, increases the size of the subcutaneous tissue, and also stimulates the surrounding skin ingenuity of the gel protein.
The silhouette series has been certified or marketed in more than 60 countries or regions, and according to the Mellenniumresearchgroup, inc 2018 research report, the silhouetteette series of Sinclair companies ranked first in the United States and in the European region in terms of their share of the market share of the line. aestheticsurgeryjournal data show that
After the treatment of Silhouette, the patient’s satisfaction is higher and is expected to grow faster after China’s listing. (2) Medicines business: considering the gradual recovery of corporate business from the effects of the epidemic from the beginning of 2021, the counterfeit medicine business has generated 24,852 million yuan, 27,337 million yuan and 30,617 million yuan.
(3) International Medical Beauty: Considering that the company’s star products, the girl needle, started in China’s market at the end of August 2021, is comparable, the average value of the pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical business and the medical and aesthetic business in 2021 was 33.49, 10.01, and 79.10 times the average in the pharmaceutical industry.
Future Medico-American operations are growing faster, with Chinese medicine having a valuation value ratio compared to the same pharmaceutical industry and medical-American companies, giving a “buy-in” rating. (1) Research and development progress is less than expected.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of the Law on the Administration of the Registration of Medicines, the Law on the Administration of the Registration of Medical Devices, etc., medicines and medical devices are required to be approved and approved by the National Drug Control Service and to obtain the relevant product registration documents before they can be placed on the market.
There is some uncertainty as to whether new products will eventually be marketed. (2) Registration of medical and aesthetic products has progressed less than expected.
In recent years, the market for medical beauty has grown rapidly, and the average Māori rate in the medical products industry has been higher, attracting a large number of households.
As firms enter the domestic market through autonomous R & D or mergers, industry competition will grow, new products may face additional obstacles in the future, and new products may be marketed by firms or there is a risk that they will not be promoted as expected.