The company issued three quarterly reports, which generated $9,797 million in revenue in the first three quarters, an increase of 39.71 per cent over the previous three quarters; it was attributed to the top.
The company's net profits were 1,035 million, an increase of 169.33 per cent over the same period.
At the same time, as a result of the sharp rise in international oil prices, investment returns reached $359 million, an increase of 667 million compared to the previous year.
The unit compares its performance to 300 deep, while the company's reliance on fully autonomous core gas technology is expected to boost the gas project in the future.
New Olympic gas under the umbrella of the New Olympic Group is one of the five major gas companies in the country, providing 15 billion pieces of natural gas annually in 160 counties and cities across the country, but due to lack of upstream resources, all natural gas is dependent on three barrels of oil supply or foreign imports, which constrains the development of the entire group in the area of natural gas. The New Olympic Group addresses the upstream development bottlenecks.
In 2016, the second largest producer of oil and gas, santos, acquired 11.72% of its shares on the Internet, and now shares 10.07% on santos, its first shareholder. Meanwhile, the active placement of the lng receiving station, which now offers 3 million tons of production capacity in the first quarter of the year, is now warming up this winter.
This period is expected to benefit from an increase in the price of ng, which is expected to expand to 10 million tons in the future. The construction of the reception site will not only solve the problem of the company’s imported gas sources, but also improve the company’s performance through ng trade, and enable the New Olympic Group to achieve a real whole-of-business chain layout in the area of natural gas.
International oil prices have fallen sharply: exchange rate fluctuations have led to lower investment returns: the price of coal methanol has fallen significantly.
2. New Olympic shares (600803), research report: santos run out of profits and officially enter the harvest period.
Yang Xiaohui: Together with the Department of Chemical Engineering of the University of Nanjing and the University of Rutgers of the United States of America, they developed a doctorate in geochemistry (Earth exploration and information technology, calculating the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources). In October 2014, they joined the civil securities industry to study major energy directions such as petrochemicals. 2015 Lee Xiaohui: Graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and graduate in chemistry.
In March 2016, the author joined the civil securities industry to conduct research on the direction of petrochemicals, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.