New Olympic shares (60803), materials, materials, materials, and plans to buy Toshiba's lang business in the United States.
Event: The company released a major asset purchase plan for the purchase of the United States Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) business in Toshiba.
An ng portfolio. After a review, ng business is not a Toshiba core business, and Toshiba is unable to predict that it can create synergies with other business, and that it is based on uncertainty about the market conditions in Toshiba, and that there is a risk of potential loss in its United States lang business, and is therefore considered for sale.
Basic elements of the programme: the company intends to designate an offshore subsidiary to purchase toshibaamerica, owned by Toshibaamericana, owned by Toshibaamericana (million shares) subsidiary, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “tai”) for $15 million
Total market value/flow (millions) Ingcorpation (hereinafter referred to as “tal”) 100 per cent equity with 12 month maximum/minimum toshibaergy
The price difference between the cash transaction and the US$ billion [Panish Chemical] shares of the company's offshore shares (60803).
Powers and obligations to accept related contracts: tal currently holds four major contracts, covering a slight decline in the natural performance ring, and does not alter the hub for continuous transmission to gas pipelines, gas liquefied treatment, butane injection and port tugboat contracts. tal and flng
Up, the 20-year shares of natural gas (60803) signed by maintaining the “buy-in” - 2018/10/30 Liquefaction3,llc (hereinafter “fliq3) [Pacific Chemical]
Liquefied treatment agreement, a pipeline transport agreement with another natural gas pipeline operator, New Olympic stock depth: positioning clean energy with a “pay-as-you-go” clause, which is about 2.2 million tons of natural gas liquefied capacity per year.
The company estimates that, without taking into account changing costs such as electricity, natural gas liquids associated with liquefied liquids will go up - - 2018/09/13.
A total of about $350-40 million per year is spent on services, plumbing, etc. New Olympics (60803), New Olympics (2018h1) reported: multi-platforms
Time of commissioning: due to commercialization of the Flik3 Liquefied Facility (5.1 million tons of design liquefied capacity) energy, upturning of performance, low valuation, impact on companies: (i) resources are king, locking in upstream natural gas resources.
According to the point of view, our natural gas is once again in a period of gold development, with a dividend and industry alpha. 20.7 billion tons of aggregate gas consumption in January-September 2018, 18.2 per cent more than in the previous year, while production is increasing by about 6.5 per cent.
By contrast, the volume of imports has already exceeded the amount of imported pipeline gas, with lng importing about 59% in 2017, and is intended to buy the United States lang business in Toshiba, which will be deployed overseas, and will be maintained overseas by the “buy-in” bureau, making it Australia’s second largest shareholder in the oil and gas company santos.
Sub-acquisitions and increased import channels in the United States have helped to increase corporate control over upstream resources. US dollars/millions of heat, while US natural gas prices are around US$3/million of heat, taking into account liquefied, transport costs, which are well below domestic market prices and enjoy domestic spillovers.
Prices. (3) Integration, building up the upper-central platform. The New Olympic Group has an excellent downstream distribution channel of several hundred million, with a national total of 6.1%, a year-on-year ratio of +36.9%, sustained growth in 2018, and middle-country ownership of the canyon lng receiving station. This buy-in is good for the group's “up-down-up-down-up-down-up-up-up-up-up-down-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up
To improve risk-resilientness while strengthening the corporate strategy of building up-to-reach platforms. 2. Keep in mind that the energy price hub is going up, that inflation needs are being suppressed by mid-term elections in the United States, and that oil-producing countries such as the United States and Saudi Arabia continue to grow in production.
In view of the future, we believe that oil price increases are in the interest of the oil-producing countries, and that, after the mid-term elections, for example, for crude oil markets, oil prices in the oil-producing countries have been subject to a major adjustment since late October 2018.
On 7 October, the OPEC delegation was informed that the OPEC+ ministers would discuss the 2019 cut in production, noting that the organization was concerned about the rise in crude oil stocks. For methanol, considering the rise in oil prices and the improvement in profit from downstream coal-based hydrocarbons; and natural gas stress.
Prices are expected to stabilize after the heating season of the gas-based methanol plant. 3. Profit forecasting and rating stations, focus on natural gas, main coal, methanol, natural gas production sales, energy technology engineering
The centre of the beneficiary energy price is up, the point of performance is up, the value is low, the purchase is maintained, the acquisition of the Toshiba lang business is proposed, the overseas layout is maintained, the acquisition of the Toshiba lang business is maintained, the overseas layout is planned, the acquisition of the Toshiba lang business is planned, the overseas layout is maintained, and the overseas layout is maintained.
We're going to take over Toshiba's lang business in the United States, we're going to go back to the city, and we're going to maintain the "buy-in" institute.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.