Quarterly 2023: Industrial plate growth robustly, medically fair, 21st of 2023, higher than speed, lower) net profit for mothers is 755 million yuan (+7.23%) and net profit for non-mothers is deducted.
▪ The pharmaceutical business block is growing at an accelerated pace in one quarter and the income of the industrial sector is growing at a steady pace. 1) The business sector is affected by the increased demand for phased medicines, 2023q1 companies are growing at a faster rate than ever, achieving an overall operating income of $6,844 million
(+15.67%) Accumulated net profit achieved by 15.06% over the same year. 2) Industrial plates, central subsidiaries of China, China, and the East, as a whole, continue to maintain a steady growth trend, achieving operating income (including 3) of industrial micro-organisms, and declining demand on the international market for orders to operate with nuclear material.
In addition to the impact, the rest of the product business has been growing steadily. The market in the Medical College of the United States of America is expected to grow faster in the second quarter of the year. q1, in 2023, the Medical College achieved a combined income of $503 million (the internal offsetting factor was eliminated).
Domestic medical and US business: sales company Hinko-Mi actively seized the market opportunity of a gradual recovery in the country’s medical and US market, generating business income of $210 million, recovering well, and the company’s domestic medical and US business is expected to perform better in the second quarter.
U.S. operations: combined operating income of £33.8 million (approximately £284 million) for Sinclair, an increase of 8.89 per cent over the same year; £2.9 million for ebitda, a slowdown of the same rate, the main cause of the slowdown in the rate of growth, Chinese Medicine (000963), 2022.
• Innovative medicines/medical research lines are rich, and the products are on the market for long-term growth.
Business block income growth solidly $306 million, with product introduction and R & D equity invested in $81 million. The Center for Global Research and Development on Innovative Medicines has established over 40 innovative drug research and development pipelines since its inception, and clinical declarations have been approved.
Chinese medicine (000963); three six in 2022; three in pre-nda/pre-bla3.
Quarterly review: Medical and American revenues kept fast, all of the candidates in the clinical trials were in the group and have started to follow up; Sinclair has started the llansé production growth, industry and the micro-sites are on the move.
The bipolar radio frequency resistance device “Reaction” is scheduled to be marketed at 2023q2. In addition, obesity or overweight adaptation to Lilalu is expected to be approved in the course of the year.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: maintenance of the projected net return profits of the company for 2023-2025 at a lower than expected risk of the foreign medicine-US subsidiary being unprofitable; risk of uncertainty in the collection policy, etc.
East Wu Securities Company Ltd. has portfolio investments with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board