Chinadong Medicines (000963.sz) Gains and losses on participation in the R & D institutions, etc., resulting in a net profit of $855 million (+14.99 per cent) not attributable to the mother.
In March, China and the Middle East achieved a revenue of 3,075 million yuan (including cso operations, +10.19 per cent), a net profit of 667 million yuan (+15.90 per cent), an increase of 39.98 per cent in the ring over 2022q4, an overall increase of 15.06 per cent, and an increase in the rate of increase due mainly to increased demand for phased medicines.
q1 medical and industrial microbiology operations were slightly affected, with a high rate of growth of q2 and year-round growth. Speed slowed by delays in some regional orders, with £33.8 million (+889%, approximately RM284 million), ebitda 2.99 million in domestic operations.
The rest of the product has been growing at a steady pace, as a result of a smooth recovery from the boom and expansion of the market, a 2.1-per-cent recovery in Xinko-Memei, and a decline in international demand for nuclear material intermediates. We believe that medical and industrial micro-organisms are growing robustly, as the internal layout improves and expands.
In 2023, q2 were expected to return to high growth. 387 million yuan (direct R&D $306 million plus product introduction and R&D equity investment) was invested in industrial R&D.
Main research and development progress: elahere submitted pre-bla in March and domestic Ind in February; hdm301 completed pre-bla delivery in April; hdm1002 submitted to China in February and plans to complete United States Ind application in April
Submitting; Lilalupi injection fluids expected to be approved during the year; Smégrum injection fluids & Insulin del Gove: iii clinical studies are expected to be initiated in the second half of the year; hd-np-102 was submitted as Chinese pre-nda in April; and the llansém domestic testee was completed and started to follow.
Visited, llansézé, United States of America, registered for launch; sculpt&shape launched on the European market, and Riène  q2 is sold domestically.bd On January, the subsidiary, Huadong Medicine (Hang State), was granted exclusive commercial rights to Zevaki Orrensi injection fluid, company blood oncology treatment.bd
The layout of the multi-dimensional pipeline was further developed; in April, the subsidiary, China East, received 70 per cent of the South Agro-Pharmacist stock of no more than 265 million yuan, further improving the layout of the industrial micro-organisms industry.
Investment proposals: The company is a large-scale, integrated medicine that combines the development, production and distribution of medicines. Business is sound and looks forward to the future of industrial micro-organisms and medical and aesthetics.
A robust, innovative transformation provides room for imagination in the medium- and long-term development of the company. We anticipate the risks expected by the company, the pace of product registration is not as fast as expected. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.