Business architecture optimization drives steady growth, Lilalu Pinocchio-like, 14th of 2023.
According to the industry, during the reporting period, the company’s pharmaceutical business section achieved income of $25,707 million, an increase of 6.21 per cent over the same period; and the pharmaceutical manufacturing sector achieved revenue of $11,666 million, an increase over the same period.
Rapid growth provides a new dynamic for corporate business growth. With regard to the Māori rate, the gross interest rate of the company during the reporting period was 31.90%, an increase of 1.22 pct over the previous year; higher Māori rates in pharmaceutical commerce, pharmaceutical manufacturing and medicine, as well as higher Māori income ratios for the medical plate, driving the company as a whole.
In the case of overseas medical and US operations, which have been profitable for the first time, the commercialization of domestic medical and American products has accelerated. For the first time in the reporting period, the subsidiary Sinclair has been profitable for the first time since the acquisition, bringing about a combined operating income of about 1,144 million yuan, an increase of 76.90 per cent.
Among them, core injecting products became the main driving force behind the growth of medical and American business abroad, and mailed by Sinclair in February of that year, the acquisition of shares in the United States company Viora, the company ' s medical and innovation product.
In domestic medicine and America, during the reporting period, Xinqiao Mei earned $626 million in operating income, and in addition to Yeon-yun’s continued leadership of the market, domestic and international registration and commercialization of core medical and aesthetic products have accelerated.
A commercial cooperation between the United States and the United States of America, the préimedermafacial is scheduled to be listed in China in 2023, and “reaction” has been completed in 2022.
q2 is planned to be marketed in the country in 2023; the langumav and x types were approved in December 2022 in the city of Hainan Boly. As the company's ebd products are on the market, injecting-type products are on the market, the country's clinical progress is steady, and the company's beauty plate layout is expected to be enriched and the company's beauty plate will be enriched.
During the reporting period, the company ' s pharmaceutical industry invested 2,681 million yuan in research and development, an increase of 44.8 per cent over the same period, of which 1,196 million yuan was spent on direct research and development, an increase of 24.2 per cent over the same period.
At present, the company is in the process of developing innovative medicines and bio-like drugs, 52 items, of which 5 are in the clinical phase of ii and 3 are in the clinical phase of ii. In the oncology field, the company, in collaboration with the United States of America, developed adc drugs for ovarian cancer.
In the area of endocrine, the company Lilalupu's mellitus is the first to be approved in the country, and its dietary adaptive industry is expected to be approved during the year, taking the country's weight off.
In the long run, the company built a full and differentiated product pipeline around the glp-1 target, and as research and development progressed, the company's internal leaders in the field of endocrine, we looked at the company's continued performance in the field of medicine and beauty, and the production of endocrine diseases and tumours.
The company's main business is divided The Chinese securities medicine team, which covers the entire medical plate, and after many years of sedimentation, has developed a more sophisticated system of research and analysis, which has the characteristics of a wide range of coverage, unique insights, and many different families, and will not have any direct or indirect relevance to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.