Chemical agents/chemicals/pharmaceuticals have performed steadily, medicine has been growing again, medicine is still bright, the company as a whole has performed well, and the strategic transformation has been effective. In 2022, multiple factors, both internal and external, were significant.
As a result of the shock, the company gradually recovered its growth trend, rising by 10.10 per cent over the same period by billions of yuan, out of the gloom of harvesting and price reduction. In 2022, q1-q4 q1-q4 received, respectively, a steady increase in innovative R & D pipelines and in R & D inputs. In 2022, at the heart of the pharmaceutical industry.
The business trends of the subsidiary China-China-China-East continued to stabilize, with business targets shifting from initial decline to recovery growth, with sales earnings (including cso operations) of 11,244 million yuan a year-on-year increase of 10.88 per cent, net profit deductions of 2,093 million yuan a year-on-year increase of 4.71 per cent and net asset return (roe)
24.54%. Corporate innovation is continuously enriched through autonomous innovation plus cooperative development plus external introduction R & D pipelines, which received two global innovations in February 2022 in the field of kiniksa ' s own immunization, arcalist and mavrilimumab in 24 Asia-Pacific countries, including China, Korea and Australia.
exclusive permission from the region (excluding Japan); two pieces of heidelbergpharma in September in the development of Hdp-101, hdp-103 in 20 Asian countries in mainland China and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, and the Great Wall Property Building of China in House No. 2
Regional exclusive licensing; in the area of endocrine, the company ' s autonomous development and global intellectual property rights of 1 type of diabetic 1 innovative drug hdm1002 (small molecule glp-1 receptor agonist), which has been successfully completed in the US-China double paper. The company attaches great importance to innovation research and development and maintains a high proportion of research and development inputs, 2022
The annual pharmaceutical industry R & D investment of 2,681 million yuan, an increase of 44.8 per cent over the previous year, of which direct R & D expenditure 1. Corporate research: Chinese medicine (000963) will mark several important milestones in 2023. In March 2023, the company’s first biopharmaceutical Lira
2. Annual Report Review: Washington Medicines (000963), Lupin Injected Diabetes Adaptive Disorders, first produced in the country, are also improving on a quarterly basis in terms of operational performance and medical standards
In the normal review process, approval is expected in the course of the year and the overseas authorization for double-disease has been successfully achieved; the introduction from Kiniksa of arcallysté as a clinical emergency for new medicines outside the country has been included in the priority review of the strains list, which will be submitted this year with a bla application; and the treatment of platinum-resistant eggs developed in collaboration with immunogen
The world's first drug, elahereTM, for nest cancer, was the only one approved by fda in 2022, and the company planned to submit bla in the country in the second half of 2023; and the Usnaw antibiotic similar drug, Hdm3001, developed in collaboration with the Cataract, was used to treat the median weight of adults.
In the third quarter of this year, applications for bla were planned; the Maveardoni film for the treatment of late non-small cell lung cancer has now completed the integration of the iii clinical subjects into the group and is expected to receive the ii studies pfs in the second quarter of this year.
At present, the company has stored 52 items in the project for the development of innovative medicines and bio-like drugs, of which 5 products are in the clinical stage of the iii phase, 3 products are in the crèche stage of the ii, covering neoplasms, endocrines and self-immunisation, effectively guaranteeing continuous innovation.
In 2022, the company’s Medical College achieved operating income of $1.915 billion (excluding internal offsets), with both domestic and foreign medical and American operations generating the highest income ever.
Level; 91.11% increase in comparable calibres (excluded from Toningbo). Overseas, the wholly-owned subsidiary, Sinclair, has achieved the best business performance in history and combined operating income of £13,457 million (approximately RMB 1,144 million), an increase of 76.90% for ebitda.
Sexually profitable; among them, the sale of llansés has been on the market for many years, the income from the maili series has increased by 190% over the same period, and the income from the lanluma has increased by 44% over the same period. On the domestic front, full capital, the company Xin Xiaomei has achieved operating income of $626 million, and the core product llansé  Yyan .
The company continues to accelerate its domestic and international registration and commercialization of core medical and aesthetic products by introducing energy-source equipment from the exclusive Irish emaesthetics – a multifunctional skin management platform.
Prémedermafacial, commercialized in September 2022 in major global medical and American markets, including in Europe and the United States, and is scheduled to be marketed in China this year; the Lanlumav and x models were released in December 2022 in Hainan City; and mailedtreme and X in January 2023.
At present, the company has 36 items of “MicroCreate Plus Nothing” medical excellence, of which 24 are already on the market at home and abroad, and is working on 12 items of global innovation.
The cluster of integrated products, the number and coverage of which are among the top sectors of the industry, has been formed in the non-surgery mainstream areas of health care, such as portfolio coverage and body filling, encrypting, skin management, body plastics, hairdressing, private restoration, etc.
In 2022, the company continued its industrial microbiology development strategy, establishing five main directions for innovative drugs (nucleic acid and &adc drugs), pharmaceuticals & intermediates, health & medically fine materials, pet protections and distinctive biological materials, all of which have been achieved throughout the year.
Revenue from sales was $510 million, an increase of 22%. In May 2022, the controlling subsidiary Xinda invested in the creation of fully-owned organisms; the biogenesis development series using synthetic biology techniques Industrial catalytic enzymes and related biocatalysing downstream products have formed enzyme design-evolving-bacterial construction.
In August 2022, the company completed its merger and purchase of Hua-In-Technology, implementing the company's industrial microbiology innovation in the direction of small nucleic acid drugs and vd.
In terms of engineering, the industrial micro-organisms of the company completed the technical adaptation of the Meowa High School phase, initiated the work of the Maggie Health Phase, the production line for the 9-yang bio-infection products and the construction of a pharmaceutical farm for highly active raw materials, and promoted the landing of the product pipelines in various fields.
In the field of goods, more than 130 projects have been developed, mainly 17 (with sub-items 71) for innovative raw materials such as xrna and adc, 30 for pharmaceutical raw materials and intermediates, and 18 for health and aesthetics, animal health, biological materials and others.
In 2022, the company’s pharmaceutical business achieved business income of $25,553 million, an increase of 10.55 per cent over the previous year, and a net profit of $397 million.
This represents an increase of 3.85% over the same period. The company ' s pharmaceutical business has been growing steadily through three initiatives: 1) Deep-farming traditional operations, while consolidating the complex while actively laying out the outside; 2) Actively nurturing innovative operations and increasing profitability; 3) Reducing efficiency gains, monitoring compliance and improving operational performance.
The pharmaceutical business sector is growing steadily, the pharmaceutical industry is returning to a steady pace, and the field of innovation is about to meet a number of important milestones, with deep industrial micro-organisms, high-speed development of medical and aesthetic operations, fast-moving products, and we maintain our “buy-in” rating.
(a) Medical policy risks, research and development of new medicines, market entry less than expected, and product price reduction risks, as defined in the six-month period following the reporting date, by the increase or decline of securities relative to the market benchmark index, as follows:
Watch: Industry goes beyond overall market performance;