China East Medicines (000963.sz) Annual Review 2022: A steady development of the medicine plate, the construction of a new growth pole in medical and aesthetic operations Events: Companies published their annual 2022 report, generating revenue of 37.715 billion yuan/yoy+9.12 per cent and net return to the mother
>Pharmacology has been growing steadily, and medical and US businesses have built up new growth poles. Business/manufacturing/medical and US businesses have each achieved income > National Medical and American businesses: in 122, young girls' needles have performed, and growth is expected to continue in 23 years, with Eyeon achieving operating income of 626 million yuan/vov+238% in 2022, and, by the end of February, Xinqiaomei has signed a contract.
More than 500 hospitals have been built, and more than 1,100 certified doctors have been trained. 23 years of high demand for medical terminals, folding, practice number: s5005221001 plus high heat for regenerative products, and Eyeon-Seon is expected to increase at a sustained rate. 2ebd products are on the market.
In 22q1, the cool snow gracialspa is listed in the country, it is now commercialized with 40 + U.S. agencies in the country, and it may be expanding for 23 years; reaction has been changed in 22 years, and it is planned that the energy source equipment will continue to be marketed in the country to improve the organization of the company's medical and aesthetic operations.
At the end of 22 years, the lanlumav and x have been approved in the city of Hainan Bolai, while the company has actively promoted applications from Silhouette and Eyeon-seok products to operate in the city of Hainan Boong Lei, which, under the corresponding policy preferences, is either overseas.
The product entered the first stop in the country; clinically, the mailiextreme and Eyeon Shem were successfully completed in 23q1.
Synergy. Sinclair achieved business income of about RMB 1,144 million/yoy+76.90%, and Sinclair achieved annual operating profits for the first time since the company was acquired, of which maili/lanluma products were sold +190/+44%, respectively, with a high rate of growth. ebd operations, completed for the Inter-American market after Sinclair acquired viora in February 22
Expanding, or will continue to be deployed in the EU and Asia and the Pacific, re-enhanced ebd with injectable diabetics has been approved for marketing and subsequent dietary adaptation. Lilarupine injects liquid glucose urine, which was marketed in March 23, and is the country’s first product, and the dietary adaptation is also under normal review.
It is expected to be approved in the course of the year and take the lead in taking over the country’s share of the market. > Profit predictions and investment ratings: 23 years into the “right circle” of medical beauty, looking forward to the continued growth of Yeon-seok with strong brand power, which is expected to become a billion-grade single item; the first dietary adaptive product, Lilalu Pin, is expected to be approved at q3.
• Risk factors: less than expected clinical progress in research and development, less than expected market diffusion and increased competition for medical and aesthetic products.
In 2022, I joined the Sinda Securities as research and development team.
Deputy General Manager of Hearts. 2nd in 2021 in new wealth zeros, 1st in crystal ball uniforms/retail 1st, joined the Employing Securities Social Services Group after graduation in July of the new year, and joined the new Sinda Consumers Group in November 2022, covering mainly cosmetics, medical beauty, and social services.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Arts in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics Southwest, November 2022, joined the new Sinda consumer group.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.