The potential for medium-term growth is still affected by fluctuations in sales and corporate performance is largely due to: (i) profit from core clients plus
A significant reduction in general-purpose sales: (2) more pressure on prices, such as shock-reducing interiors. q3 less, as downstream demand stabilizes. Deepening new customer potential is expected to become a new engine of growth.
At the same time, companies are digging deep into the supply systems of new customers: (1) generic global orders are available from 2019, with a life cycle of six years; (2) they are expected to cut in.
Total equity/flow (millions) Sla-nationalized supply system, with additional contributions to be expected; (3) follow Gilly out, total market value/flow (millions)
The future will grow with gypsy growth, without fear of a short-term break-up in the industry. Product types are expanding, with potential for future growth. Companies are high-quality concussions and isolations.
Sound providers, with industry leadership, have a solid customer base. On the basis of the original evaluation: moving through the valley to recover, actively storing products, developing light-quantified and electrodynamic new products, storing electronic vacuum pumps, etc.
New Preparations - 2019/08/21 ibooster, with more aluminium alloy product-rich product lines in light Quantum, in line with industry Top Group (601689) [Pacific Car]
The Topper Group annual report reports an assessment that the downside of the city has led to a slightly lower than expected performance, and that the new layout has been continuously growing in a forward-looking way in the steady expansion of traditional business and in light quantification and electrodynamicization.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report