The Tuxun Group's three-quarterly report shows a decline of $127 million, or 29.7 per cent, and $117 million, or $117 million, from the non-repatriation of the mother.
Net profits are growing at a lower rate than industry sales, but the ring ratio is improving significantly compared to q2 performance at a faster rate than by 59%. We believe that industry sales are under pressure, downstream customers pass pressure upstream, spare parts companies generally fall by more than a year, and the impact of depreciation on corporate fixed assets is superimposed, resulting in short-term performance pressure, but q3-q4 performance is gradual.
The decrease in the utilization rate will lead to a significant increase in the cost of manufacturing, with q2 judged to be a low capacity utilization point for the company, and q3 to have an improvement in the production capacity utilization ring. The insurance premium for the passenger vehicle in September fell by 7.4% as compared to the previous overdraft, and the end sales in October are expected to be reduced to zero or positive, with company q4 revenue.
Positive growth is expected, with an improvement in the productivity utilization rate leading to a recovery in the Māori rate and an improvement in the level of profitability. Management cost controls are clear, and profitability has recovered.
In terms of cost, q3 management costs decreased by 8.5% from year to year, sales costs increased by 6% from year to year, R & D costs increased by 9.1% from year to year, and sales costs increased by 9.1% from country to year, and the model3 production is expected to contribute $600 million to the company in 2020.
The construction was completed, and the official opening of the national product model3 was scheduled for October 25, and payment began in 2020 at q1. Model3 sold in the United States far above the same level of bba competition, and we believe that after the birth of the country, the model3 sales are expected to reach 10,000 months.
Model3 vehicle attachments, valued at over $5,000, are expected to contribute more than $600 million in revenue to the company in 2020, with greater elasticity in performance.
Wang Ying, a Master's degree from Northwestern Industrial University, was appointed to a popular post in East Hing, and the future will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinions in this report do not constitute the purchase of the said securities.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.