Topper Group (601689): Market share is small. Topper Group is based on auto parts, including shock relief, isolation.
The company’s main clients are Jili Motors, General Everything.
Balls (including joint venture companies), Biade, Tesla and Vol, with a profit of $340 million, a significant decline of 45.3 per cent over the same period, of which the third quarter net profit of $127 million is due to the mother, Vaud, etc.
The share of the domestic market is clearly running downstream in autonomous parts and components enterprises, and the company’s share in the market is assumed to rise. The Tuppet Group’s share of revenue fell by 3.9% in the third quarter, which is significantly better than in the first half of the year.
In view of the annual drop, the total sales of Top Group products are about 8% higher than in the downstream, and the market share rises against the market. We believe that the main reason for the increase in Tupou market share is the increase in Tupou’s share.
This includes: 1) Aluminium alloy chassis parts are leading in autonomous parts and components; 2) product lines are gradually ripe, and the chassis is starting to work together with seismic, aluminium alloy and steel products. With Tesla, it is hoped that more projects will be targeted.
As a Tesla mature supplier, Price has the advantage of matching experience, location, and cost on zero items such as aluminum alloyed plates, steel-based plates, and shock-resilient liners.
Figure 1: Tupou Group revenue and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 2: Tupou Group net profit return and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 3: TPP Maori rate and net interest rate
Figure 4: The ability of the Topper Group to operate, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
Liu Yiming, research assistant.
B.A., University of Cinghua, Master of Arts, University of Dartmouth, USA, cfa holder, seven years of research and development and management experience in the auto parts and components industry, both domestic and foreign. Joined East Hing Securities in 2018, doing auto research.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.