Equity incentives for employees and distributors to sell low-voltage electrical appliances for the post-cycle recovery of photovoltaic power plants.
On 29th of the day, the Jung-tae Group transferred some of its holdings of public shares through the Shanghai Stock Exchange's bulk trading system to the State-Countain Asset Management Scheme.
At this transaction, the group transferred the shares of the company it held in the amount of $24 million, with an average cost of $22.47 million, for a total amount of $543 million.
The corporate low-pressure electronics dealer, a company that has been in stock for over 200 hardcore stock purchases in 17 years, has managed the incentives from the group, the listed company, the distributors, to work together.
The company announced in early January that it would sell 9 photovoltaic stations to ZG for $539 million, while it signed a financial services agreement with the real estate company of Jeonghai Group. The company's objective was to seize the station's assets and pay in advance.
This sale of photovoltaic power plants is a win-win situation. The company has a demand for power stations under quota systems, taking advantage of the energy conglomerates in terms of transmission and trade in electricity, applying for West-East power transfer policy support to improve the West-West photovoltaic power supply.
In the future, there will also be longer-term cooperation between positive-Thai and Zulu groups, each of which will have an advantage in the reform of the electricity system and the improvement of power restrictions. From a positive-Thai perspective, 1.3 Quarterly depth reviews: low-voltage appliances.
So the price of the transfer (40mw, 539 million US dollars sustained recovery, plus the expansion of the photovoltaic station) is only about ten percent of the total assets, and the cost of converting back to the power station is $8-9/w.
In 2018, the net profit was about 290 million yuan, of which 1-120 million were equity premiums for the sale of power plants, 1.7-2. Upstream downstream recovery at the operational level, 180 million were unacknowledged profits from products such as upstream components.
At the top, globalization, M & A integration, intellectual qualities, some of the legacy of land use, and severe power restrictions, have a positive effect on serenity.
This agreement will reduce future financing costs, and we measure 16 years of real-thai appliance interest rates.
6.3 points (416 million in financial costs and 6.59 billion in 16 years of borrowing). The real-estate finance firm, on the one hand, settles the balance of loans held by listed companies and, on the other hand, reduces the interest rate on financing by listed companies.
Low-voltage appliances are used as support devices for measuring and monitoring. The main function of low-voltage appliances is the switch below 1 kv, the main function of which is that "it jumps accurately and quickly when it comes to jumping and not when it comes to jumping." Low-voltage appliances are widely found in various settings requiring electricity, such as real estate, manufacturing and infrastructure, but they are not part of the grid investment, and applications of low-voltage appliances are often located in red wires, i.e. in real-estate developers and industrial power companies.
Investments in low-pressure appliances are similar to those in industrial control and are mainly based on downstream trends. First, sales and prices are almost untraceable in terms of volume prices, non-homogenous products do not have a uniform unit or a uniform selling price, and second downstream is fragmented, with industrial controls spread across manufacturing industries.
Low-pressure appliances have a few more real estate and capital projects than industrial controls; finally, more investment is seen, and this trend is more macro-capacity trends, with investments in premises and manufacturing capacity often providing good certainty for low-pressure appliances and industrial control of these post-cycle varieties, and low-pressure appliances tend to be left behind after construction work and before equipment enters the field.
The traditional low-voltage electrical cycle is synchronized with domestic electricity, such as air conditioning, which lags over three quarters of real estate investment. We compare a number of types of post-life industries, including air conditioning sales, cement sales, furniture manufacturing, and low-voltage appliances, of which there are no official statistics.
The following graph shows that low-pressure appliances and air-conditioning are the most closely related, largely lagging three quarters of real-estate investments, 10 q2, 10 years of high real-estate investments, and 11 years of q3 tops for air conditioners and low-pressure appliances. Cement represents the most similar building materials.
Stepping on real estate investment: the furniture industry lags further, in about a year. At the same time, we see that real estate is basically moving in its first form, so the low-pressure electrical landscape is now largely locked up to 18 q3. Real estate policy at the end of the 17th year is over-expected, and we believe that the post-life cycle of real estate and low-pressure appliances, for example, is sustained.
Given the competitive pattern, joint brands dominate high-end markets, high sales prices, low market size, and low national production; the three-line variety is large, low prices, but low, but between 35 and 40%. The industry as a whole is very profitable, and the main reason for high Maori is, in our view, the pattern of competition.
As a result, the phenomenon is more evident in many sectors, such as industrial control, which sustains a high Māori rate in the long run; counter-optimal power equipment, full national production, which continues to decline, and the price battles of the country’s own product brands will never end; unless a leader emerges, re-placing the Māori rate and profit margin at a higher price than the other competitive players in the market.
Oral substitution must have broken the pattern at the expense of Maori rates, at the expense of current profits in exchange for future high rates and pricing rights. The low-pressure appliance industry is now relatively stable, with Schneider acquiring Delixi (primarily acquisition channels and tagging) after his lawsuits in 2009 – now forming a stable pattern of two giants, with joint-venture brands and domestic brands competing mainly in second-line markets – the technology difference is no longer apparent, and the main difference is still a product.
Price premiums, especially for construction or engineering involving citizens, the owner is exempt from any consideration of more high-end products, such as China, which is building in Beijing, where 100 million orders for a building have been given to Schneider. The process of import substitution has slowed down in the general recovery of the industry.
It's the last line of defense. The pattern of competition mentioned above has led to a high Māori rate, as well as a high Māori rate, which has also brought agents who provide more cushioning and transportation services in the industrial chain, bringing a strong cash flow to the low-pressure electrical industry.
Three billion degrees of electricity, profit power around 800 million, with distributed power stations accounting for about 30 per cent, and centralized power plants being constantly invested and sold, with the overall volume still steady. On the other hand, we think that the elasticity of the components is the greatest, that the traditional multi-crystal silicon components have performed poorly in 17 years, that the volume of shipments close to 1.5gw exceeds 4 billion, that the net profit is just over 100 million, that the net interest rate is 2-3 per cent, and that we expect to spend more than 18 years at home.
In the overall context of the upgrading, the net profit margin is expected to increase rapidly, with overall performance elasticity ranging from 200 to 300 million, depending on the rate of expansion of the household-based industry.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain a 17-year profit forecast, with a further increase in profits based on the logic of selling power plants to confirm the current investment return of $290 million.