A significant increase in the volume of plastics produced by the information technology semiconductor and semiconductor equipment and a year-round optimism
Over the same period of the year, 11,256 per cent increased; net non-profits of $144 million were deducted from shareholders in listed companies,1 and the foreign market triggered an increase in the volume of overseas loadings during the first quarter. According to customs export data, total domestic component exports amounted to 15gw in January-March 2019, a year-on-year increase.
70%, in March, exports exceeded 6gw in a single month. Under the 18-year “531” policy, the domestic photovoltaic industry increased and fell. According to the National Energy Agency, in 2018, new domestic loadings were sold at 198 million m2 of photo-voltage tape, an increase of 47.8% over the same period in the previous year.
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) The gradual increase in the share of acetylene membrane has led to an increase in the average sale price of a film.
In addition, the proceeds from the disposal of assets increased by $69,221.4 million over the same period in the previous year, mainly as a result of the receipt in the current period of compensation for the demolition and relocation of the P3 plant area (Village West) and the disposal of land and land attachments in the P3 plant area (Vill West).
The company will expand its product structure by 250 million, 200 million whites and 20 million whites, respectively. The new product will increase the efficiency of the components, and the anti-aging performance is better than the general product.
After that, the share of high-performance products will rise from 10% to 40%, further consolidating the company’s film taps, and the new materials projects are progressing well. With strong R & D and implementation capacity, the company’s new materials project (which began at the beginning of the 16th year) is progressing well.
Aluminium plastic films have been sold to 3c customers in small quantities. fccl is now also being tested for samples.
The stock of the film has increased significantly, and the year-round output has remained optimistic, and the company is the leading company in the photovolveva market, which will continue to be consolidated with the release of new products. The new materials are going well and promising. The company is expected to be real in 2019-2021.
I've seen a huge increase in the volume of film products, year-round optimism, year-round growth in the volume of film products, year-round optimism in the number of products.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.