30 miles of deep-farming industry, with a strong national production of hydraulic taps, a steady-up hydraulic (601,100) depth report, and a research assistant, Xie Shauwei.
This year, more than 50% of new local government bonds were invested in capital. From a fixed-asset investment perspective, capital investment has continued to improve.
And real estate investment is still under pressure, and we think that real estate investment will lag behind capital investment, and that real estate investment is expected to rise in the second half of the year as real estate policy eases. With both capital and real estate booms, the demand for engineering and machinery is expected to increase and drive the industry.
The company, as the lead firm for upstream parts of engineering machinery, will benefit from increased demand from downstream industries, with improved performance expected in the second half of the year. Competition patterns in the industry are relatively concentrated, and differences in export and import volumes are reduced.
But the rapid growth of the market size has become one of the major markets for global hydraulic products, which has contributed significantly to the global hydraulic industry. In terms of competitive patterns in the sector, the hydraulic sector is dominated by foreign firms, with a market share of 42.3% for cr4, a market share of 49.8% for cr8, and a competition for industry.
The problem of hydraulic systems’ dependence on imports remains acute, and domestic high-end market patterns cannot be broken for the time being, and domestic production has not yet been replaced, but the differences between imports and exports have gradually narrowed. Six months later, the downwind climate has recovered, and demand for engineering machinery has increased, and it is hoped that the growth of corporate orders will be boosted.
Investment proposal: We believe that downstream excavators will move after the season and that corporate orders are expected to increase in the second half of the year in the face of a countercyclical upward trend. 2022h1 has increased to varying degrees in the non-digger engineering field and in the non-engineering domain, with infrastructure projects increasing in the second half of the year and non-digger engineering requirements.
(1) If capital/real estate investment falls short of the expected risks; (2) specialized debt is issued 1. Over the years, diversified products have been developed in multiple fields, 1.1 deep farming for 30 years, forming a global integrated enterprise.
After 30 years of deep farming in the industry, the company developed from hydraulic tank manufacturing into a single enterprise in the form of concentrated hydraulic components, precision castings, aerodynamic components, hydraulic systems, etc.
In order to implement the strategic layout of the global market, the company has acquired branded companies such as Shanghai New Hydraulic Pressure, Germany ' s Haweinline Hydraulic Pressure, and Japanese apparel superbs, which have successfully moved into the global high-end hydraulic component area.
In many industries, such as tunnel machinery and industrial manufacturing, technology and production are at the forefront of the world's hydraulic field. To promote the rapid growth of overseas operations, companies are constantly raising the responsiveness and brand image of regional services, setting up Japan, the United States, India, and improving the network of marketing services in overseas areas, building up the formation of China, the United States, Germany, Japan.
For the distribution of manufacturing and marketing networks, more than 20 countries and territories have been exposed to radiation, providing an efficient physical service to more than 2,000 top customers around the world. Companies will also continuously upgrade their core competitive edges, working to provide high-efficiency hydraulic resolution to customers. Corporate equity is concentrated, with Mr. Wang Liping, who actually controls the person and the final beneficiary.
The chairman of the company, Wang Li Ping, and his co-operator Wang Chi hold 51% and 49% of Changzhou Smart Equipment Limited, respectively, and 37.96% of the company's shareholdings. Wang Li Ping holds 13.65% of the company indirectly through 90.74% of the Ningbo Hing Investment Corporation.
In addition, the Wang Liping Uniting Actioner paid new attention to the direct and indirect control of Shinno technology and the indirect ownership of 16.94 per cent of the company ' s shares by establishing 100 per cent control over ruiyuanmanage through the establishment of aweixitrust.
From the beginning of 1990, the company set up gas-driven components such as the production of gas engines, and successfully developed sanitation vehicles and water tanks for port machinery for two years, in the area of primary hydraulic fluids. From 1996 to 2005, the company successfully developed a special tank for excavators, and set up a tank factory in Changzhou. Over the next 10 years, the company successfully developed a shielded tank for propulsion, in Changzhou.
Wujin built a global tank-scale production base, set up a high-precision foundry plant to provide a base for the development of core pump valves for engineering machinery, invested in the creation of subsidiaries to produce high-pressure column-plugs, multi-road valves, motors, industrial valves, and hydraulic systems. At the same time, companies acquired key technologies to improve their research and development skills.
Currently, the company ' s products are divided into six main categories: hydraulic tanks, hydraulic pumps, motors, hydraulic valves, hydraulic system integration, high-precision castings, valve castings, pump castings, tank components, gradual orbits.
High-precision casting Company products cover six main areas, including walking machinery, agricultural machinery, industrial engineering, marine engineering, energy technology, tunnel engineering. From a disaggregated area, company products are applied to 16 sub-areas: 1) excavators, high altitude
Walking machinery such as operational vehicles; 2) agricultural machinery such as maize machines, green receptacles; 3) industrial engineering areas covering five disaggregated areas such as metallurgy, water, respiratorry: 4) marine engineering areas covering seawork equipment, marine operating platforms, port machinery: 5) energy science and technology areas covering new energy equipment for electricity generation, such as oil and gas extraction, wind power and solar energy: 6)
With the company’s research and development technology, product quality and value for money, and its visibility, the company’s high-quality clients are growing. The company’s special tank of excavators covers well-known customers such as Caterpillar, Trinity, Xu Engineering, and others.
Among the customers of the non-barrelled tanks are iron and iron construction, medium iron equipment, Xiaozong, etc.; the famous brand of the high-altitude operating platform Zhejiang Dynasty, etc.; the new energy equipment company Gomi, Vistas; and the marine engineering domain customers ttts, national oil wells, and McKegar. Other products include companies known as Haician International, Io Mystery, etc.
The annual hydraulic tank collection rate is 55.72 per cent, a decrease of 1.53 per cent. The annual hydraulic pump valve operations rate is 7.27 per cent and the annual hydraulic tank rate 2.11 per cent, respectively. The hydraulic industry is a technology-intensive industry with high entry barriers, including markets, talent, size of capital, products.
1) Market barriers: Hydraulic components are essential for the performance and quality of the hydraulic host, and downstream manufacturers have stricter requirements for the performance, reliability, and stability of the product.
The selection is considered prudent, and each manufacturer has its own set of certification procedures and management systems for suppliers, which are usually selected among suppliers with better creditworthiness in the industry. For new entrants, it is more difficult to access the directory of suppliers of large, well-known whole-time manufacturers, as it is difficult to establish a better list of suppliers in a short period of time.
There are certain market barriers to the hydraulic sector because of the difficulty of competing with well-known brands in the development and renewal of new products. (2) Talent barriers: hydraulic products require specialization in R & D, production, marketing and post-sale maintenance.
Enterprises need a research and development team with a wealth of practical experience to ensure the sustainability and innovation of public research and development technologies. As times evolve, downstream customers’ demands for hydraulic products have increased, and industry demand for skilled people has increased, with well-known firms working with universities and themselves.
In the short term, it will be difficult for new entrants to build a pool of skilled talent and to stabilize their development. 3) Financial scale barriers: the production of hydraulic products requires larger fixed-asset investments, except for producers.
In addition to the equipment required for pre-production research and development, the equipment needed for processing, testing equipment, etc. In addition, the rising cost of labour is a challenge for enterprises.
At the same time, high and low equipment deployments will have a significant impact on the productivity, productivity, profitability, profitability, and market competitiveness of the public sector. For new entrants, barriers to scale are high.
4) Barriers to the R & D, design and manufacture of products: Hydraulic products require specialized personnel for R & D, design, manufacturing, testing, etc., long R & D cycles and complex production processes.
It requires highly matching and sophisticated R & D designs based on the needs of downstream clients before it can be tested. It is a process that encompasses a great deal of experience in material development, structural design, performance design, etc. Technology such as performance testing, wear and tear testing, environmental testing, etc., is also well known after the completion of the test.
Companies’ exports to developed countries and regions, such as Europe and America, Japan, have accumulated high-quality customers in the industry. There is a higher market for excavators, high-altitude platforms, shields, marine and marine industries, new energy equipment, industrial equipment, etc.
A large number of high-quality client groups create a more visible pre-emptive advantage for companies, creating stronger entry barriers for new competitors, and providing continuity in their ability to perform and grow steadily. In terms of technology research and development, companies have special hydraulic pressure in Berlin, Germany, Chicago, China, Shanghai, and Changzhou.
The company hires experts in the field of hydraulics from Germany, Japan, and the United States to form hydraulic research and development teams together with experts from the domestic hydraulic industry. The company’s research and development and manufacturing teams are strong and form a technological system of autonomous intellectual property rights with multi-products, with core technologies such as high-precision hydraulic casting, friction welding, etc.
The company uses technological innovation as a nuclear competitiveness, conducts ongoing research on new products and new processes at the cutting edge of applied technologies and industries, and continues to develop and manufacture competitive and competitive hydraulic products.
In 2021, the company’s work on science, technology and innovation achieved significant results, participating in the collaboration of the national engineering machinery’s leading triads and undertaking projects such as the national priority research and development program. In the same year, the company won the Chinese patent award for excellence, the Changzhou City patent, and so on. By the end of 2021, the company had 445 valid patents, 11 of which were foreign inventions and the domestic patent.
Invent 57 patents. 2. Increased demand for downstream engineering machinery is expected to boost the growth of corporate orders by 2.1 steady growth contributing to a return in the capital sector and a marginal improvement in the real estate sector.
In the first half of the year, the issuance of new special-purpose debt by local governments was slow, mainly through sound financial management and avoidance of idle bond funds. In the second half of the year, the country accelerated the issuance of special-purpose debt, with a cumulative release of 25.7 million new special-purpose debt in July-December.
In the context of the overall tone, appropriate pre-capital investments will accelerate the issuance of special-purpose debt, with additional special-purpose bonds in 2022 largely released, and additional special-purpose debt funds expected to be used in August. We believe that additional general-purpose bonds will also be released in August-September, which will further boost the start-up rate of capital projects.
The country’s new government bonds are financed in eight main directions, and capital-type investments include municipal construction and industrial park infrastructure, transport infrastructure, agro-forestry, energy, and urban-rural cold-chain infrastructure. According to data from the Ministry of Finance, the total amount of new government bonds invested in infrastructure projects in 2021 was $249 trillion, or 55.71 per cent in 2022.
Rationale, a decline in fixed asset investments is a normal investment logic, with no impact on the same year. We believe that, as the epidemic normalizes, the impact factor diminishes, and capital fixed asset investments tend to increase steadily.
According to China ' s construction announcement, new contracts for infrastructure operations in the first half of 2022 were 51.8 billion yuan, an increase of 31.3 per cent over the same period. China ' s iron and iron published a data bulletin for the second quarter of 2022, with 1,766 new signatures for the 2022q2 capital projects, amounting to 49,134 billion yuan: in June, the cumulative number of new contracts was 3,357 and new contracts amounting to 103,479 million yuan.
In the context of modest, super-intensity infrastructure investment, the start-up rate of engineering machinery and the average volume of operation have continued to grow in the first half of the year, as the number of infrastructure projects in the country ' s provinces has gradually increased. In July, the rate of start-up of car cranes, excavators, pumps, stand-downs was over 60%, and the rate of start-up of vehicle cranes was 80.86%, a record high.
In July, the rate of construction in 17 provinces of the country grew steadily, and in the provinces of Guangdong, Guangxi, and Fujian the rate of construction in one month exceeded 70%. At the same time, the rate of construction in the western provinces continued to accelerate, and in the provinces of Ningxia and others the rate of engineering and mechanical start-up continued to grow at the same rate.
In the real estate sector, steady growth was set in 2022, placing steady growth in a more prominent position, while real estate, which is the backbone of the national economy, is large, long-chained and wide-ranging and has important systemic implications for economic and financial stability and risk prevention. On March 16, the State Council ' s Committee on Financial Stability and Development convened a special session on the subject.
Monetary policy, real estate, and so on, has proposed a more market-friendly policy and a prudent policy of austerity: after the meeting, the central multisectoral approach has been to promote a healthy and stable real estate market. At the tone of steady growth, real estate policies are expected to be more marginal and the real estate market to warm.
Policies. At the end of the policy, these include lower downturn rates, lower interest rates on mortgages, subsidies on home purchases, untying of purchases, and a lower than average increase in long-term loans to households for eight months and, to a certain extent, a weaker demand for real estate. In July 2022, the country’s residents’ medium- and long-term loans amounted to $148.6 billion, a smaller increase.
We believe that data on real estate development investments, sales areas, etc., are still well under way, and that expectations of easing real estate policy are rising in a situation of weak supply and demand. In the future, industry data will change marginally as real estate policy becomes more relaxed.
Capital investment has continued to improve, while real estate investment is still under downward pressure from the point of view of fixed-asset investment.
We believe that real estate investment will lag behind capital investment, and that real estate investment is expected to rise in the second half of the year as real estate policy eases. With the boom in capital and real estate, demand for engineering is expected to increase.
The company, as the lead enterprise for upstream parts of engineering machinery, will benefit from an increase in downstream industry, with improved performance expected in the second half of the year.
The same rate of sales of excavators has been slowing since April 2021, as measured by the sales of downstream engineering machinery. The sales of excavators have been seasonally affected by historical data.
After the spring of 2022, there was a modest pre-existing, earmarked debt for capital projects and investments, but in late March, the epidemic spread across the country, wind control affected the start of projects, and overall market demand remained weak. Combined with the impact of the high base last year, the stock of excavators fell by 53.08% in March on a year-on-year basis.
The policy has gradually eased its strength, with a reinforced capital build-up expected to add to the epidemic control normality, increasing the sales of excavators by 3.42% in July; the internal sales by 24.97% in a four-month period. We believe that after the booming season, the volume of excavators will be higher than before, and that sales are expected to reverse the rising cycle.
In July 2022, the same rate of increase in the sale of engineering machinery remained positive or narrow. Products such as loaders, lifters, platforms, etc., increased at a positive rate in July, with sales of 8158 and 18877, respectively, increasing by 26.13 per cent and 3.80 per cent, respectively, respectively.
Figure 20: Monthly sales and acceleration of tracked cranes Figure 26: Monthly sales and acceleration of amortization machines
The driving principle of hydraulic systems is to convert the mechanical energy of the original motive into the hydraulic energy of the liquid by means of a driver and then to convert the pressure of the liquid to mechanical energy by means of an execution device, such as a pipe, hydraulic control and a regulator, driving the load to achieve a straight line or reverse motion.
As hydraulic product technology and production processes mature, downstream applications expand, and industries move towards relatively stable development. After the peak of the market size of the hydraulic industry in 2018, the epidemic affected the world economy in 2020, with annual market size rising to Euro30,682 million.
In terms of the market for products, China and the United States account for more than 60% of the global hydraulic market, accounting for 36.04% and 33.62% of sales, respectively. Although the country’s hydraulic technology started late, the market’s rapid growth has played an important role in driving the global hydraulic industry.
In terms of sales of products, the country has the highest sales of hydraulic products, with 45.75 per cent of sales, pumps, hydraulic motors, hydraulic valves, hydraulic systems and devices, with 15.47 per cent, 13.65 per cent, 13.09 per cent and 12.05 per cent respectively. The downstream applications in the domestic hydraulic industry are mainly engineering, with 40.5 per cent.
Mechanical and engineering vehicles accounted for 8.7 per cent, 8.6 per cent and 7.8 per cent respectively, and figure 31: China ' s sales of hydraulic products in 2020, figure 32: China ' s downstream applications in the hydraulic industry, 2019
With regard to the pattern of competition in the industry, the hydraulic sector is dominated by foreign firms, with the top 300 million yuan in sales by hydraulic enterprises in 2019 and 17.6 billion yuan, representing a market share of 19.7 per cent, 9.7 per cent and 7.2 per cent respectively. In the industry, the market share of cra4 was 42.3 per cent, the market share of cra8 was 49.8 per cent and the competitive pattern of industry was relatively concentrated;
In view of the size of the echelons, the industry’s first echelons are firmly located in Bo, Paik Han eunuch, and Eton. The Kawasaki Heavy Worker, Helium Hydraulic Pressure, Eddie Precision, etc. are in the second echelons, and the third is in the third echelons of other representative enterprises in the country.
Compared to global competitors, in 2021 Paik Hannij was ranked first among six companies in terms of per capita income generation and per capita income generation, with Bo and Eden ranked first. The profile confirms the competitive position of the current industry. In 2021, companies generated revenues of 1.6 million yuan per capita and 460,000 yuan per person, which were better than Japan's Kyb and Eddie's know-how.
At present, the problem of hydraulic system dependence on imports remains high, with imports of hydraulic products amounting to US$ 2,110 million and nearly 60-70% of imports in 2019-2021, respectively, and it has not yet been possible to break the domestic high-end market pattern and to replace domestic production. However, data show that the difference between imports and exports has gradually narrowed in 2021.
With industry growth and technological innovation in domestic firms, and the accumulation of demand from abroad and high value for money, the market share of high-quality enterprises in the hydraulic sector is expected to increase, and the national production replacement rate will increase. On the policy front, the state has enacted a number of policies to promote and regulate the development of the industry.
Under the guidance of a major effort to promote intelligent manufacturing, policies have been put in place throughout the country to facilitate the transformation of the industry into intelligence. 3.202h1 performance is under pressure, with 2022h2 orders expected to improve, compared with 25.65% below 25.65%, mainly affected by the downstream atmosphere, and production sales are blocked.
In 2021, the company experienced a high rate of innovation abroad, mainly in the company’s overseas market, with the product core becoming more competitive, high-valued plus overseas demand. In 2021, the share of overseas businesses increased by 13.26 per cent, compared with the previous year.
High result. In addition, the growth in corporate performance is driven by an increase in the share of other business markets. 2022h1 companies have achieved a certain impact, and companies have adjusted the price of their products accordingly, shifting the impact of rising costs to downstream enterprises, with an effective management rate of 2.44 per cent, a 0.11 pc decrease compared to the previous period, mainly to strengthen the day-to-day management of companies leading to sales, sales, and sales.
3.4 The ability to repay has been reduced in the first half of the year, but the ability to repay has remained relatively strong.The stock turnover rate and days of the company are roughly the same as that of the accounts receivable, and the stock week of 2021
The company ' s operating cash flows from 2017 to 2021 showed an upward trend, with an operating cash flow of 2,795 million yuan in 2021, an increase of 41.15 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a significant increase in corporate sales and timely return of sales. The 2022h1 operating cash flows amounted to $1,042 million, a decrease of 12.01 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of a decline in sales size.
Slow-down to low growth, mainly as a result of lower demand in downstream industries. We believe that, while firms are still expanding rapidly, the per capita indicator is slowing from a high to a high rate of growth, which can also be seen as a process in which firms move from an early stage to maturity.
The company has developed from hydraulic tank manufacturing into products covering high-pressure tanks, high-pressure cylindrical pumps, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic test stations and high-precision hydraulic castings.
From an industry perspective, the country’s steady growth in 2022, the acceleration in the issuance and use of special-purpose debt, the upward trend in investment in fixed assets, the growing number of capital projects, the gradual recovery of the industry’s climate, and the increased demand for downstream engineering machinery. The same increase in the sales of excavators in July was the first since April 2021.
From a firm’s perspective, companies are leading domestic hydraulic component firms, with clear advantages in branding effects, technology development, etc. With hydraulic tanks, excavators account for a higher share of the harvest, supplying them to the world’s dragons, Caterpillar, Triple, etc.
In the case of hydraulic pump valves, the company’s share of the market has increased to varying degrees, and is expected to increase continuously: in the case of non-digger engineering machinery, there is a clear domestic and export exposure of the high-altitude operating vehicle industry;
A number of products in the non-engineering and machinery field have already been produced in volume, and sales are expected to increase and boost corporate performance. The diversified distribution of the company’s products and improved product lines will continuously enhance the firm’s core competitiveness.
(b) Reduced export demand: reduced demand for domestic enterprise would result in lower demand for domestic enterprise products in overseas markets
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a diligent, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.