The year's performance was excellent, and the electronics of cars were developed.
(i) The continued abundance of the product matrix, the release of downstream orders, and higher corporate incomes. Volume, driven by rising incomes. In 2021, the company completed the development of new products such as air-decking systems, switch drives, switch tubes, and plans to actively develop automobile electronics in 2022.
The product matrix continues to be rich and is expected to support the increase in the value of the bicycles.
The company Rivian, Lacid and Fortunt Traditional Motors have worked together to advance the whole spectrum in the area of new energy vehicles, laying the foundation for the upgrading of the corporate sector. (ii) Māori rates are temporarily under pressure, such as higher prices for materials, and cost controls are excellent.
In 2021, the company achieved a net return of 1,017 million yuan, or +61.9 per cent, excluding the net return and digitalized plant development strategy, with a lasting cost reduction effect. (iii) The output profile has accelerated and internationalized at a robust pace.
The company’s 7200t integrated back-defoiled module production is expected to drop at a faster rate than expected, and a transferable debt is proposed to raise $2.5 billion in guaranteed light-quantified chassis business development, followed by revenue growth dynamic. The company is moving ahead in an orderly manner with the expansion of production capacity, the four-to-seven phases of the former Bay New Zone and the Chongqing plant contract.
The construction of 1,500 acres of land was completed in 2022, the construction of manufacturing plants and storage centres in countries such as the United States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil and the United States has advanced, and the Polish plant has started bulk production and internationalization is gaining momentum.
The corporate product matrix is rich, the technology and R & D levels associated with new energy packages are leading, new projects, new products, new production capabilities are advancing, close collaboration with major domestic and foreign firms, and subsequent revenue growth is strong. Companies are expected to return to their home countries in 2022-2024.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The Institute is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.