Tupou Group (601689.sh) to locate multi-product product lines with continuous performance zhoujunhong@guosen.com.cn
Precise positioning of modular suppliers for multi-producer races. Company-led platform companies still have a 52-week maximum/minimum product line with room for expansion, currently worth about $30,000 (i.e. car nvh decomposition,
Internal and external adornments, light weight quantification, smart seating components, heat management, chassis, air suspension, intelligent driving, ideal vehicle orders, proposed expansion of the Car Light Quantified Deck System project, expected to achieve an annual capacity of 4.8 million light Quantified chassis module products in the postnatal period by 2025 (1.6 million)
The heat management product is a new expansion product in 2021, generating $1,285 million in 2021, compared to 11%. The heat pump is the result of a vehicle-related order, and spare parts for the heat pump are well under way.
The installation of the air hanger, the inauguration of the company's first air hanger plant in November 2021, the annual production capacity of the Tupou Group (601689.sh) and the first quarter of 2022, the increase in net return profits, the continuous expansion of clients and the acceleration of the production of energy.
Quantified structures, interior and interior accessories, and heat management. 2) Accelerating the production of energy, with the construction of approximately 1,500 acres of land at the Quarters Base, Ning Tupou Group-601689-2021q3: Improved Māori Ring Ratio, performance table, Bohang Bay New Zone II, Three Bases and Nimbauan District Production Base
The Tupou Group - 601689-2021 mid-point evaluation: Clients continue to grow and performance continues. 3) The cooperation model of the Tier 0.5 level promotes collaboration with Rivian, lucid, Ford, gm, fca, Hwa, Kim Kang, Gao, Mi, Idea, and technology firms.
Tupou Group - 601689-202101 Quarterly Review: New Power Order Release, Performance Performance Investment Recommendations: Tesla National Product Core Targets, Maintenance of “Empowered” Ratings
Household stock. Maintain previous profit projections, taking into account the continuing medium- and long-term scale effects: projected figure 2: company operating income and growth in a single quarter. Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for companies per quarter, Figure 7: R&D costs and cost rates, Figure 8: Changes in the three rates
The company is a modular supplier of precisely locational multi-goods track, guided by platform-type companies, and the product line is still wide-ranging, with a current package of eight large product series bicycles worth about $30,000 (i.e., car nvh decomposition, interior and interior accessories, car body light quantification, smart cabin parts, heat management, chassis, air hangars, smart driving systems).
The seismometer/upholware operations have grown steadily with the deployment of the accompanying clients, with a 29 per cent and 31 per cent share in 2021, while the project expansion is expected to achieve an annual capacity of 4.8 million light-quantified chassis system module products (1.6 million light-quantified sub-robes, 1.6 million light-quantified hangers, 1.6 million light-alloy turnovers) by 2025.
(3) The heat management product was a new expansion product in 2021, yielding $1,285 billion in 2021, representing an 11 per cent share. The heat pump totals a car-related order and the heat pump spare parts are moving well. (4) Automobile electronics received 1.6 per cent in 2021, and the current transmission poles and ibs projects are moving well. (5) Air hangars, 2021
The company’s first air suspension plant was inaugurated in November, with an annual capacity of 2 million and is scheduled to start production in June 2022. New forces, such as Tesla, are deeply tied to mature customers, such as Gilly and General.
Taking into account that the company’s operations are more varied, it is entering the period of performance release with the volume of product produced by Modery, one of the indicators of maximum performance elasticity in the Tesla chain. The company’s sustained performance benefits from the decline in marginal costs associated with the release of capacity, as well as from the exposure of core car firms. Given the continuing effects of medium- and long-term scale,
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them