8 major modules contribute to high performance growth, and the tier 0.5 model continues to advance. Summary of events: 22 April 2022, company ' s 22 year q1 performance announcement, reporting period.
The company achieved a revenue of 3,745 million yuan a year compared to +54.34 per cent of the net profit of the mother, 386 million yuan a year compared to 56.84 per cent. 1q22 performed well and the profitability of the company continued to recover 3,745 million yuan a year higher by 54.4 per cent; the net profit of the mother was 386 million yuan a year compared to 56.9 per cent.
+3.05pcts, with multiple impacts such as the epidemic and the price increase of raw materials, the company’s profitability can still be sustained and the company’s resilience is evident. The company’s profit margin ring has increased significantly, mainly by: 1) Māori ring restoration: influenced by upstream raw materials, the company’s Māori ratio has been slightly pressured by 20.7% for 1q22, compared to 1.15pcts.
However, the overall Māori rate has been continuously repaired and the ring ratio +3.22 pcts. 2) There has been an improvement in cost control capacity: benefiting from a sustained high growth in public revenue, a flat fee rate of 7.93% for 1q22, a ratio of -1.18 pcts, a ring ratio of -0.59 pcts. Cost spreads have further increased the overall profitability of the company.
The eight-module strategy leads to an increase in the value of bicycles, and the Tier0.5 cooperation model continues to move forward. At the end of the product, the company continues to push forward the platform strategy, resulting in the eight-module strategic layout of the new growth point, with a "lightly quantified + heat management + chassis + airborne + smart driving + smart cockpit" as a fistworker.
Quarterly report of the Top Group (601689.sh) in 2022. Intelligent products are imported and the product structure continues to be optimized.
High annual performance rates are expected to continue to vary significantly over 22 years, with eight product lines increasing the value of their bicycles to $30,000, which is expected to boost high growth in corporate business earnings and net profits. The company ' s vp and ibs projects are expected to reach production in May 2022, air overhangs, Polish chassis and
The heat management project will continue to be bulk-ready, expanding capacity + highly self-researching to deepen the company’s competitiveness. At the end of the day, the company actively collaborates with the leading forces, such as Tesla, Riveran, and Minori, as well as with technology companies, such as Huaan and Mi, to explore a mode of collaboration of the Tier 0.5 level, and to lay the foundation for the company’s achievement of millions of vehicle-grade matching cooperation.
As the auto industry enters a stagnating period in the second half of the year, the start of the replenishment cycle will lead to higher corporate performance. We believe that, with the resumption of work on 2022h2 and the creation of new productive sites, the company is expected to increase its sales in large clients like Tesla.
During the harvest period, China’s rare platform for auto parts and components is expected to enjoy a valuation premium, maintain a lower-than-expected investment rate, focus on client orders, exchange rate risks, etc. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, present the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.