The Topper Group is performing as expected, and the prospects for product and output expansion are good (including taxes). q4 of this total operating income of $3.64 billion (+66.0%) is net profit for the mother.
The company actively expands new products such as air hangers, heat management, which are expected to be worth more than $30,000 per vehicle; the client expands well and gets rivian, ideal, etc.
A large number of client orders; in addition to the rapid expansion of global output, performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. We expect high public q4 revenue growth, higher prices for raw materials, and lower values to drag performance. Thanks to the high growth in sales by priority clients such as Tesla, the company achieved revenue of $11.46 billion (+76.0%) in 2021, less.
Administrative costs increased by 26.8 per cent, mainly as a result of increases in staff salaries and other costs, which were much lower than income, which indicated that the cost of controls was effective; by 41.6 per cent, the cost of research and development was due mainly to increases in inputs and materials and labour; and by 19.3 per cent, the financial costs and the four cost rates were reduced by 3.0 per cent, compared to the corresponding rates.
High growth, a decline in Māori and cost rates, an increase of R$100 million in asset and credit impairments on the same basis, and a net return to the mother of R$10.2 billion (+61.9 per cent). Of this, q4 companies increased their income by 66.0 per cent, gross interest rates increased by 1.5 pct on the same basis (lower base for the same period), sales and management costs decreased,
Increases in issuance and finance costs and an increase in asset and credit impairments of $51 million, resulting in a net return of $260 million (+9.6 per cent) and performance in line with expectations.
Development strategies have developed a strong mechanical, electrical, software and chassis adjustment capacity to actively expand new products such as light-quantized chassis, heat management, smart driving, air suspension, outside the existing seismic systems, acoustic suites, matching trends in the new energy and smart car industry, with a single-car value of up to 3
In terms of customer outreach, the company has promoted and succeeded in promoting the Tier 0.5 business model, with a fast growth in sales like the Auxiliary Tesla, toyota, Honda, and so on, with new customer orders, such as Rivian, lucid, Huaiyo, Mi, Idea, etc.
Global capacity is expanding rapidly, enabling high performance is increasing. Companies are about to issue up to $2.5 billion in debt swaps, invest in 1.5 million lightly quantified chassis system construction projects and 3.3 million lightly quantified annual yields.
On the basis of the feasibility report, the project is based on the market price collected on 14 April 2022. The company has completed phase II, phase III, and phase Ning Bohang Bay Bay.
The construction of about 1,500 acres of land in the Bojong district production base, which has already been produced in overseas Polish factories, Mexico and the United States of America, is proceeding in an orderly manner. The company’s global expansion of production capacity has helped to gain more. The Top Group: slightly over-expected performance in January-February 2022.
Ordering, driving high and sustained performance growth. High annual growth is expected. 2020315. Topu Group: q3 performance high and negative growth, platform-type battles
Tupou Group: high performance growth, hit by tier 0.5 for 1) drop in car sales; 2) new business not expanding as expected; 3) increase in raw materials prices.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations