Retail gas growth, positive push-up of favourable prices Impact, 2025h1 national gas surface consumption has declined year-on-year, with a small decline in net profits from corporate collections and repatriations during the same period. 225h1 companies achieved operating revenues of $65,991 million, a 1.47 per cent decline over the same period;
By the end of June, the company had 263 municipal gas projects covering 20 provinces and autonomous regions, including Anhui, Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Hebei, Henan, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Liaoning, Shandong, Zhejiang, Shanghai and Tianjin.
The company’s gas retailing volume amounted to 12.25 billion, an increase of 1.9% over the same period, of which the workers expanded their infrastructure operations from the Toto Bonded Tanks.
In August, four additional storage tanks and ancillary facilities were formally built and delivered on the project, with the introduction of physical processing capabilities.
Over 10 million tonnes per year cumulatively, the capacity of the auxiliary submarine pipelines is 8 billion square/year. 2025h1, the number of reception stations at the canyon is 11.37 million, an increase of 11.7% from the same year.
Low-carbon electricity demand in microparks, additional photovoltaic grids for companies 324.46mw (cumulative low-cost, clean energy needs to operate energy-intensive parks, replaced by “net” access and optimized production capacity 4 projects; response to energy efficiency upgrading needs of plant and construction customers)
“Equal retrofitting + smart control” innovative programmes to speed up printing, food, medicine, hotels, and publications, “positive” investors are only suitable for use of research at risk levels not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, and “radical” investors are suitable for use of the various categories of our Department, who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively known.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.