New Olympic shares (600803.sh) operating income of 65.991 billion yuan, 1.47 per cent less than the previous year; net return returns of 2,408 million yuan, compared to the main operations of the company 2025h1. 1) Retail gas: subject to heat and winter, etc.
During the first half of the year, the growth in the retail gas volume of companies slowed down. 2025h1 company retail gas sales amounted to $12.95 billion, or 75.6 per cent of the retail gas volume; the retail gas volume of residential users amounted to $3.04 billion, or 1.3 per cent more than the corresponding increase, or 23.5 per cent of the retail gas volume.
Ping, there has been a significant increase in the turnover of the receiving stations. 2025h1 achieved 2.69 billion shares of platform traffic, roughly the same amount. Of this, 1.16 billion shares of offshore platform trading gas sales were 20.8 per cent more than the same amount; international spot gas prices were higher in the first half of the year, and companies reduced regulations in international spot-importing countries.
Model, domestic platform trading gas sales amounted to 1.53 billion, a decline of 12.1 per cent compared to the previous 12.1 per cent, receiving the surface of the station, with the company 2025h1 reaching the canyon receiving station through triangulation, ecological cooperation, etc. 11.37 million tons, an increase of 11.7 per cent) and general energy operations: general energy projects are expanding steadily.
2025h1, the company landed on four scale projects, adding 324.46mw to the photovoltaic grid, adding new storage capacity to the net of 45.75mwh. The first half of the year, when the company achieved 197 million kilowatts of general energy sales, remained essentially the same, and the size of the general energy unit reached 15gw, an increase of the same level.
On the evening of the 26th of August, the company announced a plan for major asset purchases and related transactions, with a view to privatizing the energy resources of the Hong Kong Public Administration. On 22 August 2025, the company received a notice from the National Development and Reform Commission of the People’s Republic of China on the filing of offshore investment projects.
The transaction has completed the NDRC filing process. After this transaction is completed, a shareeps is expected to grow, and the listed companies and the target companies are expected to have a better chance of synergizing.
The advantages, as well as the advantages of Xin Oo energy for downstream end-users, are better able to respond to changes in the gas industry and to meet the diversity of customer demand in the new market environment; 2) take advantage of the gas landscape to effectively hedge risks and seize opportunities; 3) optimize corporate governance and improve the efficiency of financial management.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. is flexible in responding to the need for synergy.
In the first half of the year, 600,000 tons of new signatures were issued by the General Association of Chevrons, 8.7 million tons of \triangleright in 2025-2029.
At the same time, the company is working on the expansion of the Ing receiving station in Shoyama in order to match the volume of future growth.
The processing capacity is 7.5 million tonnes/year, and the processing capacity is expected to rise to 10 million tonnes/year in 2025.) The Shareholder Red Return Plan and the company that sells 100% of the investment proceeds from the new energy mining industry has committed to a cash share of not less than the core share of the equity share of the listed company in the year.
Profit forecasting and rating: New Olympic shares have a full-chain advantage in natural gas, which helps to protect against fluctuations in gas prices and sustains steady and robust growth in profits. After privatization of the Port’s share of New Olympic energy, companies are expected to grow and the benefits of upstream and downstream integration are expected to increase significantly.
Pool costs are optimized, downstream prices are on the rise, city fur is expected to be further repaired, retail gas volume of 8.7 million tonnes/year is expected to be released, downstream markets are opened rapidly, and a robust growth of direct sales is expected.
Risk factors: lower than expected domestic macroeconomic growth and slower than expected increase in natural gas consumption; \triangleright receiving station project construction less than expected; domestic gas prices less than expected; combined energy
Source sales are lower than expected; privatization processes are less than expected. Profit forecasts are core profits: companies have issued major asset purchase-and-associated transactions plans, plans to privatize the port’s share of New Olympic energy, and minority shareholder interests may change in the coming years, and this model is not yet taken into account.
He was a doctor at the Chinese University of Mines, a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Council, a member of the China Price Association's Select Committee on Coal Prices, and a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (maintaining the job), who for more than 10 years conducted research and advisory services in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning,
In June 2016, it joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large-scale energy panels and is currently in charge of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, formerly the Henging Securities Economics and Finance Institute.
He has worked for many years in coal mines and has been involved in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to study coal, steel and upstream and downstream fields.
Liu Hong Guang, doctor at Beijing University, and member of the Central and Professional Committee of carbon peaks of the China Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of the China Institute for Research and Technology of the petrochemical economy, and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption. The editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed research on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the development of new energy systems in the national ministries.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for major energy research and research in the petrochemical sector. Kwok Shei, Beijing University Environmental Engineering/National University of Singapore Chemical Double Master's degree, Beijing Master of Environmental Engineering, five years' experience in the environmental industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, University of Tianjin, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sunda Securities Study in June 2022
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public environmental research. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, July 2022, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Eisen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, engaged in coal and coal
Li Dong, Master of Arts in Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry, Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Bo, a major management student at Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors. Part of this research is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.