Co-operative mechanisms create institutional services eco-groups that take the lead and combine the power to take the lead. Business is rich under the auspices of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry, with three core industries: business operations, integrated finance, investment and capital.
There are more than 30 listed subsidiaries within and outside the country.
Companies. As of 2022, total equity, net assets, operating income, and net return profits were ranked 9th, 7th, 10th and 4th among listed securities, while maintaining a two-wheel drive for corporate outreach “institutional operations + wealth management” in recent years, with significant strategic results.
For nine years in a row, companies have developed and built investment management systems that are well integrated with coupons, derivatives, hosting outsourcing, and effectively meet customer one-stop demand for integrated financial services.
With the tightening of private-sector regulation policies, the Department of Public Administration has developed a deep-seated private-sector environment that fosters quality institutions.
Brokering expands the three-way flow, leading to a transformation in wealth management. Companies continue to actively promote the transformation of wealth management, and the scale of wealth management continues to rise, building large wealth management services with the characteristics of bond dealers through a three-pronged approach of “technology empowerment, professionalization, full-time companionship”. The new rules for Internet flow are expected to be in place for the second half of the year.
The securities industry’s head-billers are expected to enjoy more development dividends, and we are consistently expected to estimate in similar corporate markets the creation of a domestic integrated international integrated securities service platform.
Founded in 1991 and based in Shenzhen, a 100-year-old securities firm under the umbrella of the Business Exchange Group, the spirit of innovation, the concept of market-based management, the internationalization of business models and sound business styles of the Business Group, developed over 32 years as a first-rate ticket with a full portfolio of securities markets in the country.
According to the company announcement, on 17 November 2009, the company was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and in 2010 it was included in the 300-indicator component, and in 2013 it was included in the 50-initiated share; in October 2016, the company made the first public offer of the stock, which it had completed in Hong Kong, to be the seventh in the country.
a +h securities dealers, covering areas such as securities brokerage, self-investment, financial asset management, investment banks, etc., are among the leading companies in the Chinese securities industry.
The company has 12 branches and 259 branches throughout the country. It holds full holdings in securities international, sales futures, foreign capital, business management and investment, equity time funds, recruitment funds, and subsidiaries in Hong Kong, the United Kingdom, Singapore and the Republic of Korea.
Figure 2: Merchant securities are part of the business, and the company has a strong combined strength as a financial subsidiary under the umbrella of a firm that offers a full range of financial services based on the concept of "industry first, service first, innovation first."
The quality of professional services has enabled them to gain a good reputation among investors and to establish a significant competitive advantage.
Asset management and wealth management, etc., to achieve a comprehensive layout, provide a full range of financial services, create differentiated advantages, and lay the foundation for one-stop shops for clients. Companies actively promote science, technology and innovation, strengthen the integration of science, technology and finance, and enhance digitization and intelligence
Innovative science and technology driven, upgraded, enhanced application of cutting-edge technologies, such as information technology, artificial intelligence, and enhanced platforms for intelligent services
The company evaluated the highest rating “aa” for 14 years in a row and first entered the “white list” of securities companies regulated by the CSRC. The company will continue to increase its risk.
Management and compliance capacity, establishment of sound risk control systems, enhancement of risk identification, assessment, wealth management and institutional industries
Corporate governance: a strong and powerful portfolio of shareholders with a strong brand and shareholder background. Merchant securities belong to the Group of Recruitment Bureaux, which is the state's business.
The Chamber of Commerce and Industry Group is a large, diversified and integrated company with a rich industry, with three core industries: business, finance, investment, and capital, with more than 30 companies holding shares and participating in foreign- and domestic-based companies.
As of the end of 2022, the top five shareholders in the offer were HSB Financial Holdings Ltd., Shenzhen Market Investment and Development Co. Ltd., Hong Kong Central Settlement (Agents) Ltd., China Ocean Shipping Co. Ltd., China Ocean Transport Co. Ltd.
Of these, the first two shareholders of the company were the Indirect Holdings of the Chamber Group (with a combined share of 43.14 per cent), on the basis of which the Chamber Group held a total of 89.4 million shares of the company, with a combined share of 44.16 per cent of the company ' s holdings and was the physical owner of the company.
Starting in 2016, the Commissariat Group began the full deployment of the Department's Financial Holding Company, which is designed to attract investment (renamed “Colding Money”) and to optimize the concentration of foreign and domestic financial interests through non-reimbursable transfers, cash purchases, etc.
The equity structure of the financial sector has led to the segregation of business and financial risks. At present, there are about 670 establishments under the control and control of businesses, including directly-owned financial institutions, such as recruitment banks, securities, recruitment and life, leasing, capital, recruitment and recruitment.
On 2 September 2022, the Central Bank approved the establishment of a licence for the financial holding company of Shenzhen Inclusion Investment Holdings Ltd. and agreed to change its name to “Breaking Bureau Financial Holdings Ltd.” (hereinafter referred to as “Breaking Money Control”).
This is the third gold license plate issued by the Central Bank since March 2022 by the China-China Financial Holdings Ltd. and the Beijing Financial Holdings Group Ltd., and is the first firm in the State Treasury system of the State Council. Strategic planning: customer-centred development of internationally competitive first-rate bonds.
Companies insist on the strategic direction of “doing big and small capital, doing asset-intensive business,” and science, technology and innovation enable them to speed up business transformation, improve business models, optimize business structures, and increase the momentum for development. According to corporate reports, the offer of securities is customer-centred, with five core strategies, one of which is to speed up the construction of modern investment banks.
(c) Promoting the integration of capital and services into the development of integrated financial services capacities;
Five core strategies, such as integration of services, enhanced capacity for cross-border operations, and one-stop integrated services for clients, continuously improving integrated competitiveness. The reform dividend drives the build-up of “mother-class” coupons’ headers.
In 2022, affected by uncertainties in the internal and external environment, equity markets collapsed, market activity declined, and the performance of bond dealers was hit. In the first quarter of 2023, as the economy recovered, the performance of the market’s continuing warmers rose, with 43 listed securities.
With the exception of the Chinese and Chinese securities and the Walling securities, all listed securities have achieved a double growth in operating income and net profits, totalling $134,892 million, representing an increase of 38.53 per cent in the same year; and a net return profit of $42.97 billion, representing more than 37 per cent of the total receipts from the industry, with the main bond dealers showing a significant profitability.
In November 2019, the CSRC issued its response to the proposal to make a strong carrier and build a capital market with eight pillars to ensure financial security.
In recent years, in a context of high market volatility, the equity capital of the securities sector has continued to grow. According to the CSA, by the end of 2022, the total equity of the securities sector stood at 11.06 trillion yuan, with a net total registration system driving high-quality development in the securities sector.
In recent years, our capital markets have undergone a process of piloting a registration system in a growing market, expanding it to stock markets and moving towards a market-wide process, a better market base system, a better market system at multiple levels, a continuous release of capital markets with the capacity to allocate resources, institutional services, investment markets, etc., and so forth.
By the end of 2022, the cumulative number of registered companies listed in the two markets had reached 1,660. In 2022, the amount of stock collections in the two markets was $135.76 billion, in 2018-2022 118 annual returns of stock collections in the two markets, and in 2018-2022, the CSRC registered 41.74 per cent annual composite growth in the number of business start-ups.
In the context of the full registration system, higher requirements are placed on the pricing and investment capacity of the investors, with the investment of a full chain of integrated services around the enterprise's upstream and downstream industrial chain and throughout its life cycle.
The transformation of industrial investment has become an important transformation in the industry. Firm corporate business combinations are stronger, corporate business earnings and net return profits have grown robustly, and assets have grown in size.
The impact of internal and external environmental factors, increased volatility in financial markets and a decline in the overall performance of marketable securities, but many of the company ' s operations were in the forefront of the industry, with stable top positions, while participating in top equity fund funds, and in recruitment funds, wealth management operations were more profitable and shareholders were more powerful than others.
In the first quarter of 2023, affected by the warming of the equity market, the company achieved operating revenues of $4.758 billion, an increase of 28.74 per cent in the same year; the net profit on maternity was $2.26 billion, an increase in the same year; the industry ranked first and the core business was stable.
Assets, net assets, operating income, and net return profits were ranked 9th, 7th and first quarter of 2023 among listed securities, while net equity, operating income and net return profits were ranked 7th, 10th and 6th among listed securities, and companies achieved operating income of $4.758 billion, an increase of 28.74 per cent, respectively;
The net return to the mother is 2.26 billion yuan, an increase of 51.72 per cent over the same period. The weighted average net asset return for the company during the quarter was 2.09 per cent, an increase of 0.73 percentage points over the same period; the basic gain per share was 0.24 yuan per share, an increase of 60 per cent over the same period.
The market rankings for core business have remained generally stable, the transformation has been effective, and the share of medium-strategy and institutional business income has increased. In a volatile market situation, firms have remained active in managing stock sector developments and have continued to push for a “two-wheel drive” firmly.
Development strategies, business systems are being optimized, and profitability is being maintained at a high level. By the end of 2022, corporate brokerage, self-employment, investment, credit, management of business income (excluding other business) contributed 33.53 per cent, respectively.
In recent years, corporate roe and leverage rates have been higher than industry averages.
The top 10 listed dealers, the top-ranked top-seller ranking, and the company’s ability to leverage its funds continue to grow. Institutional operations + “two-wheel drive” of wealth management strategy highlights the effectiveness of policy-led wealth management transformations to build large wealth management systems.
In 2022, the stock-funds of the two cities were paid unilaterally by 247.67 trillion yuan, a decrease of 7.59 per cent. The number of new investors in the market fell by 14.73 million, a decline in the same year.
The number of persons in business was 28.41 per cent, with wealth consultants accounting for 1329 persons, which effectively contributed to the growth in the size and activity of clients.
By the end of 2022, affected by the decline in overall market activity, companies were selling $12,393.2 million in brokerage, contributing to the transformation of wealth management.
A wealth management service system. The company ' s wealth management business focuses on individualized investment programme design, tailoring the portfolio to meet client needs, including equities, funds, fixed-income products, insurance, borders, etc., depending on the client ' s financial position, investment objectives and risk tolerance.
Slippering, companies continue to actively promote a transformation of wealth management, the scale of wealth management continues to rise, wealth management clients produce 1.4 trillion yuan, and high-value clients (high net clients are clients with hosting assets of $8 million or more) account for 5.76 per cent.
In response to the downward trend in market commission rates and the shift in traditional brokering, companies became companies in 2019.
The establishment of a headquarters for wealth management and institutional operations, which integrates the wealth management and institutional lines of operations, provides strong support for the strategic objectives of companies in building institutions and business niches for wealth management. In recent years, companies have steadily advanced the transformation of their business from discipline to wealth management by providing diversification based on meeting customer transaction and investment needs.
Since 2020, revenue from corporate surrogates of financial products has been growing exponentially, and by the end of 2022, surrogate finance has accelerated the digital transformation and improved the quality of client services. Companies have actively applied advanced technological tools to optimize the professionalism of financial management services, such as finance, technology, and big data, to provide their clients with intelligent wealth management tools and uniforms.
By late 2022, the company “e-intakes” accumulated 40.2 million clients and cumulatively contracted assets of $9.65 billion.
In the same time, financial and technological enabling operations have been combined to continuously reduce the cost of brokering operations. In 2022, the company brokerage activity was only 0.087 per 1,000 inhabitants. The cost rate decreased by 41.03 per cent in 2017.
In recent years, the continued expansion of Internet investors has facilitated investment by securities companies to enhance their digital transformation, particularly through the establishment of “customer-centred” wealth management services through Internet platforms, and the creation of a new approach to Internet wealth management.
After three years of public consultation on the provisions of the Securities Corporation ' s Rental of a Third Party Network Platform for the Management of Securities Operations (pilot), a new Internet-based guide is expected to land in the second half of 2023. The three-way protocol will facilitate the use of passenger channels by leading dealers, reduce the cost of receiving customers, share of corporate brokerage, and share of products.
In 2022, the process of institutionalization of capital markets continued to accelerate. The company's continuous process of refining its “securitization agency +” system.
According to the company ' s 2022 financial report, corporate private fund-raising averaged $18,633 million a month, and the industry ranked 8th; and the non-monetary fund-raising fund managed 57,378 million a month, and industry ranked 3rd.
Technology empowerment, positive innovation, and the pb business industry are leading. For years, the pb business of buying securities has been on the list for years, and companies, as one of the first recipients to have been approved to carry out an integrated hosting service for private equity funds, have placed the pb business on top of an important strategic business layout, with a strong corporate development presence.
The Business Management Outline explicitly states “building a bond service system for institutional customers.” The main clients of the pb operation are institutional investors and high net private investors, accelerating the corporate transformation.
The first batch of securities to be approved to start a private fund-raising consolidated hosting service, the first to set up a bond dealer system, took the lead in establishing a bond dealer business platform to provide one-stop integrated financial services to institutional investors.
Investment management systems and institutional service platforms developed autonomously to achieve a deep integration with bonds, derivatives, hosting outsourcing and the provision of investment pooling, deployment, servicing, etc.
A one-stop shop for integrated financial services Launching a small program version of the corporate service platform and an investor platform to move from online upscaling, processing, services to intelligence, digital services
The first agency to provide hosting and outsourcing services for bank property, the first to provide services for the Private Asset Allocation Fund product.
Innovative services such as to-value, to-foresee recognition model, successful landing of cross-border administrator services, foreign fund-raising operations of outsourcing services, etc.
According to company announcements and data from the China-China Association, the market share of private fund-raising products is 22.32 per cent, remaining industry-first for nine years. In 2022, the total size of the company ' s wfoe product and the number of new wfoe products were ranked first in the securities industry and second in the securities sector in the size of its public fund-raising product.
In May 2023, the China Securities and Investment Association consulted on the Guidelines for the Operation of Private Securities and Investment Funds.
The objective is to: control the arbitrage of Lazie, to prevent regulatory arbitrage, to strengthen top-end management, and to reduce industry risk. In the first step, we have improved our system of rules for private equity investment funds, with a stronger risk-control orientation.
Risks will also decrease. The more competitive private fund-raising business is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is.
Investment and trading operations: Developing strategies to expand institutions on behalf of client ecology Investment operations have expanded rapidly and steadily increasing the number of solidized assets. In recent years, companies have secured the size of their own assets.
Figure 36: Revenue from self-employment of commercial securities, 2016-2022 The first quarter of 2023, influenced by the warming of the equity market, generated 1.726 billion yuan, or 1.34 per cent more than the previous year, from the company ' s own operating income; other claims invested 58.698 billion yuan, or 3.6 per cent less than the previous year.
After a wave of equity and debt markets in 2021, the company adjusted its asset structure, reduced its directional investments, and made a neutral strategy. In addition, emphasis was placed on capital intermediation, such as derivatives and markets, and the number of in-house derivatives now eligible for market operations has increased.
To 70, the securities companies are ranked first. The futures of the state debt, interest rate swaps, forward transactions of the target debt grew by 113.62%, 426%, 193%, respectively.
Since 2019, regulation has continued to relax the two-way rule for bond dealers, with a significant increase in the two-way mark, a downward adjustment in the conversion rate, a significant increase in the volume of business between the start-up and the start-up panels, a major development opportunity for the two-step coupons, a financing rate, a deep exchange to expand the range of shares in the financing line, but subject to market conditions, the industry as a whole.
234.08 per cent, consistently above the industry average. In 2022, companies ranked interest income on capital intermediation operations, the size of the financing bond operations, stock pledge buy-back (own-account) operations, etc., were all in the industry.
Investment management operations: Continuously optimized investment capacity and product lines to accelerate proactive management of the transition, with economic development, rapid accumulation of wealth among the population, stronger investment needs, and growing investment awareness. After the new regulations governing seniority, banks, bonds, funds, trusts, insurance opened the path to transformation.
The era of netting in the asset management sector has begun, with various types of management agencies entering a new phase of high-quality development. In the context of the continued refinement of the regulatory policy for the management of assets, the structural transformation within the industry has continued to deepen, with asset quality. Corporate asset management operations consist mainly of two main components: asset management and fund-raising operations, and the overall development base.
Strong and balanced business structures are industry leaders. In 2022, net corporate management income of 829 million (mainly two PGF subsidiaries) contributed $1.662 billion in profits from investment, an increase of 3.84 per cent in the same year, and the combined profit contribution of two PGF affiliates was 20.59 per cent.
Public fund-raising operations: Public fund management continues to grow at a steady rate of performance income. The corporate fund-raising operations are carried out through the joint venture-owned Boding Fund (with 49 per cent equity) and the Merchant Fund (with 45 per cent equity), which continues to grow in scale and performance income.
Established in July 1998, the BFW is one of the first five fund management companies in the country. It is also a public fund-raising fund. The size of the asset management is 1,501.1 billion yuan (excluding the size of the subsidiary management), ranking 8th in size of the non-monetary public fund of the Fund at the end of 2021 and 1st in size of the bond-type public fund.
The size of the Fund ' s asset management is $1,149.2 billion (excluding the size of its subsidiary management), increasing from the end of 2021; the Fund ' s non-monetary public fund is ranked fifth in size; and the Bond-based public fund and the equity fund are ranked second and third, respectively.
In 2022, four remodels were completed, amounting to $37.6 billion in size; and solid collection, equity, multi-strategy and fof four product lines were improved and bank and insurance lines were developed.
Launching: The full registration system has continued to drive the transformation of the capital market registration system since November 2018, when the capital market reform began, the registration system has been in operation for more than four years, and now the full registration system has been in operation.
Net revenue from the operations of the Portfolio Investment Bank in 2022 was $1,393 million, a significant decrease of 45.22 per cent in the same year, the impact of the fall in corporate ipo reserves in the year, and the significant decline in the number and amount of corporate stock owners in 2022. Since the opening of the capital market registration reforms in 2018-2021, the volume of corporate equity underwriting has continued to rise.
The growth rate is 33.28 per cent year after year; among them, the company ' s ipo industry ranks and the size of its sales continue to rise, with 5 firms, 13 entrepreneurs and a double-share reserve at the forefront of the industry, providing some assurance of future performance.
Of this amount, credit debt is paid in the amount of $272,088 million, ranked 8th in the industry; abs is ranked 5th in the industry and credit abs is ranked 1st in the industry; companies are ranked 2nd in the volume of reits issued as finance consultant infrastructure.
Global M & As transactions slowed considerably in 2022, owing to, among other things, increased uncertainty in the domestic and foreign economic environment. But companies insist on serving the real economy, focusing closely on structural transformation and industrial upgrading, and on reforming state firms.
Continue to deepen close cooperation with the strategic clients of large and large enterprises, while actively working with the firms within the HiB group to promote the integration and synergy of the BBG group system. According to Choice, companies disclose M & A transactions amounting to $10.33 billion; M & As transactions number eight, with industry rankings.
8; M & A reorganization as a percentage of net revenue from financial consultancy operations at 39 per cent, an increase of 15 per cent over the same period.
Platformed, ecologized business models open up business silos, synergize the business chain, and increase the scope for profit. Based on the current macroeconomic environment and future trends in the securities market, we are looking at net revenue from brokerage fees: as the domestic economy continues to recover, market-wide trading activity is gradually being raised.
With the rise, it is expected to lead to a rapid growth in stock market turnover. Corporate brokerage channels have significant advantages, and with the continued empowerment of financial science and technology, wealth management and corporate business leadership are expected to increase further, so I have a further downward trend, with the assumption that the commission rates for corporate brokerage will be the same for the next three years.
(2) Net income from operating fees of the investment bank: 100 billion yuan from the comprehensive roll-out of the registration system, with bond financing of 11,83 trillion yuan, 13,02 trillion yuan, 14.32 trillion yuan, respectively; net revenue from operating fees for asset management, with the new regulations at the heart of the system being improved,
The asset management business has entered a new phase of high-quality development, and we assume the size of corporate asset management over the next three years (4) net revenue from interest: given the scope for development of our financing voucher operation, we assume the next three (6) costs: including taxes and surcharges, operating and management fees, impairment of assets, credit impairment losses and their associated costs.
In the light of historical data and macroeconomic trends, we assume that taxes over the next three years, together with sensitivity analysis of additional profit projections, net revenue from brokerage fees and investment returns are an important part of the company's operating income.
Thus, investment returns are a sensitive factor in a sensitive analysis of profit projections. As capital markets warm and the demand for diversified wealth management continues to release, securities companies will have a stronger future.
So we've chosen the market net rate as a reference indicator, using the relative valuation method for companies. We've selected China Gold, China-Kinjin, Thailand-Kun-Aan, Hiroshima, China-Kin-Kin, Hua-Thai, China-China-Thai, China-China Express, China Galaxy, and China-Kin-Kin securities as comparable companies.
See the above-mentioned comparable company pb (2023e) valuation average of 1.29 x.The relative valuation method is more sensitive to net assets per share and net market rate (pb), and we conduct a sensitivity analysis of the valuation level of the offerable securities using the net assets per share and pb as a sensitivity factor.
We use the relative valuation method to calculate a reasonable value for the company, but the valuation is based on a more hypothetical premise. Because of the sensitivity of the relative valuation method to the net asset and net market rate (pb) per share, we conduct a sensitivity analysis of the value levels of the company with each net asset and pb as a sensitive factor.
Profit predictions depend on a number of assumptions, and minor variations in the assumptions will have a greater impact on the forecast results. Given the future development space of the securities industry, macro-regulation policy adjustments, and corporate head position, we are concerned about the future of the securities industry.
Companies’ growth expectations are based on optimistic judgements, with more optimistic assumptions about the growth of the brokering and investment lines. The future market environment is characterized by greater uncertainty, with adverse events likely to have a greater impact on the growth of public profits, leading to a greater bias between profit projections and future real profits.
The net revenue from brokerage fees and investment returns are an important part of the company's operating income, and we believe that a change in the rate of increase in the stock market and the rate of return on investment would have a greater impact on the company's performance.
A sensitive analysis of profitability projections as a sensitive factor may have an impact on the impact of higher volatility in the market. The risk of market turnover, ipo volume and size uncertainty
Under a full-fledged system, the conduct of a business is subject to more stringent regulation, and companies face greater challenges and difficulties in doing business. Thus, in our forecasting of the performance of a company, we have made certain judgements and assumptions about the non-arrival industries based on current market conditions, and we have projected a 6 per cent share of the income of a company's business for 23 years, if
The benefits and the impact of the macroeconomic environment. If the equity market or the macroeconomic environment were more disturbed, they could have a negative impact on the company’s return on investment, which in turn could affect the company’s income and profit level, and if the capital market fluctuated significantly, they could affect the activity of the equity market, leading to a decline in the size of the stock-based transaction.
As wealth management becomes a drag, leading to large fluctuations in corporate brokerage revenues, the prospect of growing firm performance is not ruled out. Progress in capital market reform is driven by a market economy environment, macro-policy regulation, and legal system-building.
Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author guarantees that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author