Qingdao Beer (600600.sh): The beer industry is in optimal shape, the concentration of the Chinese beer industry is expected to increase, and competition patterns continue to optimize
China ' s beer industry has increased its concentration from 63.5% in 2012 to 73.3% in 2016. However, industry patterns remain precarious for the foreign market, and there is much room for greater concentration.
From December 2017 to the present, Yanjing, Qingjia, Huayun, Bae Wei, Chongqing beer and other leading companies have made different price increases and competition patterns are expected to improve.
The company was founded in 1903, the oldest beer factory in China. As the second leading company in the beer industry, China ' s share of the market in 2016 was 17.2%, followed only by Chinese beer.
The product power continues to be optimized, re-entry promotion mechanisms are reformed, companies are consumer-centred, and new products are being introduced as consumption rises, driving consumer demand.
In August 2014, the company transformed “1+x” into “1+1+n”, which is “the Qingdao beer master's brand + the national second brand of Qingshan beer + Hans, mountain water, silver and other regional brands.” In addition, in December 2017, the Sengx Group signed an agreement with the Qingdao to give 17.99% of the company's shareholding.
The Quality Strategy for Beers, and as a strategic investor, is willing to strengthen business collaboration between the brooms, strengthen the rematching of sporting and recreational resources in the marketing field, and promote the Qingdao beer market at the higher end of the market. 2) Māori: the efficiency of the business as the product structure of the company is upgraded and sales are increased.
3) Cost of sales: In the context of the optimal pattern of competition in the industry, it is expected that the spending of leading companies will decline. Annual business plans, companies strive to achieve a 2% higher growth rate than the average industry growth rate. 2) Māori ratio: with the upgrading of the structure of the company’s products and the increased efficiency of its sales, we anticipate an increase in the efficiency of its operations.
3) Cost of sales: In the context of the optimal pattern of competition in the industry, the cost of leading companies is expected to fall. We anticipate that, unlike the general public, the increase in residential incomes will directly contribute to the upgrading of the price belt of beer products, benefiting from brand and product advantages, and the leader of the company.
In the future, the trend in beer prices will slow, and the beer industry will focus more on profits.
I. Corporate Profile: The long-standing domestic beer industry (i) The long-standing beer industry, the leading city, and the oldest beer-producing industry in China. 15 July 1993, Qingdao beer share (0168)
On 27 August of the same year, Qingdao's beer (600,600) became the first company in China to be listed in both places. The company owns 54 wholly-owned and controlled beer-producing businesses in the country, as well as 12 joint and joint beer-producing companies.
Since the 1990s, companies have been increasing their presence through mergers and acquisitions. In recent years, as the pattern of the beer industry in the country has changed, market competition has expanded from pre-existing production capacity and size to qualitative and differential competition, which has slowed the pace of external expansion.
By 2016, the city of Qingdao Beers had a 17.2% rate, after Huayun Beer. With the lower domestic beer industry and the impact of imported beer, the company’s leader is strong and the city’s share is stable.
On December 20, 2017, the Qingdao Beers Group announced that the Qingdao Group intended to transfer 19.9% of its share of Qingdao Beers to five entities under the Renaissance International flag at a total cost of HK$ 6,617 million, or 1.99%.
After the transfer, the Japanese group will no longer hold the Qingjia beer equity structure in the third quarter of 2017.
(i) China is a major beer consumer, and there is still much room for greater industrial concentration. From the end of the nineteenth century to 1979, the number of beer factories in various parts of the country reached more than 90, producing 373,000 tons per year.
But as competition in the industry increased, so did merger restructuring in the post-21st century, especially with the involvement of multinational companies such as Bae Weinbo, Gasper, and so on, the beer industry continues to grow in scale. China’s beer production is growing.
The concentration of the beer industry in the country has been increasing, from 63.5 per cent in 2012 to 73.3 per cent in 2016, although it has reached a high level, the industry has remained precarious and has had greater scope for upgrading in the foreign market, with the top three firms in the country accounting for 25.6 per cent, 17.2 per cent and 16.2 per cent respectively, with a difference of no more than 10 per cent.
United States: The first was BHW 44.1%, the second Moxon wins 25.8%, the third constellation is 8.5%, and the city is about 20% different. The first two in Japan were Dynasty and Valium, with 36.1% and 30.0%, respectively, improving the industry over the third three points (ii) “high end” + “price increase”
Ton prices in the beer industry are currently at very low levels, and the current increase in the ton price in the industry presents two main opportunities: on the one hand, high-end industry is driving product structural upgrading; and on the other hand, firms are raising prices on a voluntary basis. Currently, high-, medium- and economy-based beer generates 27 per cent of industry sales based on far more than medium- and economy-type unit prices, with only 7 per cent of industry sales.
With rising consumption, the overall sales of high-end beer were 28.27% in 2011-2016, while the sales of middle-level beer grew only marginally, and there was a small decline in economic beer.
The price of Chinese beer ton was raised from $2139 per ton to $2448 per ton, with a cumulative increase of 14 per cent; Chongqing beer was raised from $2643 per ton to $3270 per ton, with a cumulative increase of 24 per cent; Yanjing beer was raised from $2365 per to $2570 per ton, with cumulative (iii) industry sales costs expected to decrease
In the last decade or so, liquor companies such as Huayun, Bronze, Yinking, and Bae Wei have competed with each other in order to capture and maintain their share of the market. The Chinese channel has now reached a certain stage, forming a stronger leader, and the sub-region is close to a monopoly. Under these conditions, China turns to a higher profit rate, and internal tests are gradually oriented towards sales.
There is an excessive profit orientation. From China’s slowdown, producers and distributors attach greater importance to profit margins, and the cost of spending may not be as strong. Other beer producers are likely to follow suit. (iv) There is still room for increasing sales of beer per capita.
Global per capita beer production of 26.31 litres per person per year, or 1.11 per cent per person, is below consumption habits in Japan and Korea, with 42.38 litres per person per person and 40.08 litres per person, respectively. The sales rate in the beer industry has averaged 99.47 per cent over the past 10 years, and there is still room for further growth in the beer industry as the income of our residents rises, and it is expected that our production will increase.
Production in the alcohol industry will enter a period of steady growth.iii. Corporate analysis: brand power upgrading, product structure optimization (i) “1+1+n” strategy to accelerate product integration
In August 2014, the company transformed “1+x” into “1+1+n”, the “Qingdao beer master brand + national second brand + regional brands such as Hans, Mountainwater, Silver and others.” On the one hand, this is a necessary choice to accommodate market competition and help companies.
On the other hand, a clear brand development strategy leaves enough room for M&As to adjust. In the first half of 2016, the company developed a variety of marketed products, i.e., fine ipa, pulp drums, classic 1903 monster electrons, special commemorative editions, and the company’s products responded to the new consumption trends and provided consumers with a richer and larger share of money.
(ii) Leveraging brand advantage and innovative marketing models, the Qingdao Beer brand was one of our first ten brands, and the company's price of tons of alcohol was one of the highest among its domestic counterparts, demonstrating consumer approval of the Qingdao beer brand.
Over 90 countries and regions. In addition, companies have the only national priority laboratories in the beer industry, leading national research and development platforms and teams, and leading national basic research capabilities, and form the core of a number of autonomous intellectual property rights. Companies actively explore the application of new mobile Internet-era marketing models to build “Internet+” channels, innovation camps.
The marketing model, in addition to the establishment of a structured e-commerce channel system for official flagship shops + official malls + online retailers + distribution stores, has also created self-owned power lines, including the mobile `Qingdao Beverage', `appropriation fast buy ' , which caters to consumers' purchasing needs and consumption experiences through professional networking and a combination of high-quality end-products.
In addition, companies have increased brand promotion and input through major events, such as football and the Olympics. Given the consumption characteristics of the Internet in recent years, companies have built on their original branding, marketing, and consumption experiences.
Increased interaction with consumers. Chart 21: A beer marketing event in Qingdao, 2012 `Dance with Passion' selection contests in more than 60 cities across the country, with 50 special beer festivals throughout the country
In 2013, the company celebrated the 110th anniversary of the Qingdao Beers Factory, with the theme “110 years only for the making of good beer,” and increased its marketing of products, in conjunction with the 2014 World Cup, to develop and roll out products like Qingdao Beers and the Aluminium Bottles for a few years. In 2015, the company’s online “Break Bought” app, which gave a new experience of “move fingers, beer to home,” became the first o2o platform in the beer industry.
In 2016, the Asian Football Club championships were sponsored, youth-friendly sports and music events, such as China ' s cba basketball leagues (iii) were transformed at the mid-to-high end, and the re-entry promotion mechanism was reformed. The domestic beer industry has continued to decline in recent years and sales have been on the same scale.
During this period of depression, the central beer market has been rising. Importing beer has grown at a compound rate of over 45% over the last three years, while Chinese home-grown beer brands have started to shift to mid-to-high markets. Qingdao beer has rolled out August 1903, Pearson all wheat concentrate, and all wheat white.
High-end new products, such as beer, have completed packaging upgrades for pure beer, achieving business income of 23.385 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, with a total sales volume of 4.53 million litres of beer, of which 2.12 million litres have been sold by the main brand, and 900,000 litres have been sold for high-end products, represented by “Agut, Hong Kong, 1903, Pure Beer”.
The second-largest shareholder of the company, the Japanese-Japanese Conservancy Company and five entities under the flag of Qingxing International Ltd., did not sign a stock purchase agreement to transfer the Qingjia beer shares of 243 million (approximately 17.99% of the company's total stock stock) to the Qingxing Group, at a total cost of approximately HK$ 6,617 million. Before the high-end transformation of Qingxao beer, the Japanese sprung up.
A combination of alcohol and Qingdao beer products, and the sale of high-end beers through the use of green beers. Compared to Qingd with Qingtao beer, there is a firm strategy to support the quality of Qingdao beer and, as a strategic investment, the willingness of donors to strengthen business collaboration with Qingdao, and to strengthen the marriage of back-star sports and entertainment resources in the marketing field.
Qingdao beer is known and held in high-end markets. (iv) Cost falls are large and profitability increases.
In the future, as the company's operating capacity increases, costs and cost controls increase, future profitability increases.
The net interest rate for beer taps, we think the sales of high-end products will continue to rise, and the cost will fall. In the context of food safety in 2018, the risk of product digestion will be high.
In 2012, the fifth team member of the Crystalball Industry, working on the analysis of the agro-forestry and pastoral fisheries industry at the Institute, was good at managing the industry cycle, researching dozens of listed companies in the field, and good at digging investment values.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.