Rainer Science and Technology (300442.sz) 'Academic Ill-Credit Centre for the Age 'Ill-Credit' Liquefied-Aidc Leader of the Nation, who benefited from deep aigc development, giving a "buy-in" rating. Rune Science and Technology is the country's leading data centre's overall solution service provider, insisting on self-investment, self-building, self-employment.
The company actively embraces the wave of computing power and invests heavily in Aidc. By the first half of 2024, the company had completed seven clusters of aidc intelligence infrastructure in the Greater Region, and a total of 61 centres of intelligence in the country.
320,000 hangars. As IRCC delivers, the company is expected to benefit fully from arithmetic development, which brings with it significant data-processing needs, and the data centre, which is an important infrastructure for arithmetic networks that provide network networks and power for the proper operation of servers.
Infrastructure environments such as supply, cool heat evaporation, etc. The aigc high-speed development has created a dynamic demand for arithmetic, moving from an early demand for universal numeracy to a need for smart numeracy, a trend of high power density in the IAC cabinets, promising innovations in radiating and power supply systems, and a sustained increase in IRC penetration.
During the year, the company delivered the first full-scale pure liquid cold intelligence centre in the industry, with a single cabinet power of 21.5 kw or more, with a high-density, cold-idc single cabinet of 10.5 kw or more, and gradually upgraded the low-capacity machine cabinets in stock to achieve a double increase in the number and density of the cabinets, fully meeting the need for ai intelligence.
• The company has high-quality aidc resources, has a byte beat of its head customers, and has a clear competitive advantage: 15 years of deep-farming digital economy, with sustained large-scale investment in areas such as intelligence and arithmetic infrastructure.aigc has a higher demand for single machine numerics and power, and the company has a rich liquid cold intelligence centre.
The company's competitive advantage is clear: (1) research and development is strong, liquid cold, IQC technology leads; (2) there is a large reserve of core idc scarce resources in the immediate vicinity of the city.
Premium advantages; (3) multiple clients, such as operators, bytes and fast-trackers, operating the data centre for more than 10 years, continuously increasing user stickyness; (4) management team experience and industry background of deep idc. Increased demand for arithmetic-band motivation cabinets by leading data centre vendors in the country
The company, as a professional provider of data, is committed to building a green data centre cluster at the park level, high-level, and efficient.
Clients provide data centre infrastructure services. Since its establishment in 2009, the company has been committed, self-built, self-sustaining, self-carried, high-level data centre clustering, following the high speed of Internet development and achieving good scale effects.
6 regions of the country, such as Chongqing, Gansu Lang and Hainan Changzhou, have completed the construction of seven clusters of aaidc smart-counting facilities, with a total national planning of 61 centres of intelligence and approximately 320,000 cabinets. The corporate equity structure is concentrated to facilitate the implementation of the long-term development strategy.
The controlled owner is Ms. Zhou, Mr. Li Xing, Vice-President and General Manager, and Ms. Zhang Xin, Director and Deputy General Manager, and through Mr. Kyaw Jin-Yun-taek, Digital Information Corporation, Inc., together hold 58.11% of the company. Ms. Zhou, Mr. Li Xing, and Ms. Zhang-sang, respectively, indirectly own the company via Mr. Jin-tae, Digital Information Corporation, Inc.
45.88%, 6.12%, and 6.12% of the shares, the overall equity structure is stable and contributes to the long-term growth of the company. The corporate management team is experienced and has a strong industry background.
The company’s management team has a wealth of experience in the Idc industry, which is able to capture market changes in a timely manner, and to keep the hangars in motion. Equity incentives to bind core cadres and help companies to improve core competitiveness.
Issuance of the Proclamation on Matters Relating to the Adjustment of the Restricted Stock Incentives Scheme 2023, to which 93 incentives for the second category of restricted stocks amount to 1,464 million shares. The incentives include company directors, top managers, middle managers, and core staff. Equity incentives help to increase the motivation of the company’s core staff.
To stimulate subjective energy and creativity on the part of the workforce, it helps companies to grow their performance and develop in the long term, and to upgrade companies' main operations to provide data centre infrastructure services using wholesale sales models.
Households provide the infrastructure to store servers and provide operating maintenance, security management, and other value-added services, thereby charging for server hosting services. The company is forward-looking in the deployment of data centres in several key areas, building on the data centres of Kyuzin Yoyo, Long Triangle Ping Lake, Hong Kong, Australasia Bay, Fushan and Huezhou.
Ji-Qing, Gansu Lang and Henan Chang state data centres continue the national data centre construction process and speed up data centre delivery. Based on the experience of traditional data centre construction and operation, company co-servers, microchips, networks, etc., are working together to build IQ centres, which can carry a three-storey network.
Structure, supporting up to 8192 high-power high-performance servers connected, and in the first half of 2024, the company was able to build about 76,000 containers, with a full-fledged computing centre with a capacity of over 90 per cent and industry leading.
1.2. Artificial intelligence development brings with it a great demand for arithmetic growth, a strong demand for arithmetic development, and a robust growth in corporate performance. In 2019-2023, corporate operating income rose from 989 million yuan to 4,351 million yuan, a compound increase of 44.83 per cent, and net profits from corporate parenthood increased from 127 million yuan.
Over 90 per cent of the data centres were on board, and in 2023 the company expanded its operations in Aidc to create a second-growth curve of $967 million, an increase of 37.64 per cent over the same period. Of that amount, Idc earned $1,521 million, Aidc earned $2,054 million, Idc operated mainly in the two main categories of operations, namely, liquid cooling and intelligence.
Arithmetical modules sell business, as well as cluster-building, network technology, etc., companies channel through the sale of computing modules, attract ai head companies to place core training modules in company intelligence centres to provide follow-up services, accelerate the advancement of intelligence computer cabinets and continue to increase profitability.
The boom in data centres as the base of the data economy, aigc, cloud computing, big data, and new technologies like the Internet are expected to lead to an increase in demand for data centre cabinets and to a sustained net profit from the company ' s collection and repatriation, as shown in figure 5: Rapid growth in the operations of the second curve aidc (millions of dollars)
In the first half of 2021-2024, the cost of electricity was the company ' s main operating cost, which was more than 60 per cent of the company ' s operations. After 2022, the cost of electricity fell as the company ' s data centre was being optimized and electricity prices stabilized.
In the first half of 2020-2024, the company ' s ex-IKC demand was tilted towards high-power cabinets, and the company accelerated its re-engineering of low-capacity cabinets in the first half of 2024.
The planned build-up to the new Delivery Arithmetic Centre in the second half of 2023 resulted in an increase in depreciation costs, resulting in a slight decline in the idc Māori rate, which is expected to increase following the maturing of the company’s aai client profile. Corporate fees control is strong, with emphasis on R&D inputs. In the first half of 2024, companies achieved sales cost rates.
Achieving a financial cost rate of 1.76 per cent, a 0.65 percentage point decline over the same period, and increasing fee-control capacity. 2019 - 1.76 per cent input cost, sustained investment in research and development in cluster networks, liquid cooling, wind cooling, data centre cluster regulation, green energy conservation, etc., will continue to enhance the competitiveness of IACs.
2. A solid base for the digital economy, where arithmetic needs drive the growth in demand for data centres 2.1. The data centres are an important infrastructure for arithmetic networks. Traditional data centre services provide, inter alia, a unique infrastructure for the operation of computer systems.
The environment generally consists of buildings, electrical and electrical systems, refrigeration systems, control management systems, security systems and decorating works, etc., and is designed to ensure the safe, stable and reliable operation of computer systems, including servers, storage and network equipment, which can be used to store and process large quantities of data.
The IAC services are customized, intelligent, and cover a full-line product from aiaas to apas compared to the traditional data centre services.
Services, network security services, server hosting services, virtual host services, data backup management, etc.. In addition to hosting the machine room, the services provided by the brain in intelligence calculations include value-added services such as arithmetic leasing, smart computing platforms, tool sets, and models, i.e. maas, large model applications, etc., with customized and intelligent features.
Large model hosting, training, deployment, subscription services covering the full-line product of Iaas to saas: Iaas can provide services such as gpu hosts, high-performance computing, bulk computing, etc.: Paas can provide computing, data processing, smart computing services for model development through public and proprietary clouds on smart computing platforms: maas can provide model customization,
Fine-tuning, deployment of services to upgrade saas based on maas and large models to help clients build large industry models, provide large model-based search engines, digital people, etc.
Ideas service provider, i.e. technology company, idc service provider.
Applied services (saas) Digital people, search engines Models are services (maas)
Model training, reasoning, customisation, intelligence platform: Skyline, Clouds Research Institute
Arithmetic management dispatch, model production, data platform gpu nudity server, virtual machine
The cloud merchants' big businesses, customized intelligence centres, networks, security, transport.
IAC’s industrial chain is in high demand downstream, and the whole industry chain is expected to benefit from depth. IAC’s industrial chain upstream is primarily responsible for providing raw materials for IAC’s construction, mainly in sectors such as chips, servers, network equipment and refrigeration, which provide high-calculative support to IAC, mainly in the form of gpu, fpga, asic, etc.
The film is dominated by the high technical barriers of gpu, fpga, the leading companies in the field of global computing chips in Intel, where asic is gradually becoming widely used in artificial intelligence with the advantage of power, vomiting, and is represented by Google abroad, the country’s cold martial arts, China’s dynasty, Ali, etc.
Clouds, technology companies and data centre service providers actively build centres of intelligence based on resource and technological advantages, provide large model training and platform services for downstream enterprises, mainly on behalf of overseas Google, Amazon, Microsoft, etc., domestic telecommunications operators represented by Chinese telecommunications, and clouds represented by 100 degrees, Ali, Telecommunications, etc.
The IAC, as the base of one's vital infrastructure, provides arithmetic support for large model training, promotes deep integration of the ai with industries, digitalization of the enabling industries, and intelligent transformation of the industries. At present, several industry-specific models have been applied downstream to the Internet, transport, finance, industry, etc., enabling downstream industries to enter one.
The data centre has entered the age of intelligence, where arithmetic demand has grown, intelligence has become a new curve for arithmetic growth, intelligence centres have developed rapidly, and the entire industry chain is expected to benefit in depth.
Upstream: chips and equipment suppliers 2.2, ai development leads to significant data-processing needs and data centres accelerate their progress towards an age of intelligence
New digital technologies such as cloud computing, big data, ai, etc. have accelerated and demand for data cloud storage, data processing, smart computing, and peripheral arithmetic has continued to grow. By the end of 2022, chhatgpt emerged with the emergence and application of a series of large model applications, and the need for arithmetic has increased further, driving data centres towards clustering, low carbonization, and numeracy.
As the digital economy moves into a 2.0-year era, ICSID is expected to develop. Cloud computing has long been a major driver of data centre development, with traditional data centres mainly providing generic computing services such as data storage, data distribution services.
It requires large-scale data processing and computing, and traditional data centres are unable to meet demand, while the Centre of Wisdom can mention that large-scale data processing and high-performance data computing, characterized by interoperability, intelligence, integration, safety neutrality, greenness, etc., are expected to develop.
Moor's laws are gradually failing, and IAC's power is constantly increasing. According to Moor's laws, the density of the integrated circuit transistors doubles every 18-24 months, and the cpu chip's performance is nearly one-fold higher with the double effect of the denard microfiche and the transistor density.
The bottlenecks are that it is very difficult to reduce chip energy consumption through process upgrading, that chip power continues to increase, that ICSID has higher demands on computing, and that the increased demand for chip quantities has led to a continuous increase in ICSID power consumption, which has caused the spreading of the tropics to see high power density in ICSID cabinets, and that the radiation and power supply systems are being upgraded. The data centres are wide-banded.
Communications systems and data platforms are based on a mix of gpu+cpu to achieve efficiency upgrades and improve system integrity, while increasing the power density of data centres to move them towards higher numeracy and efficiency. Supply distribution systems and radiative cooling systems are two major constraints to increasing the power density of data centres (1).
With regard to the power distribution system, the power density of the single machine cabinets has increased significantly, and the traditional distribution module cannot cope with the increase in power consumption. Increasing the number of distribution modules not only waste the data centre space, but also increases the cost of the data centre, so increasing the current and the power distribution capacity is an important means of increasing the power distribution capacity, with a larger distribution specification.
(ii) In the case of refrigeration evaporation, conventional data centres have single cabinet density of 8-10 kw, which is a major challenge because of the increasing power of the i-server, which will either reach 40 kw or 40 kw. When single-cell power is greater than 15 kw, the traditional chilling heat evaporation effect will be great.
In a double-carbon context, the data centre's green low-carbonization development is a major trend. The data centre's single-cell capacity has increased rapidly, resulting in an increase in energy consumption, and the IQC has become a major power user.
The Institute's research data show that gpt-3 individual training consumes as much as 1287 mwh, equivalent to 120 United States households for a year, which is only 40% of the model's electricity consumption, and thus uses clean green energy, liquid refrigeration, storage systems, etc. to increase energy utilization as a new trend in data centres.
As a result of the tightening of the pue restrictions, the National Development and Reform Commission and others issued some observations on stringent energy efficiency constraints to promote energy conservation in the focal area, suggesting that new large and mega data centres should not exceed 1.3 per cent and, by 2025, heart pue should generally not exceed 1.5 per cent; according to the construction requirements of the National Integrated Data Centre for Engineering East and West, Eastern Europe
Data centre cluster averages less than 1.25 per cent and 1.2 per cent in the west. The current average of idc water level is still high, and it is believed that in 2023, our data centre averaged 1.48 per cent, with a typical 24 per cent share of cooling system energy consumption in the centre, reducing the energy consumption of the refrigeration system effectively reducing the consumption of pue, liquid cooling technology.
The technique uses liquids as a natural cold source with the advantage of short heat transfer pathways and high heat exchange efficiency. 2.3. High data flow growth drives the rapid expansion of the data centre market, high data flow growth and the rapid development of the domestic data centre market. With 4k/8k super-clear video, cloud
The big models of games, vr/ar, ai have continued to develop well, adding industrial Internet, object networking, car networking, etc. Access is available, resulting in huge data flow needs. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications Technology, the year 2018-2025, the year of domestic data flow drive the data centre to accelerate construction and, according to ICSID data, the size of the domestic data centre market has been from 2017 to 2017.
Third-party idc firms have gradually dominated the data centre market. According to ICAC data, third-party idc firms have a 51.7 per cent market share in 2022, surpassing telecommunications operators for the first time.
In addition to providing basic services, the data centres provide a wealth of value-added services, including data synchronization, disaster preparedness services, traffic monitoring and customized services covering data centre design, construction and operation, RuneTechnology is in the first tier of a domestic third-party data centre, and capacity development and market position are at the forefront of the industry.
Data centre service providers reduce the data centre construction cycle, access key indicator resources, continuously upgrade transport capability and technological innovation capabilities, build cloud service platforms with operators, and provide basic, value-added, publicly owned and privately owned cloud services to clients.
In recent years, the data centre has moved towards a larger and more intensive world, with a third-party data service centre becoming a standard rack with a combined capacity of 230 eflops, the second largest in the world.
The total number of domestic aircraft fleets increased from 1.66 million to 8.1 million between 2017 and 2023, with a compound growth rate of about 30 per cent and maintained at a faster rate, with the addition of additional aircraft, mainly large-scale, and the data centre industry moving towards larger, more intensive systems. According to odcc data, the third-party data centre service provider for 2020-2023 is a domestic service provider.
According to the main contributors to the Centre’s new cabinets, the number of new cabinets has reached 56%, and the data centre is a solid base for the digital economy. The country has introduced a series of policies to support the development of the data centre industry.
The rapid development of industrial intelligence has resulted in significant data transmission, data storage, data-processing requirements, engineering to optimize the overall layout of the data centre, channelling the needs of the east to the west for computation and processing, building a new network of numeracy, building data centres, cloud computing, and national hubs of the big data integration data centre.
According to the construction of the National Integrated Data Centre for Engineering East and West, the Eastern Data Centre cluster averaged less than 1.25 per cent and the West less than 1.2 per cent. Energy consumption in the Eastern Region was becoming more stringent, with old and non-compliant rooms continuing to hold scarce idc resources, leading the IQC industry.
3.1. Construction of the campus-level data centre cluster, with significant advantages. Companies are the few park-level Idc operators in the country, with significant impact.
Year after year, data centre layouts were completed in the Long Triangle, Hong Kong, the Australasia Bay, the Chengdu Economic Circle, the Northwest Territories, and scarce resources such as land, electricity, energy consumption, etc. were acquired on the periphery of the first city before the introduction of the policy of “double carbon” and “East and West”.
There are scarce resources to master core indicators, and there is a clear regional advantage and cost advantage. The core set of corporate indicators is located on the periphery of front-line cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, high population density in first-line cities, well-developed economies, large industrial clusters, high data transmission, data-processing requirements, and large hangar demand.
The Western Data Centre, which is located close to first-line cities, can effectively reduce the time lag, provide timely data centre security services and cost less than the first-line city data, and have a competitive price advantage and is expected to be a preferred option for end-users.
As of the first half of 2024, the company had 6 regions, 7 nodes, 61 centres of intelligence for forward-looking layouts, and about 320,000 machines.
The cabinets, which effectively cover multiple hot spots, have delivered 13 data centres with a total number of about 76,000 and a sufficient supply of machines, including five additional data centres in 2023, three from the galleries, one from the Long Triangle and one from the Bay of Australasia district in Hong Kong, delivering about 30,000 containers, with a year-on-year increase from the end of 2022.
65.22 per cent. The company ' s earlier delivery of a mature data centre was more than 90 per cent mounted and more profitable. In addition, the upgrade of the low-power machine cabinets was actively pursued, the supply structure was optimized and the cabinets were reloaded for re-rentation. The company built the building body of the data centre using a level t3+ above standard to set aside a larger reserve for the subsequent evolution and upgrading of the data centre
(b) The acquisition of a flagship model for global head equipment suppliers, with large equipment with high reuse, too-hard quality, long-life features, sufficient depreciation costs and continued use of subsequent upgrades of data centres.A wide-ranging application of artificial intelligence technology, represented by a large one-piece model, requires a continuous increase in the power density of single machine cabinets,
The company upgrades the low-power machine cabinets in the courtyard area to high-power machine cabinets, and continuously promotes the application of liquid cold technology, which can be rerented, adequately caters for high-power machine cabinets and continuously optimizes the supply structure.
The A.I. applications, represented by the I.A. model, are growing rapidly, leading to a rapid increase in the demand for arithmetic, and the center, as opposed to the traditional data centres, needs large-scale data processing capabilities that can be used for training and reasoning in the I.A. model, or will become the mainstream choice for the future.
The traditional data centres are served mainly by universal servers, which provide hosting services for servers, with a focus on single case power and cooling options.
X, while ICSID is the equivalent of a super-large server, its main service is a high-performance one, designed to match the internal structure of a super-large server to the needs of its clients, taking into account high-speed transmission networks, demanding proximity, high density, network structure, expanded resources, expanded space, high technical barriers, and the difficulty of making a single manufacturer stand alone.
On the basis of the traditional data centres, the company co-designs, chips, networks, etc., and the company co-designs and end-users. The CIC has the following characteristics: (1) optimized layout: combined ib or ruce network according to the network deployment characteristics of each high-performance server
(ii) The high-speed network links are redundant and expanded: the platform layout is coupled with the high-speed network transmission depth.
To achieve links between the engine room modules and to minimize the distance of fibre-optic transmission between Pods. A three-storey network is pre-positioned and independently planned for the core areas of the network in conjunction with the characteristics of the high-speed network, which is open-ended and flexible to respond to changes in future network needs.
Up to 8192 high-performance servers with 10kw power are connected and currently support ib and roce networks, (3) green low-carbon, lower-lower-pue: companies are investing in a new IAC ecosystem with pure liquid-cold-green intelligence centres at its core, taking into account the development experience of past liquid-cold data centres and referring to domestic liquid-cold-related problems
Data, with a special wind ratio program designed for IAC, to achieve high temperature cooling on the side of the mainframe. In 2023, the company delivered the first single pure liquid-cold green intelligence centre in the industry, which dropped to about 1.15 as the build-up rate continued to rise, and by the first half of 2024, the company was delivering and building the computing centre design, which was down.
By the end of 1.3, most of the operational computing centres have also been down to 1.3 in real terms, with lower pue support greening of the data centre, which is expected to gradually improve the profitability of the aidc operation. (4) Support high-power machine cabinets to meet the needs of the ai high-density network: overall support for 21.5-50kw power.
The next generation of the company’s new liquid cold intelligence centres can achieve a single building area of about 220,000 square metres and an int power of more than 200 mw, bringing together over 130,000 clusters of computing cards within the theoretical distance constraint, contributing to a trillion-billion-dollar model development.
The company has been actively setting up the ICSID business model. The company has now delivered to its clients the first data centre in the entire liquid-cold Green ICDC gallery area, a-11, in addition to deploying computing modules in several engine rooms in the lobby of Peace Lake, which are used to test home-grown chips, calibrate hardware and software, and provide external power.
Services. In March 2024, the company officially opened the B-1 and B-2 IQs in Rimb district and is expected to be fully completed by 2025, when it is expected to gather more than 100,000 calories, which will be the largest single intelligence centres in the country. The company has explored two business models in the area of intelligence: the first is the provision of arithmetic services, on the basis of which it will be able to build up a pool of more than 100,000 calories.
Income is recognized according to server type, payment modality, length of service; the second is to lead the building of the computing platform, and the Centre is expected to become a driving force in the growth of corporate revenue in the future. 3.3. Corporate clients are rich in resources, with a sustained focus on R & D inputs, and maintain technological leadership.
Clients have high safety and reliability requirements for data centres. Data as a new production factor, social integration, production links, playing an important role in the digital economy. Data centres are responsible for data transmission, storage, accounting.
Continuity and security requirements are high, data centre stability, size, scalability, operational maintenance experience, rapid deployment capacity, demand responsiveness are important considerations for downstream clients. Corporate data centres are recognized by head clients, clients are well resourced, structurally stable, and have long-term high capacity.
The company, based on a wholesale sales model, has established cooperative relationships with operators, networked its head, provided server hosting services to large cloud producers to collect hosting fees, started working with operators from a small number of cabinets, and, after more than a decade of practical testing, the company data centre was based on a stable quality service.
In 2023, the company took the lead in deploying computing modules at the Kyunjin and Long Triangle Parks, and obtained the approval of one of the company’s head customers. The company’s main clients include China Telecom, China Connect, byte beats, Hua dynasty, Kyung-dong, fast-handed, etc., have hosted tens of thousands of machine cabinets.
Figure 25: Corporate R & D is strong and continues to build a pool of talent, with companies recognized by top Internet clients. Companies pursue the business concept of R & D innovation-driven development, track industry front-line technologies over the long term, develop technology based on market demand, and continuously increase their presence.
According to the Centre ' s planned design, implementation, transport management, and technology development and development capabilities. The company ' s products are now certified by the international authority, uptimeinstitute, with a 1-data centre m1 module receiving design certification for uptime Tieriv, and a-1, a-2, a-5 data centre receiving uptimem&o certification.
The pool of talent, which will be enhanced through external introduction and internal development, will in the future train 20-30 uptimeaos certified engineers and atd/ats certified engineers per year. As of the first half of 2024, 64 employees have been certified as uptimeaos.
The company actively works with its clients to develop new technologies in an open and cooperative manner. It maintains an open and cooperative attitude, establishing cooperative relationships with telecommunications operators, head end users, developing relevant technologies, accelerating technological upgrading, and meeting market demand.
The technical feasibility and safety of carbon-wide refrigeration systems has been well demonstrated, based on which high-power liquid coolers designed have been delivered.
The problem is to improve the stability of the software; to reduce the error rate, which in a complex deployment scenario can be effective in reducing errors caused by human causes.
Success rate for enhanced deployment, profit forecast and investment recommendation 4.1, business split and profit forecast
RunzeTech is the country's leading data centre's overall solution service provider, insisting on self-investment, self-building, self-reliance, self-carriage... or "four-by-four" mode to run the data centre cluster. The data centre is an important base for arithmetic and arithmetic. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Power surges, heavy investment in aidc, IRCC deliveries are expected to benefit fully from arithmetic development into a (1)idc business: as global ai and cloud computing progresses, the demand for arithmetic increases further, the size of drivers and the racks are expected to rise at the same rate and thus maintain a higher profitability, and we expect the company to maintain a higher profitability.
(2) Aidc operations: As the aigc continues to develop, it is expected that the demand for arithmetic modules and intelligence services will be boosted, the company's operations are expected to benefit fully and continue at a faster pace, and we expect the company's operations to grow faster.
Compared to the company, the reasons for this are as follows: (1) Bosin software: a core city in the country with a wholesale idc tap, in cooperation with the operator in depth, with top-level Internet customers such as Ali Baba, Tents, high-quality financial clients, etc. (2) Alofi data: in core cities such as Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Beijing and Haiguchi, with their own high-quality Internet data centres, they are Chinese electricity
News, China Connect, and China’s mobile core partners. (3) Data Harbour: For more than a decade, professional data centre services have continued to be provided to world-class Internet companies, such as Alibaba, which has accumulated a wealth of data centre technology development and transport capabilities.
Compared to the low valuation of Rwasa technology, we believe that aigc ' s high-speed growth is expected to boost the demand for numeracy, that data centres are an important base for numeracy and arithmetic networks, that companies, as domestic leading third-party data centre service providers, are expected to benefit fully from aigc development, and that we continue to look at the company ' s long-term development and the scope for growth is wide.
Table 9: Rainer technology is undervalued by comparable companies: (1)ai and cloud computing are less developed than expected, and if cloud giant capital spending, ai and cloud computing are underdeveloped, they will affect the idc and aidc industries
The overall need for the chain, which in turn affects the need for data centre hangar rental services. (2) The hangars are not as high as expected in the context of the in-depth implementation of the “double carbon” and “east-west accounting” strategies, land on and around the first line of cities
Growing pressure on resources, such as electricity, energy consumption restrictions, first-line market supply pressures, company data centres are concentrated in frontline cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, and there is a potential for future new delivery data centres to be installed less than expected, which has an adverse impact on the company ' s business performance.
(3) Increased competition in the sector, if the supply of idc increases much more than demand, will have a negative impact on the pattern of competition in the idc market, thus affecting the overall level of profitability of the industry.