Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
Incidents: 2021H1 achieved operating income of $3.68 billion. +49 per cent. Mother-to-child net profit was slightly lower than the 500ml gold bottle hit the city, and it was bright within and outside the province. By product category, energy beverages earned $3.55 billion, +56.1 per cent, and non-energy beverages earned $130 million, +33 per cent.
At the regional level, the market in Guangdong Province and the off-the-shelf region showed a remarkable performance, with sales revenues of 1.660 billion yuan in the first half of the year, compared to 39.5 per cent in the case of Guangdong Province, 1.65 billion in the case of out-of-town markets, compared to 60.3 per cent in the case of the first half of the year.
For $370 million, or +51.3 per cent of cash flows, the higher 40.8 per cent of corporate sales in the first half of the year was due, on the one hand, to the impact of the epidemic during the same period last year, to a lower base, mainly around total equity/flow (million shares)
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) has been developed in and out of the country, and brands have continued to grow. There is little difference between a red cow’s taste and a red cow’s taste.
The hyperprice of the dollar/100ml, its large capacity, the portability of the bottle make the product itself highly competitive, with brand companies surrounding listing opportunities, continuous air advertising and local marketing, continuous upturning of brands, and the position of listed companies as contributing to the company ' s branding style.
In addition, in-country companies have adopted a policy of precision farming, fine-tuning the local market, increasing the flow of high-quality dealers, opening up traditional outlets such as small stores, independent convenience stores, newspaper kiosks in the regions of China, China and the Southwest, and accelerating the development of high-speed service areas, gas stations, and other high-speed stations.
Large sellers, chains, chains, convenience stores, etc., have access/modern channels to upgrade the overall marketing rate and coverage of the product, and the company now has 2,002 distributors, with a distribution network covering approximately 1.79 million end-to-end shops across the country, with 402 more dealers in the first half of the year and about 590,000 terminals in the first half of the year.
Special sugar drinks, pilot sales in Guangzhou, Nakayama, etc., and full roll-out in Guangdong, Guangxi and online channels since June, resulting in a slight decline in net interest rates of $30.74 million on sales revenue during the reporting period, a change in product structure leading to an increase in the Māori rate, and a significant investment in public revenue.
Increased cost of selling. 49.7% Mār. 2021H1, 49.8% Mār. +3.2pct.q2 Māl.
Products, leading to an increase in the company's overall Māori ratio; (2) prices for bulk polyester slices of raw materials
The effect has been to reduce the share of the fixed cost. 23.5% of the company’s sales cost, compared to +7.2 pct, mainly 1) affected by the epidemic, last year’s q2 sales cost input was reduced, with a lower base.
The cost of running 2021h1 companies is roughly the same as in the same period last year, and the cost of running q2 companies is considered to be of high quality because of the size of the energy and beverage industry, its viscosity and its needs.
In terms of industry patterns, the Big Red Bull still accounts for about 50% of the market share, but because of trademark competition, advertising, channeling, and other brands, there are certain limits to the opportunities. As the leader of the second-tier team, Dong Peng is more competitive than other firms.
Management's deep-drinking beverage industry, continuing talent in the fast-drinking sector, digitalizing channels, leading, corporate resource focus, continuous branding, strong marketing teams, successful production of 500ml monoliths, with a long-term expectation of a sustained increase in market share.
In the process of increasing brand power, sinking internal channels, expanding out-of-town markets, generating more elasticity in both income growth and net interest rates.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.