East Poon Beverage (605499): The expansion of the fast-growing market for energy beverages was remarkable. On July 30, 2021, the energy beverages were rapidly growing, and the market expansion was remarkable.
At the end of November, Dong Peng took the top position in the energy beverages market in the country.
Two. As the company's dominant product, the sales income is more than 98% of the energy drink; non-energy beverages (from lemon tea, Peter Chen, cool drinks), see, the Guangdong region collects 1,655 million yuan, compared to 39.47%.
The number of company distributors at the end of 2021h1 increased by 25 per cent, from 402 at the beginning of the year, and the company ' s expansion of the range of sales and the speed of the increase in the distribution channels accelerated the overall impact on the sales cost ratio +3.38 pct to 21.69 per cent; and the administrative cost rate
49.68 per cent compared to +3.24 pct, Māori upturn and cost control drive companies to increase their net rate energy beverage products by 500 ml gold bottle revenues, lower costs for raw material purchase prices and larger production.
The company will see the future. (1) The company will continue to pursue its nationalization strategy, continuing to till the Guangdong market while accelerating the expansion of out-of-town channels. The country’s regional battalion grew to 1.79 million during the reporting period.
National market; (2) company product structure continues to be optimized and new products “0 sugar special” and “Omega” tested successfully, with sales revenue of $3113.92 and $3074.20 million, respectively, achieved during the reporting period, combined with continued sales of the high Māori rate of 500 ml gold bottles
Increasing the sales earnings and net profits of leading companies; (3) the relatively traditional beverage industry, where the energy beverage market is still developing and demand is growing. The company, as the head business of our energy beverages, has a stronger confluence.
There is scope to develop in the future, in combination with strength and brand influence. To the high growth of companies, “recommended” investment ratings are given.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient received it. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for an offer or request for a sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions have not been taken into account.
Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions in this report and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs.