A steady increase in profitability and a strong push for the nationalization process - A semi-annual review of the 2021 East Peng beverages (605499) Events: Business income of 3,682 million yuan in the first half of 2021, an increase of 49.11 per cent compared to the previous year, attributed to the mother
In the first half of the year, companies achieved 49.11 per cent, 53.14 per cent, and higher marketing costs, respectively. The Māori rate rose from 3.24 percentage points to 49.68 per cent, mainly in relation to Māori.
The price of 500 ml gold bottle sales continues to rise, and the company's price of pre-packaged packaging plus white sugar purchases drops by a certain amount, plus the cost of scalding production decreases.
Branding inputs, increasing the cost of roll-out of freezers and commercial super-marketing, and introducing new employees Heyuhang@cczq.com
The new product has been successfully distributed, the nationalization process has been steadily advancing, with energy beverages accounting for 96.59% of the products, and the new product has been successfully distributed, with a total of $3113.92 million in sales earnings and $3074.20 million in sales for the first half of the year.
In June, the company owns 2002 dealers and 1.79 million terminal stores, an increase of 402 by 3.06 percentage points from the end of 2020. The company intends to set up a fully-owned subsidiary in Changsha to build East Peng Beverage in Beijing.
China Regional Headquarters Production Base, which coordinates production sales in Hunan, Hubei and Jiangxi, to facilitate the process of nationalization.
Heng-tae, Shanghai, China, Shanghai, China, Shanghai, China.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.