A steady increase in productive capacity and the expansion of channels to accelerate nationalization - annual performance forecast for East Peng beverages (605499) 2021. Performance meets expectations and country-wide market expansion accelerates penetration
In the first half of the year, the net profits earned by the company and attributed to the parent grew by 45.78%-50.64% over the same period, the overall performance was as expected, and the lower-than-revenue rate of profits in the second quarter was expected to be mainly due to the expansion of the company’s channels and higher marketing costs.
On the other hand, it is expected that lemon tea will be the second point of growth in the company’s performance. On the other hand, it will enhance the development of traditional canteens such as small stores in the cities and cities of the provinces of Huadong, China and Southwest, and independent convenience stores.
At the end of 2020, the company owned 1,600 dealers, forming a distribution network covering about 1.2 million end-of-pipe shops throughout the country. The company divided the national market into four main ladders.
The team created the Guangdong marketing headquarters, the national marketing headquarters, and the national direct battalion headquarters, and defined different development strategies for different market systems. As nationalization continues, the company’s performance is expected to grow at a high rate.
Heyuhang@cczq.com has contributed to the company's continued rapid growth.
In terms of production capacity, the company produced 1.8 million tons, of which 1.28 million tons were of credit and beverages, in 2020. The company gave priority to a three-to-five-year layout, which currently has seven production bases throughout the country, with 2.9 million tons. New production capacity would help the company to ease production bottlenecks and ensure that the company produces, produces and produces.
The competitiveness of 28 Psychiath Street in Beijing's west-city district continued to expand throughout the country's market.
"Step up" rating, 1000 Shanghai and China Gate Road, and Hsien Hsien Fuku Huda Fuku Hwa, the 6th tax freer.
/The shares, corresponding to 89.92, 68.46 and 55.74 times respectively, maintain an “enhanced” rating.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.