There's a huge increase in revenue, a dynamic national market, an East Peng beverages (605499.sh) and an East Peng beverages (605499.sh) and a semi-annual review in 2021.
In the first half of 2021, the city’s share continued to expand and the net profits from the recovery and repatriation increased. (i) In the first half of 2021, there was a high rate of growth in the harvest and a significant increase in the cost of sales.
Looking at data from the first half of 2021, the size and efficiency of the company's sales continued to grow at a high rate, with revenues from the main business reaching 3,682 million yuan, or 49.11 per cent over the same period.
The national market was opened, raising the overall marketing rate and coverage of the product; q2, the company now earns 1,971 million yuan, or 28.30 per cent of the year. In the first half of 2021, the cost of producing 500-mi gold bottles fell. In the first half of 2021, sales cost was 797 million.
The high cost of sales by peers is due mainly to (1) the company ' s increased marketing input and the increased cost of $6,667,762 for the promotion of new promotional films; and (2) the company ' s increased cost of extension through, inter alia, the placement of freezers and the marketing of commercial over-markets in order to increase the city ' s share
About $97,141,300; (3) the introduction of new employee remuneration incentives and increased sales pay. The management costs are $132 million, an increase of 50 per cent in the same year and 359 per cent in the same year, an increase of 0.20 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the introduction of new employee remuneration incentives in the company.
In the current period, the cost of research and development has increased by 33.59 per cent over the same period, mainly because companies have increased their investment in research and development of new products.
(ii) Increased share of core main-camp products, with a national regional increase in the share of major-camp products classified mainly as energy beverages and non-energy beverages, and energy beverages mainly as eastern pontoon beverages (specifically 250 ml, gold cans, etc.).
Bricks 250 ml, gold bottles 500 ml and 250 ml, sugar 0 (newly pushed product in April 2021) and non-energy beverage products, including mainly lemon tea, Chen Pitt to 3,672 million yuan, of which energy beverages/non-energy beverages are collected separately.
In the case of 96.59/3.41 per cent, it can be seen that the share of energy beverages is increasing, mainly because the company's business model is “for sale” and “for purchase”. Production is determined by the volume of sales, which are determined exclusively by the downstream market, and therefore by the company's expansion according to market demand.
Energy beverages, especially gold bottles, are growing in proportion to 500 ml. Depending on the region, companies are using two operating models for distribution networks, namely, good company farming and large circulation, and canals in the core markets (Cuangdong, Guangxi, Huadong, China Centre)
In the first half of the year, the Guangdong region achieved sales revenue of $1,655 million, an increase of 39.47 per cent compared with the previous half; in other regions, the main mode of circulation was the expansion of traditional and modern channels.
Revenue from sales was 2,018 million yuan, an increase of 58.53 per cent. The main camp in the Guangdong region/national region (iii) deepens the development of energy beverages and enhances brand image on the one hand, the rapid expansion of the energy beverage market track and, on the other, the competition of the market.
We appreciate the company’s strength in the direction of market expansion, and, while keeping the cost under control, the high input output ratio. The company’s best-selling product, Dong Peng, earns more than the energy beverage.
In more than 98% of cases, companies continue to invest more in energy beverages, increase energy beverage production, develop "energy plus" products for different types, tastes and drinking scenes, deepen the positioning of branded energy beverages and meet consumer diversity.
It is expected that the company ' s 2021-Market competition will increase risks, increase the price of raw materials, food safety, wire safety, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. No part of my remuneration has been, is not or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.