21q2 revenue sustained high, with higher costs and rapid break-out, the semi-annual performance forecast evaluation of East Ping beverages (605499) 2021, the strategic window period sank faster and the 21q2 end of income maintained a higher rate of increase
The high growth in income levels continues, and we believe that it is mainly the result of: (i) the industry is in a strategic window period of high volatility and short-term slowdown in competition, and companies fully benefit from the dividends of the industry’s demand spread, while seizing the non-core market share of some of the Chinese red bulls; and (ii) the expansion of regional and channels: the company’s accelerated nationalization after 2018, with the “north-north” strategy at first sight.
As a result, 21h1 accelerated the sinking of channels in the regions of China, China, China and the South-West, achieving traditional + modern + full access coverage, and increasing the market coverage and coverage: (3) Increased cost-investment: 2102 company costs under the recovery line and increased marketing, which is expected to have a significant boost to channel motivation and end-marketing.
The short-term increase in the cost of spending and the long-term \triangleright \triangleright \twright \t}twisting of the market \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted \twisted /twisted /twisted /twisted /twisted /twiste-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-
It is considered more meaningful at this stage of rising incomes: (1) the industry is still in a “run-by” period, during which competition has slowed down, more attention should be paid to the rising market rate of rising incomes and the creation of barriers to backwarders through scale effects: (2) the core competitiveness of energy beverages lies in brands and channels, and we believe that the increase in cost rates, while short-term versus surplus
In the short- and medium-term, the industry’s high profile – and the short-term slowdown in the competitive pattern – has led to firms rushing into strategic window periods to capture markets.
Trademark disputes will continue, with medium- and short-term competition patterns in a more relaxed window period, and the opportunity to take over the non-red core and magnified high-end markets is expected to fulfil the logic of nationalization of large monoliths by expanding the region, opening channels, and increasing the cost of investment. In the long run, the second growth curve is actively fostered, opening up the space for growth and valuation of energy beverages.
Within the class, in recent years, the company has developed high-end products of carbs and zero sugars, which are expected to break through the brand's depth report by upgrading the product. 1. Dopium beverages (605499): Differences in image: beyond energy beverages, the company has developed oily lemon tea, Chen Pitt drinks, etc., which we believe to be male.
The division's advantage lies in the extension of energy-based beverages, which will not preclude future entry into similar lanes such as functional beverages, the replication of mature experience in the operation of “demons” and the creation of a second growth curve, drawing on the advantage of the original beverage channel.
3. The energy beverages industry depth report (domestic section): “Dual-structural market” and “Different competition” 3. The energy beverages industry depth report (Overseas section):
Apocalypse in the Thai market - Domestic energy beverages are in a slow window period of the “gold age”, and companies are expected to nationalize and maintain “recommended” ratings through expansion of production capacity and channels.
Increased competition in the industry has led to higher-than-anticipated costs, falling demand in the industry, food security, etc. Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized in Jing, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts, etc. Entered the securities industry in 2011 and is now in charge of food beverages, agricultural orientation studies, etc.
Liu Guanghi, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, Master of Economics. Joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2020, covering, inter alia, spices, dairy products, and soft drinks.