The regional expansion and the down-flowing effect of the channel is remarkable.
Regional expansion and downswing have accelerated significantly, with the initial release of “0 sugar” and “plus” new products, with 21h1 generating 3,682 million yuan, or +49.1 per cent of the year, falling within the pre-arranged hub (3,00 - 3,720 million yuan) where the high profile of industry and the acceleration of regional expansion and downside contribution revenue growth by companies. (1) Regional expansion: companies at 2018
At the end of the year, nationalization was accelerated, with 21h1 Guangdong/National (non-Congdong)/head camp revenues increasing by 3.06 ppt from outside Guangdong by +39 per cent to 51 per cent, respectively; (2) channel sinking: 21h1 channels sank significantly, with the number of distributors increasing by 402 (25 per cent) compared to late 2020, and individual distributors maintained their income.
By the end of 2020, 590,000 more (49 per cent increase); (3) new product releases: 21h1 energy beverages/non-energy beverages, with an income of +56 per cent/-33 per cent of the same, of which the new energy beverage “plus plus” and “zero sugar” amounts to $6.188 million, accounting for the market layout in Piti, thus providing a support point for the nationalization strategy “East, West and North”.
Multiple factors contribute to an improvement in the Māori ratio, with higher spending in the long term, and 21q2 net return profit of $334 million, compared with +16.1 per cent in the second quarter, where profit increases are lower than income, owing to the significant increase in the cost of below-line recovery and post-market advertising.
In the long run, companies are in a period of less competitive strategic windows, with more attention paid to rising rates of market share, while increasing costs are conducive to strengthening brand and channel power and consolidating long-term competitive advantages. The main benefits are from product structural optimization, falling prices of raw materials such as white sugar, and the scalding effect of production. (2) Cost rates:
The fall in the second quarter was mainly due to higher sales costs. Performance forecast: 2102 revenue sustained high, increasing the strategic window period to accelerate the nationalization. Second growth curve is becoming clearer.
In the short and medium term, the industry’s high profile + competitive pattern has slowed in the short and medium term, with strategic window periods rapidly taking over the market. (1) Industry 2. In-depth reporting of beverages (605499): Differences between competition and down-swinging of channels and continued competitiveness
The short- and medium-term slowdown in competition: it is expected that the Red Cow trademark dispute will continue to be glued and that the competitive pattern will remain in a more relaxed window, as the Orang faces the opportunity to take over the non-Red Cow core and magnified high-end markets. In the long run, it actively nurtures the second-growth curve and opens up the space for growth and valuation. Within the energy beverages, companies have in recent years developed higher-end products with sugar and steam.
On July 15, the announcement will introduce the “b Vitamin Vitamin B Drinks of East Pinocchio Sulfonate” whose product lines are increasingly perfect; in addition to the energy beverages, which the company has developed such products as oiled lemon tea, Chen Pittt's drink, we believe that the company's advantage lies in the extension of the energy drink base, which will not preclude the future from cutting into similar lanes such as functional beverages and reproducing the experience of the mature monolithic operation of the “East Pants”.
Increased competition in the industry has led to higher-than-anticipated costs, falling demand in the industry, food safety, and so on. Yuji, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts, Beijing University, entered the securities industry in 2011, and is now in charge of food beverages, agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Private Securities.
Liu Guanghi, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, Master of Economics. Joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2020, covering, inter alia, spices, dairy products, and soft drinks.