The bulk of the main sales product + channels have expanded, with a rapid increase in performance, resulting in a net return of 676 million yuan to the mother, i.e. + 53.1 per cent for the same year, and 1.97 billion yuan to the second q21 quarter, i.e. + 28.3 per cent for the same year.
1h21 performance has grown rapidly, with higher cost-investments affecting short-term profits. (1) 1h21 company collects and returns net profits have increased by 49.1% and 53.1%, respectively, and sales volume and efficiency have continued to grow at a high rate. 500ml gold bottle sales at a high rate of Māori have increased relative to the added-scale effect, with Māori rates and Māori at the company level.
The semi-annual review of the East Peng beverages has increased branding and channel promotion costs, while introducing new pay incentives for employees, an 84.5 per cent increase in sales costs for 2q21 and a 7.1 pct increase in sales costs.
The annual corporate cost rate is expected to fall, with net interest rates rising over the two-quarter period, and the expansion of bulk sales + channels is strong, with double drivers of performance growth. (1) 1h21
The sales of major products continue to grow rapidly, with energy beverages earning 3.55 billion yuan, equal to +56%. In addition to East Ponto, new products such as platinum and sugar cane have increased in scale.
In the Eastern region, the company continues to develop a strategy of full-source farming, fine-tuning the town market, full product series coverage, and 1h21 sales revenue + 39.5%. In the national market, the company has strengthened traditional channels such as petty stores, independent convenience stores, newspaper kiosks, etc. in the provinces and cities of China, China, Central and South-West, while accelerating the opening of the market.
High-speed service areas, gas stations, large stores, supermarkets, chains, convenience stores, etc., are special/modern channels to increase the overall marketability and coverage of products. 1h21 The revenue from sales in the Guangdong region is equal to +58.5%, and the revenue ratio is 3.1 pct higher than 1h20.
In the long run, the energy beverage industry has been wide-ranging, and the company continues to grow rapidly. The beverage industry has grown steadily, leading sheep have been caught in a trademark dispute, opening up room for growth for other competitors. (2) The company has a differentiated competitive advantage in its products, and 500 ml bottles have been sold.
Growth continues, and cannery products continue to grow and expect to be released. (3) Once the company is on the market, it will increase its publicity and outreach, which will provide opportunities for the expansion of the company during this and next year’s sports year.
Strong, energy-beverages markets have much room for improvement, new products are worth looking forward to, and higher ratings are maintained. East Peng beverages: after energy beverage shows, the city has a relatively new product, market openings are less than expected, and industry competition is increasing.
Large Upliftment Space 20210624 S.A.I.S.I.S.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
Food and beverages: Beverage manufacture