The increase in the cost of the doppelganger beverages (605499) affects the growth of profits.
It's a change in the pace of the company's spending. The company has just been on the market at the end of May, and the corresponding publicity campaign has been launched in June, with a corresponding increase in costs. Moreover, on the centenary of the party this year, the company sponsored a number of melodramas; and, as a sponsor of the Portuguese National Football Team, the East Peng Jiu.
The European Cup. We expect that, because of the concentration of sports this year, companies will either increase their input into the publicity campaign and, with three seasons of sales, will accelerate the growth of market coverage and boost income growth.
The energy beverage market continues to rise, looking for a second-growth curve. The red cow race continues, the Bing red cow works with limited access channels like gas stations, the large merchant overhangs reach all, and the war, while the Ma's Etohuabin channel, has a slight lack of awareness on the part of the consumer. The Tianxi red cow enters the domestic market.
It's a short period of time, and the channels need to be improved. Lahoos, close to the position of the Orient, are only a single drink under the Dary Group, or have difficulty in getting an all-round bias in resources. This is the opportunity for the Orang to move further to the national market, or to continue to increase its occupancy in the energy drink market. In recent days, Vitamin's milk has fallen.
In 2019, the company changed the market for oil and lemon tea, moving from intra-provincial sales to national sales, or had the opportunity to become a company.
In order for the company to be nationalized, the chairman recruited Lu Yifu, who worked for the National Marketing Department, who continued to be responsible for the marketing of Guangdong Province. In terms of the equity structure, the company is more like a family business, and the company director.
Longwood is serious and firm about corporate development, looking for septunes in marketing, East Peng beverages (605499): it's not simple, not cronyism. At present, the company divides the country into a four-tier team, and Guangdong is the first one.
Guangxi, Jiangxi, Hunan, Zhejiang, Sichuan are the second, Fujian, Anhui and Henan are the third East Peng Beverages (605499): Industrial Innovations, The Great North-West is the fourth. In the first half of this year, the company stepped up its efforts to open up Huadong, China and the West.
Traditional channels in provinces and cities, including South, capture 500 ml gold bottle products in empty markets, match the channels, cost and commercial incentives for inputs, place them on the spot using Internet tools, and speed up markets outside the Guangdong.
Risk factors: unanticipated outreach; risk of a shift in consumer preferences; food safety risks.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing City, has been planning a study on the evaluation of real estate tax bases in Shenzhen City by the National Social Fund, focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
One unit, which has in-depth research and follow-up on sections such as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., focuses on valuation and marginal thinking. The components are not, are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.