Automobile parts, glazing glass, 2022 q1 - performance over-expected, continued observation of the skyscreen + aluminum strip double-wheel drive incident: company release of 2022 q1 report, operating revenue of $6.65 billion during the reporting period.
With multiple outbreaks and missing cores not fully mitigated, corporate revenue and profits are now rising, exceeding industry expectations. q1 total profits reached 1,067 million, compared to +3 per cent. Of that amount, exchange losses were 135 million, compared to only $7.032 million in the same period the previous year, and net base price increases resulted in total profits.
This represents a decrease of $7.01 million over the previous year, while the increase in shipping prices has resulted in a decrease of $5.308 million in total profits over the previous year, assuming that the total profits are equal to +24.35 per cent, with an excellent performance.
Total equity/flow (million shares) is no longer a simple means of transport, and the new quadrupling of cars has led to a growing total market value/flow (millions)
New technologies are integrated into the car glass, and they also provide a new opportunity to develop the car glass industry at the highest/lowest level in 12 months. We predict that the skyscreen glass will be in its greater bursting phase in 2023, the company.
As the global champion of the sky, the city is expected to reach more than 50%, with huge potential for growth.
The team reports 2021: "Synergy, recognized by the garage and full of orders, with steady growth and active industry pressure over the next 2-3 years."
The skyscreen + aluminum bars are driven by two wheels, keeping an eye on the long-term growth of the company.
The team's three-quarterly review - the Māori rate of $5.8 billion - was rated as “buy-in”.
"Teams in Fukuyo" - ring steady, profit projections and financial indicators: "Step up, keep looking at the corporate Qualitative Curve."
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.