Research Assistant Yang Wai-Ieng: Key message: On April 28, 2022, Fyo Glass held the Shareholder Conference 2021.
Report on the work of the Board of Directors for the year 2021, Report on the Financial Accounts for the year 2021, and the fifth issue of the State ' s interbank financial instruments in 2021, issued at a price of $100 and issued at an interest rate of 2.19 per cent (annual interest rate).
▪ The issuance in 2022 of the fifth issue of the super-short-term voucher for repayment of the loan, which highlights the firm's confidence in development: on 17 June 2021, the company adopted a bill on the issuance of the super-short-term voucher by companies seeking to apply to the Chinese Association of Interbank Market Dealers for registration and issuance of the sum not exceeding the RMB.
Two billion yuan (including 2 billion yuan) of ultra-short-term finance vouchers; on December 20, 20, 2021, the China Interbank Association of Market Dealers agreed to the application. On April 24, 2022, the company officially issued the fifth issue of the super-short-term finance voucher, known as “22 Fryscp005” and the super-short-term finance voucher code, 0122816331.
Day; the issue price is $100 (100-dollar) and the issue rate is 2.19% (annual interest rate), the principal underwriter is the Heunging Bank, Inc., with an interest start date of 26 April 2022, with a one-time payment due.
The issuance of super-short-term vouchers is an indication of the company’s continued expansion of its business through financing and a demonstration of its long-term and sustained development of confidence. To raise the price of its own carbs, such as universal access to the sky and higher value-added functions, in order to increase its global share with cost advantages.
, opening up long-term growth space: 1) end of industry: with light quantification and intelligence trends of cars, the skyscreen penetration rate gradually rises and the weight of the `colour plus' + reduction; Hud front block, light, glass antenna, sound insulation, etc., high-value-added functional penetration increases and car glass single vehicle values increase
(ii) Corporate ends: Favour, with the advantage of the production end and the management end, The Glossy Glass (600660): 2022q1 season is expected to capture a greater share of competitive offshore markets with high-quality & high-value products.
Report: q1 profits equal to +1.86 per cent, with a further increase in global city coverage. 3) Based on fysam in Germany, Fukuyo marches into the aluminum glimmer industry, the domestic overseas market is connected, further expands the business boundary and continues to integrate cars.
Glass products, increasing the advantages of scale, opening up full new space for company growth over the long term.
Increased industrial dividends, with a sustained growth in the single-good gold track. Taking into account the company’s product outcome: cost/cost-side factors, continuous improvement of the structure, continued improvement of the Māori rate, significant cost-control effectiveness, we've gone upwards.
Glossy Glass (600660): 2021 Quarter: Short core + cost end impact short-term performance, future improvements
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), there is an investment advisory committee on securities.