Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Research & Internationali awhollyownsubdiaryofchinamerchantsbank
Biadi Holdings-a (002594ch) Automobile Batteries are in shape, with medium- and long-term valuations expected to boost Biadi ' s performance in the third quarter of 2021.
The net profit from the third quarter was RMB 1.3 billion, a decline of 28%. We believe that the company's overall performance was slightly lower than market expectations, mainly because of the decline in the Biadi electronics (including the masked business). For the fourth quarter, we believe that the company's new energy vehicle and power cell operations will continue to be high.
The company plans to sell 50 million shares of h shares, each at a price of Bienyang, cfa mask business and the cost of raw materials, which continues to drag the company's Māori rate.
Slip 9.0 percentage points to 13.3%, mainly due to the impact of masked operations and rising cost of raw materials, but the company ' s Māori ratio has increased for two consecutive quarters. Looking ahead, we expect that the cost impact of raw materials will slow down; 2) efficiency gains from increased sales of new energy vehicles; 3)
Siu Xiaochuan, the influence of the marginalization of the business, will continue to support the company's Māori Ring improvement. We're going down to create a new energy vehicle and power cell business that is growing at a high rate. The company's total vehicle sales in the third quarter are 210,000.
One vehicle, 87% more than the same year. Of these, 180,000 new energy vehicles, 264% more than the same year, are in hot demand. We measure the company’s remaining business performance in three quarters of short-term income potential after decoupling Biadi’s e-performance.
Over 10,000, Songdm delivered in September, and the consumer spoke excellently in the sink market. The delivery of new energy and battery loads will continue to grow at a high rate in the fourth quarter. At the same time, the company’s other receivables increased by between RMB 187 and RMB 26.6 billion, mainly as a result of the increase in battery operations.
According to China’s Alliance for Innovation in the Automotive Batteries Industry, the percentage of lithium phosphate batteries rose monthly in July-September, and power cells produced 23.2gwhh in September.
Lithium battery production was 13.5gwhh, or 58.3% of the total production, and since May this year, the phosphate lithium battery has produced more than three lithium batteries, and in July it was loaded in more than three lithium batteries. In October, Tesla announced that the global standard model model3 and motorly would be switched to the phosphate lithium batteries.
Considerable benefit from structural changes in power cells, which are expected to lead to a combination of plate fundamentals and valuations. To RMB 4.5 billion to reflect an update in Māori forecasts. For the next four quarters, we believe that 1) new energy source vehicle delivery sustains high growth and drives a rise in the Māori rate of new vehicles; 2) battery outfall; 3) comparison
At the end of August, the company had settled and invested $6 billion, and the new plant would produce 400,000 vehicles annually. In July, the city government in Changchun, China, would have been able to produce a single gas.
The group and Biadi jointly signed an investment cooperation agreement for the new energy-powered battery project, which is expected to invest nearly $10 billion in the construction of a battery plant with a red flag and other models. At the same time, the Fodie battery is currently preparing for the construction of the first overseas battery factory, which is designed to supply European automobile customers with a package and further expansion of Biadi’s overseas operations.
By the end of 2021, Biyadi's total blade battery capacity will have reached 75gwh, and by the end of 2022 it will have risen further to 100gwh. We believe that the main use of this increase will be in car production and power cell capacity expansion, laying the basis for medium- and long-term performance development.