Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) company published sales data for September, with 80114 vehicles, of which new energy sources, in September
High-speed growth is maintained by the high volume of 7,1099 vehicles sold. Quick growth in the industry, mixed with pure electricity, and high-speed growth in the new energy automobile industry in September, with the company selling 71,099 vehicles per month, the ring ratio.
The company will increase continuously in the number of new platform vehicles that are on the market as they continue to climb. In September, 33716 vehicles were sold in hybrid, with a 12% ring increase, and the dmi is now well-ordered, and the company's prices compared to the depth of 300 per cent.
With the gradual release of productive capacities such as batteries, order delivery will continue to climb, while the company’s dmi product lines will be enriched, and the following models, such as Songplusdmi iv and Songprodmi, will further improve Dmi’s competitiveness.
• Full push for new energyization, extra batteries to raise new profit points. By 2021 Biadi entered a powerful vehicle cycle with semiconductor Idm capabilities and smart chip design capabilities, achieved chip security in the absence of cores, and ensured continued sales.
The company’s dmi order remains adequate, battery capacity and whole-of-car product continues to climb up the slope, and the guarantee sales continue to climb up the slope. Meanwhile, the company launched platform e-0 with four features: “intelligent, efficient, safe, aesthetic” and a new model based on platform e3.0 is expected to start in the second half of the year.
The company’s battery will gradually be supplied on the basis of guaranteed supply and will create a new macroeconomic slowdown for the company: uncertainty about the location and implementation of car industry policies: new energy sources.
Risks such as increased competition in the car market. 1. Profitability rings improved, dmi continued to be released 2. Sales continued to rise, and new cycles steadily advanced.
Biyadi Depth (ii): Automobile layouts are becoming more and more complete The new energy and motor vehicle research team in Huaan Xin Xiang Weijin, five years of experience in the automobile industry, Master's degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, research areas covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.