The company released its third quarterly report in 2021, which achieved business income of $14,519 million, an increase of 38.2 per cent over the previous three quarters; the mother ' s net profit of $2,440 million, a decline of 28.4 per cent over the same period; and a gain of 0.85 per cent per share. Automobile sales in 21q3 fell by 11.8 per cent due to a shortage of chips, the company ' s supply of new energy products fell by 86.7 per cent, and the net profit from the mother ' s gain of $1,27 billion (27.5 per cent) was achieved, as expected. With the support of cutting edge technologies such as blade batteries, dmi, e3.0, the company ' s new energy sales were expected to be effective by 1.2 million vehicles in 2022.
Block rating: high growth in sales of q3 compared to the major city, and performance is as expected. The impact of the epidemic decreased in the first three quarters of 2021, with a 11.0 per cent increase in domestic passenger vehicle sales and a 453,000 vehicles (+68.3 per cent) in corporate sales, which led to a significant win-win industry and a rapid increase in revenues of $145.59 billion (+38.2 per cent). The Māori rate for the previous three quarters was 13.0 per cent, a decline of 78 pct compared to the previous quarter, which is expected mainly due to changes in product structure.
It is expected to be mainly due to a decline in profit contributions, such as the electric system, which has been reduced by the amount of profits, such as that of Valium-di-electronics. Technological advantages are gradually emerging, and the new bureau has a large amount of help. Companies have been working in the new energy sector for years, and they have a strong technological advantage. Blade batteries have. Safe and dense fields have been working for years, and they have been used for a full-scale referendum. By using this type of vehicle, multiple advantages have been promoted. Bmi cleans have all become themselves in 2021, developing small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, developing, or developing, human, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, in a person's own identity.
Level 1.2 million%, "r.r.p.p.p.p.p.p.p.p.p.p.p.p.hksccnomineeslicited on 29 October 2021."
In addition, the company is ahead of technology in the areas of power cells (23.4 gwh, year-on-year + 230.8%), electrical power and control, and external customers are well developed and will be marketed when they mature, and corporate values are raised.
(a) Sales are not as high as expected; (b) Māori rates, such as new energy sources, are declining; and (c) raw materials are in short supply or increase prices.
Biyadi:q3 High Performance Growth, Market Recovering New Energy Prospects
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations