Eurasia: Strategic leadership, State-led short-term demand recovery Short-term catalytic: external for old-fashioned transformation, internal organizational structural change enabling. 1) External: a step-by-step effort to catalyze short-term demand, with the Europeans also actively adding value from the business community. 2) Internal: fit-for-big.
The strategic direction, the dynamic reform of the organizational structure of marketing, and the continued optimization of door shop operations. We believe that, with the continuation of policy subsidies, the Europeans are expected to take the lead as head companies, and that the optimization of the organizational structure provides companies with a short-term efficiency-enhancing logic.
Medium- and long-term logic: emphasis on optimized channels and multi-dimensional products and brands support growth. At the end of the channel, the company's three main lines of strength complement each other and are expected to contribute to medium- and long-term growth initiatives.
The two brands of Ponise are co-empowering, and expect the advantages of scale to continue to grow. (b) Retailing everyone: using the dealer's power to operate, matching consumer one-stop purchases, door-to-door upgrades + service systems, total equity/flow (billion shares)
Continuous optimization, or further promotion of multi-grade integration and efficient synergy. (c) Retail dressing: layout plus total market value/flow (millions of yuan) speed, taking into account the “abc” model to fully leverage corporate, distributor, and assembly interests and generate resources
At the end of the product, it evolves from one product to the whole custom, with companies leading the multi-product income-based industry. From a supply-chain perspective, it actively promotes large supply-chain reform, and the excellence platform competes.
It's a high degree of convergence in the image of the spokesperson, and it's a dynamic combination of diverse marketing. < < Europa < 23q3 > : Quality of Business Investment Proposal: While the plate has a more visible post-natal cycle properties, overall demand remains to be raised. ]
Zhen, but the company's industry is strong, and it's a strategic upscaling, taking into account the fact that the build-up is on top of < < Euro23q1 > : short-term pressure on demand. > . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adequate hand orders >--2023-04-28; 22-year Euro report rating: year-round performance is consistent with the mother's net profit of 26.14/27.93.3031 million yuan, corresponding to ps, respectively
Research assistant: Kim Ki-won, Europe: Everyone in Strategic Leadership. State-led short-term demand recovery.
(i) Development journey: starting with the whole cabinet, looking forward to becoming a global high-end custom home leadership brand, starting with the whole cabinet, where the Europeans have developed into an integrated whole house-to-house leader. 1) The remix shows that, since its inception in 1994, the Europeans have started with the whole cabinet business, gradually building up the closet, whole house custom, wooden door, guard baths, software, cooking power, etc.
With regard to branding, the company has five smart production bases, including Europa, Miform, Ophori, Penith, Opini, Oto, and so on, covering a segmented market from young fashion to high end, from home to home, and from home to house. 3) In terms of productive capacity, the company has five smart production bases.
Large-scale non-specific production capacity. We believe that companies, as leaders in the area of customized households, have built up competitive advantages at multiple dimensions such as production, products, brands, channels, etc., and are determined to be strategically capable of long-term corporate development. (ii) Financial analysis: short-term business pressures, policy support plus structural optimization will continue to be high in the long term.
Income performance has been on a long-term upwards basis, with short-term exposure to external factors and an improvement in the reverse Māori rate. 1) At the end of the harvest; overall, modernization, business efficiency improvements, etc., are seen as long-term development. (iii) Management and equity structure: equity structures are concentrated and management experience is high
A clear and stable equity structure and a rich managerial experience provide firm guarantees for the long-term development of the company. 1) There is greater public stability in the equity structure. 2) For management, the current senior management team is mostly internally promoted, experienced and confident of the company’s operators. The professional background covers areas such as mechanical manufacturing, business management, and the development, expansion and digitization of the company’s products.
Continued progress in core areas such as transition is underpinned by a (iv) red: a high proportion of the value of long-term investments over the next three years.
1) Equity incentives: the company introduced equity incentives in 2017 and 2021, granting 550.54.670.98 million shares/ten thousand shares and options respectively. 2) Stakeholder schemes: in 2022, the company released a plan for employee ownership, with an annual cash bonus to guarantee long-term returns to shareholders. We believe that the company ' s incentive mechanisms are well developed and the core cadres are tied.
Staff interests, long-term development confidence, a high percentage of returns to shareholders, long-term investment value. Short-term catalytic: external for old, internal organizational structural change enabling core view: external subsidies go hand in hand with internal reform optimization, European households have a strong short-term growth dynamic. 1) External: 2024
A new round of new and old policies to stimulate the household sector upwards, with a continuation of the 2025 policy expected to further catalyze short-term demand, with the Europeans actively increasing their subsidies from the corporate sector. 2) Internal: fit the strategic orientation of “all-in-house” with active reform of the marketing organization structure and continued improvement of the door shop operation. We believe that, with the continuation of the policy subsidy, the Europeans, as heads of business, are expected to take the lead, and the organizational architecture optimizes the public.
The Division has a short-term efficiency-enhancing logic. (i) External: supported by old-change policies, leading Europeans have taken the lead. Since the beginning of the year, the Central Government has issued new-time policy papers that explicitly refer to the home area.
Underscoring the need to encourage traditional durable consumer goods to be replaced by old ones: m3 The Ministry of Commerce noted that the upgrading of the stock of houses should be used as an entry point to promote the replacement of household kitchens and consumer goods, promote the consumption of smart households and continuously release the potential for household consumption; m7 The Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Finance should initiate specific measures to arrange directly to the local level some $150 billion in additional equipment and consumer goods for replacement;
Re-designation of the subsidy policy, which benefits the consumer goods of the household, is expected to lead the business again. Europe: Strategic leadership, State-led short-term demand recovery. Local: local response, multi-subsidization policies.
The province of Hubei has taken the lead in introducing clear criteria for subsidies to support the replacement of household kitchen guards with new consumption, encouraging residents to support, where appropriate, the renovation of old houses, the local adaptation of kitchen guards and the aging of eligible owners.
Bonds, which are well established in the categories of subsidized goods and preferential forms: in Shanghai, m9 goods are subsidized at 15 per cent of the sale price per unit for household appliances, domestic construction materials, furniture and aging products, with a subsidy of up to $2,000 per unit, and consumers are entitled to a subsidy reduction in their purchases, with a relative advantage in the categories of subsidized and covered goods.
According to the National Statistics Office, 2024m9-m12 national data have either been initially validated for the impact of the policy: sales in construction stores above the national scale are the same as -2.21/-2.71/+424/-4.41%, and there are still pressures in the short term or due to weak demand for the entire estate, but we see that the policy continues to stimulate.
(b) Introduction of the “Consumer +99 Health Promotion Allowance” concession, which covers the 799 PHN, the 899 D Hair Series, and the 39800 RMB-based package products: purchase of clothing and carpentry products, with 20% of the contract value of up to $10,000 per household.
Subsidy; home-made whole-product series can benefit from state supplementation up to 15% of the total cost. We believe that companies, as head companies with high product and brand power, are expected to benefit first from state supplementation, and firm-level positive additions are expected to make products more competitive, giving priority to the eastward winds of policy continuity.
(ii) Internal: proactive reform of the marketing organizational structure and improvement of the efficiency of the shop performance Organizational structure: company integration of major business departments into horizontal management by region. 2023m4 The company initiated a restructuring of the marketing organization to fit into the “house for all” business model. Prior to the reform, the company divided the business department by type of product, such as the marketing department of the closet, the closet.
In the short term, we believe that the restructuring of the marketing organization structure is expected to lead to a deep integration and efficient allocation of resources within the region and to an increase in the speed and efficiency of market response.
At the same time, it is expected to promote long-term strategic integration. Underline shops: inefficient single-goods stores are optimized, and resources are concentrated in the transition to new ones.
By 2023, the company had 8,786 low-line shops, of which 8716/70 were distributed/direct stores, opening up in the year. We believe that, although the number of stores has contracted, it is structurally inefficient single-ports dynamically or has been able to control operating costs and centralize resources for a transition to a new door shop for everyone, with multiple product integration or a one-stop solution.
The cost-payer's home-loading requirements, which drive the increase in the unit price and the profitability of the shop; and the company's reduction in the performance of the test from the management system to the agent to untie or improve the quality of the end-of-service operation.
Figure 13: Europe’s “House for All” door shop works better Medium- and long-term logic: emphasis on optimized channels, with product and brand dimensions supporting growth (i) channel level: adherence to everyone’s strategy, tailoring operations to build barriers to competition
Core view: The company operates in a multichannel mode, with the distribution system at its core, focusing on the three main lines of consolidation, retailing, and retailing, which complement each other's strengths and are expected to contribute to medium- and long-term growth initiatives.
(b) Retail ownership: making the distributors operational, matching the consumer ' s one-stop demand, improving the shop upgrades and service systems on a continuous basis, or further promoting multi-product integration and efficient synergies. (c) Retail dressing: fast-tracking the layout, see that the “abc” model takes full advantage of the multiplicity of firms, dealers, and assemblers, creating efficient integration and complementarity of resources.
In terms of the channel structure, the company is supported by major businesses, direct shops and exports, and the power suppliers are empowered. 1) Distributors: 2024q1-q3 distributors earn $10,393 million (-18.90 per cent), contributing nearly 80 per cent of the principal business income; Māori Matrix, content operations, etc., in the form of customers, with an increase of 10 per cent + in online business; centralized power suppliers enhance short videos and live broadcasts, etc.
We believe that the stability of the distribution model, combined with the power channel attractions, is expected to create a virtuous circle of online +-underline co-development, leading to a continuous increase in the efficiency of branding.
The three main lines of integration, retailing, and retailing complement each other, creating an efficient distribution and distribution system. 1) The whole setup was first launched in 2018, with the middle- and high-end “European” + high-end “Ponist” brands operating directly with the European headquarters.
Business agreements for agency distribution cooperation. 2) Retailing: introduced in 2022, new or upgraded one-stop shops to meet consumer one-stop shopping and fit-out needs, extending the distributioner of the old system from the product to the fit-out. 3) Retail dressing: “abc” (suppliers, service providers, large customers) in three modes of cooperation, making full use of the advantages of marketing and loading companies. In our view, three models are available.
Europe’s headquarters, local distributors, and assemblers are fully coordinated, working together in a flexible and efficient manner, while optimizing the efficiency of the supply chain, so that the full-chain value extension from product to service is now expected to drive business growth together.
At the end of the industry: the penetration rate of the whole suit has gradually increased, or is an important evolutionary direction for the domestic industry. 1) Industry size and space: according to the Ovi Clouds Network, the size of China ' s dress market rose from 5.277,000 sets (24.9% penetration rate) in 2021 to 7.268,000 sets (31.2% penetration rate) in 2023 and is expected to reach 8.893,000 sets (48.2% penetration rate) in 2025. 2) Horizontal contrast between channels: supply of the whole
Artificial + master material + soft process one-stop service with advantages in saving consumer time costs and presenting uniform design effects. 3) Demand side: From a consumer ' s perspective, the fashion model is becoming more mainstream, according to the shell study, 23.86% in 2023. Consumers choose the fit model, and the higher the city ' s ability, the better the fit is, and more than half of Beijing ' s housing consumers prefer it.
According to the Ere advisory report, high professionalism, time availability, wide range of alternative styles, individualization, etc. are the main drivers of consumers’ choice of assembly channels. We believe that the future home-dressing industry is expected to evolve further towards an integrated, process-wide service model, with the consumer’s desire for quality, with a combination of professional, convenient and other advantages.
Figure 20: More than half of the housing consumers in Beijing prefer to build up their houses in a way that looks at the development of the built-up track, with many head households actively entering the business.
In 2014, the company introduced the concept of housekeeping, and in 2018 organized a whole custom-made ecological chain in collaboration with the head-loading company. In that context, the Euro-based home, with a different branding layout, continued to be optimized, Sofia proposed a development path for "base-plus custom-made = fit-out," and the Chi-Bong family proposed a "space-wide efficient fit-up" solution and a "house-wide" solution.
The concept of “integrated” business, whereby heads of enterprise are motivated by their pre-existing operational advantages, and actively engages in high-potential assembly channels. We judge that Europe’s home based on product + channel + brand advantage, or has a leading position in the area of plastics, is expected to benefit from the sector’s growth dividend on a short-term basis, given the high barriers to industry-channel development and professional capacity-building.
At the corporate level: Europa+Phones are two-wheel drive, and the whole business is growing. 1) Brand positioning: the main European brand is oriented towards a wider range of consumers, covering value for money + medium-end markets; Ponise is removed from the Starhouse, positioning high end, providing integrated services such as design, materials, procurement, etc., and is more profitable. 2) Channel comparison: the household sector is characterized by local post-natal cycle attributes.
Faced with the pressure of demand, the company continues to perform well, with 2024h1 revenues equal to +8.7 per cent) the size of its operations: the Europeans introduced the whole housekeeping model in 2018, with a complete billing performance of more than 350 million yuan and a sales performance of nearly 100 million yuan a year, and with the rapid growth of their operations, in 2021 the company built up a factory bill of 2.4 billion yuan, with 2023q1-q3 being large.
Household income amounted to about $2.2 billion. We believe that the company's cleaning business is showing a brighter performance, and that the two brands are expected to pull up the whole lot, retailing the whole lot, retailing the whole lot, upgrading the pattern of retailing, and clear transformation paths for distributors, expecting efficiency gains to boost profit growth.
The company’s original monolithic or distributors are dynamic, allowing them to continue to gain flow, raise the billing and billing costs, and the company’s members help the distributors to perform retail household operations. The model is dominated by the company’s existing distributors, building or upgrading the existing single-port shop, including on the streets, commercial complexes, selling the company’s branded full-scale household products, and integrating them into the fit-out, decorating and plumbing.
At the end of the year, there were 36 + 24/-55/+80, respectively, and some branded shops were reduced but either more efficient or more efficient; as of 2024h1, the number of retail outlets was over 850, an increase of over 200 from the beginning of the year. We believe that, looking ahead, the growth potential of retail outlets is expected to be further released, with the company’s strategy or focus on: 1) line
Underline integration: comprehensive upgrading of access to clients in response to the trend of fragmentation of domestic consumer flows; 2) business-type integration: accelerating the integration of nuclear items, such as cooks and guards, and enhancing the one-stop purchase facilities of the portals; 3) upgrading of channels: further promoting the transformation of European retail outlets towards everyone's transformation into a flute, improving the efficiency and quality of services, and consolidating the competitive advantages of the outlets.
In 2022, the company created a model for co-operation in dressing, in which (a)a model: a traditional supplier model for the efficient use of dealers' resource integration and localization services.
(ii) Model c: Large client model, signed directly by the European headquarters with the loading company, to break the system of one-size-fits-all accommodation; model 3 b: service provider model, with a tripartite agreement between headquarters, distributors and loading companies to work together to achieve a more comprehensive complementarity of resources and to further enhance the breadth and depth of fit-out services.
At the marketing summit, the company joined up with a number of high-quality companies to launch the strategic layout of the “10 billion city” model bc. We believe that, under the zero sales model, the three sides complement each other and continue to break the barriers to distribution upwards.
(ii) At the end of the product: one product evolves to the whole house, multi-species income sizes lead, one product evolves to the whole house, and multi-brand layouts to meet multiple needs. From the whole cabinet business in 2014, to the gradual expansion to the areas of sanitary baths, wooden doors, closets, etc., there is a gradual transition from single-product customization to home-wide customization and home-made customization.
Multi-branded different layouts for different groups of products. In the whole custom business, the company systematically optimizes and upgrades the set of products.1 Product upgrades: from the entire custom package to 2.0. More emphasis is placed on matching individualized needs. 2) Price strategy optimization: emphasis is placed on the promotion of medium-price packages of $29,800 and $39,800 to cover a wider consumer population. 3) package
(iv) Flexible pricing: A home-wide custom-based unit-price strategy of $598 per square metre to reduce consumption thresholds. We believe that the corporate product matrix is rich, offering consumers solutions for diversified products, moving from one to the whole.
Figure 30: The company has a rich whole set of customized meals, and horizontally, the company leads the industry in many household cores, such as closets, cabinets, wooden doors, etc.
The furniture industry, which in 2023 earned hundreds of millions of dollars in the closets of Europa/Sophia/Shibang/Golden cabinets/Haleis, was relatively large in the main category of household goods. Focused on Europa, the closet business has been catching up with cabinets since 2021, and (iii) supply chain: active promotion of large supply chain reform, enhanced competitiveness of the Quasi Platform
Building a one-stop backbone supply chain platform, “Eurasian excellent materials”, with evolving supply chain capabilities. In 2021, the company launched an excellent supply chain platform that integrates high-quality supply chain resources for the refurbishment of the main feeder materials, mainly for plastics and home-dressing companies, further broadens the content of product cooperation and minimizes the difficulty of obtaining increased customer flows. As of 14 January 2025, the platform’s online channels were linked to 37.
In our view, Europe’s strong supply chain and warehousing logistics capabilities provide the basis for the creation and operation of the “European elite” and the “European elite” as a marketing platform can also contribute to the upgrading of the supply chain, creating a virtuous circle.
In 2024, the company pointed out the launch of a major supply chain system reform to reconfigure its integrated procurement business system to achieve full chain-to-end connectivity, telecommunications connectivity, process monitoring and early warning, and to enhance overall business efficiency through a multidimensional approach to reducing efficiency gains.
The Division launched the strategy of Europa 2025 to integrate the Internet, big data and the manufacturing capacity of the ai factory into the era of the ai factory. In terms of efficiency of production, the Europaai factory produces an average of 500,000 units per day, with 20 seconds to complete the production of a custom set of furniture, effectively reducing the life cycle and thus increasing the turnover of stocks. We believe that the large supply chain system is constantly being optimized, and companies are stable and high in the supply of raw materials.
Quality procurement, end-to-end efficient transport, etc., are expected to continue to dominate. The digitalization and intellectual capacity of the five major smart production bases will continue to grow, and it is expected that enabling companies will achieve efficient synergy and precision control of production processes and support the efficient production of high-quality products.
Figure 33: Europa entering the era of the ai factory (iv) brand marketing: the image of the spokesperson is highly compatible, diversity marketing is dynamic, brand spokespersons are highly fit for the concept of “home”, and p marketing is more commercially sensitive. 1) Branding advocacy: 2015-2022
The company has chosen Sun Xiao as its spokesperson for the Europa family, successful career plus happy family image, 2023, and the official has become the global voice for the Euro Quaker brand, and has launched the lead film "The Dream of the House" in which he was personally involved.