The Bulls Group (603195) light manufacturing. The core group is well established, further strengthening its channel advantage, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: in 2019, the company achieved business income of 10.4 billion yuan, an increase of 10.8 per cent in the same year; the net profit of 2.3 billion yuan, an increase of 37.4 per cent in the same year; net profit of 2.22 billion yuan after deduction, an increase of 42.9 per cent in the same year; revenue of 2.51 billion yuan, an increase of 0.1 per cent in the same year of q4; net profit of 550 million yuan, a decrease in the same year of the same year
3.5 per cent; net profit after deduction was 500 million yuan, a decrease of 5.9 per cent in the same year; performance grew steadily throughout the year and the quality of business was good. In 2020, q1, the company achieved business income of 1.38 billion yuan, a decline of 38 per cent in the same year, and net profit after deductions of $170 million, a decrease of 57.7 per cent/48.2 per cent in the same year.
The impact was a decline in the company’s end-lines and a fall in performance in the first quarter; as the epidemic was brought under control, the volume was expected to grow gradually, leading to an upswing in performance. The statements were of good quality and cost controls were in place.
4.7 pp, of which the converter ' s Māori rate was 38.3 per cent, an increase of 5 pp over the same period last year, mainly benefiting from the reduction in direct copper and pc prices, reducing production costs; wall switches plugs/led lighting/digital fittings achieving Māori ratio of 51.7 per cent/35.1 per cent/24.7 per cent, with an increase of 4.9 pp/5.7 pp/2.2 pp, respectively, as sales are increased
In the reporting period, the corporate cost was 14.8 per cent, a decrease of 1.2 pp over the same period; the sales rate was 7.2 per cent, a decrease of 1 pp over the same period; the management and R & D cost rate remained stable at 3.4 pp, a decline in income and partial rigidity; and the financial rate was reversed from positive to negative (-0.6 per cent),
The same-year decline of 0.7 pp is due mainly to the increase in the number of callable deposits and large deposits. The Māori ratio is stronger than last year’s market niches with converters and walls, and the growth of led, digital accessories products is rapid. By category, the company’s core business converter achieved $5.05 billion in 2019, an increase of 4.2% compared to the current domestic shift.
The swap market has reached a stage of mature development, and the company's sales performance as a leading business is expected to increase by 15% over the same period last year. The Bulls Group (603195): The King's position is hard to shake, maintaining steady growth.
During the reporting period, the company continued to strengthen the branding of the switch "designation" while accelerating the intellectual upgrading of the product, and the implementation of these strategies will drive steady growth in corporate walls and provide continued escort for the company's industry leadership. Led lighting generated revenues of 980 million yuan, an increase of 32.8 per cent compared to the previous year.
The smart appliance industry is at an opportunity to further develop and upgrade its lighting from traditional lighting to led, and to use the established channels to open markets and boost the marketing of its products. Digital accessories, as a company’s emerging business, now earn $360 million, a 24.8% increase.
In 2019, companies continued to strengthen their channel advantages through micro-innovation and fine-tuning of their management, making full use of a million networks of multi-channel professional divisions and alliances.
During the reporting period, the company stepped up the development of the converter ' s hardware canals, increased the efficiency and output of single shops, and facilitated the development of supermarkets, unit engineering outlets throughout the country, and continuously optimized the terminal structure; and continued to improve its operations in the countryside with regard to walls.
The distribution of high-value products in the town market; and in the light industry, with the synergy of the hardware, professional and building materials channels, the successful opening of nearly 50,000 lighting outlets, the creation of 32,000 new shops, and the comprehensive upgrading of lighting outlets to create more than 8,000 shops and consumerization.
Empirical shopping creates new channels for the development of house-wide lighting. At the same time, the company has expanded its tob channel to work strategically with a number of large real estate companies, such as the Creative Group, the Goldfield Group, and in the field of embedded products, with companies such as Sofia, Europa, Quaker Houses.
Through differentiated management and precision, the promotion of marketing efficiency and the promotion of co-optimal development of the entire product category has been promoted, and in 2019, the market for both the company converters and the wall switches and the two-class Skycats were ranked first, with 65.3 per cent and 28.1 per cent respectively, and the leadership position has been further strengthened.
Assumption 1: The rate of growth in the converter industry will be maintained at 5 per cent per annum over the next three years, with companies increasing at rates similar to those in the industry; Assumption 2: The prices of the company's raw materials will remain stable, the share of new products will rise gradually, and no compensation will be obtained, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, as the Māori rate of new products continues to climb.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.