New products are gaining momentum and the epidemic is on its long-term trend - 603195 Bulls Group annual report and a quarterly review - The Bulls Group issued its annual report 2019 and its first quarterly report 2020.
100.4 billion yuan, or +10.76 per cent; net return to the mother 2,304 million yuan, or +37.38 per cent. Business income in the first quarter of 2020 was 1.380 billion yuan, or 37.96 per cent; net profit to the mother was $170 million, or 57.68 per cent.
In 2019, the company converted, walled, led lighting and digital fittings operations increased revenue by 4.2 per cent, 14.7 per cent, 32.8 per cent and 28.4 per cent, respectively, and built deep branded moats through converters and walls, with a strong brand pull and a comprehensive network layout that led to the rapid growth of new operations, such as lighting and digital accessories, and the expansion of support company maps.
Subtracting efficiency gains and structural optimization +5pct. Cost during high-efficiency marketing of ads -1pct \triangleright bulls achieved a Māori ratio of 41.4% in 2019, compared to +4.7pt. On the one hand, companies have input belts in flexible automated production.
Improved productivity: On the other hand, research and development innovations are constantly being promoted to optimize the structure of high-end new product pulls through safety plugs, decorating switches, etc. In 2019, the cost for the company was 14.7 per cent, compared to 1.2 pct, mainly due to advertising fees of the same proportion - 72.9 per cent, and the company ' s marketing efficiency was greatly enhanced by advertising outlets such as front shops.
The impact of the epidemic has not changed over the long term, and the electrician has come to the fore, and despite the impact of the epidemic, the decline in highly relevant operations, such as the opening of walls and lighting, the company has maintained a steady increase in the Māori rate compared to +0.5 ptt. The data has been reheated since March.
Equity incentives stimulate growth dynamics, taking into account the company’s leadership in channel layout, strong brands, and a deep moat of space for new products.
Industry competition has increased and property completion has not recovered as expected. A summary of corporate financial statement data projections. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and assurance that the data used in reporting are from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,