The annual report was beautiful, the equity incentive came down, the epidemic had short-term effects on sales, and the research assistant, Chai Ka Fai, had a beautiful annual report, with an increase of 10.8 per cent in revenue and a 37.4 per cent increase in net return to the mother, with a significant improvement in the Māori rate.
In 2019, the Māori rate was 41.41%, compared to +4.78pt. Long business closures led to a larger profit recovery, but the impact of the epidemic was more reflected in demand delays than cancellations, owing to the rigid demand for civilian electric power products.
New products such as home-grown box plugs, mini-column plugs, wall-opening new product lines are expected to continue to improve product structure, raise unit prices, and maintain robust growth.  Lighting, digital accessories, dependent on “visit sales” channels, continue to grow in capacity to expand low-pressure appliances, baths, etc.
In 19 years, 984 million dollars were spent on lighting, compared to 32.7%, and the Māori rate rose by 5.8 pc. The hardware channel and the professional circuit of the wall-based switchboard for lighting products is growing rapidly and is still large: digital accessories are built on the bull's “visit sales” channel, and they quickly go to mobile phone shops and shops.
In addition, new products, such as bathhouses and low-pressure appliances, are being introduced to create long-term growth dynamics.
It's been 19 years since the company set up a big customer centre, electrician's ace, product expansion and re-launching.
In addition to actively expanding overseas markets, accelerating the global layout, and increasing the growth of major players. Equity incentives and stock-holding schemes are on the ground. Companies are launching a 2020 equity incentive programme and special talent-holdings.
The scheme, in which equity incentives cover the company’s executives and core cadres, totals 452 persons; the special stockholding scheme planning fund amounts to 50 million yuan, with the participation of special core talent from companies that have a significant role and influence on the company’s overall performance and its medium- and long-term development.
Not less than the average of the previous three years, and with the individual rating, the focus is on individual appraisals, the threshold for movement is low, core talent interests are tied, and positive signals are released. 19 years of excellent performance, with an increase of 10.8% in revenue and an increase of 37.4% in net return to the mother, and a significant improvement in the Maori rate.
The Department issued its annual report for 2019, which achieved business income of $10.40 billion over the reporting period, an increase of 10.76 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $2.304 billion for the parent company, an increase of 37.38 per cent over the same period. Of that amount, 2,519q4 million was earned as operating income, an increase of 0.08 per cent over the same period; a net profit of $551 million for the parent company was realized, a decrease of 3.54 per cent over the same period.
In addition, the impact of the epidemic has been more delayed due to the rigid demand for civilian electric power products. In 2001, 57.2 million silo losses were incurred, mainly due to the company ' s hedging of raw materials, q1 as a result of falling commodity prices, and the company ' s consideration of risk control and timely risk containment.
The converter and the wall have consolidated its advantages and optimized its product structure to open the future space. In 19 years, the converter sold $5.05 billion, to 51.6% of its products, with new products such as home-based box plugs and multinational travel converters, has been patented for many inventions, many of which have won prizes for German designs such as f, idea, etc., and the wall switch has continued to be enhanced for “decading”.
Brand positioning, deepening the layout of smart products, combining large panels, colour trends, and the development of the g25 board series, g12 series, g28 gray, g07 black, etc., while continuing to open tob ends. The 19-year converter and wall-opening products, with 65% and 28% respectively, are in first place, with the wall-opening product market being rapidly mentioned.
The future product is expected to continue to evolve, with smart owners receiving box plugs, mini-column plugs, wall-opening new product series lighting, digital accessories dependent on “visiting” channels and expanding product groups such as low-pressure appliances, bathhouses, etc., earning 984 million dollars in 19 years, compared to 32.7%, and the Māori rate increasing by 5.8 pct to 35.1%; digital matching.
With income of $356 million, or +28.4 per cent, the Maori rate rose by 2.3 pct to 24.7 per cent, and there was a rapid development of the hardware channel for light products and the professional channels for wall-opening operations, which are still large; the digital component was built on the bull's “visit sales” channel, building up its network quickly through mobile phone shops, convenience stores, etc., and achieving the advantage of 150,000 points over two years.
In addition, in 19 years, the bulls launched a new embedded bathhouse and set up a low-pressure appliance subsidiary, rolled out circuit breaker products, expanded their products, built long-term growth, expanded their large customers and overseas markets, and built up a large customer centre, created specialized businesses.
Business teams expand large client markets, such as engineering, to create stable partnerships with leading companies, such as conglomerates, goldfields, and space-friendly top-up companies, while building convenience stores, professional channels, etc. The companies are also active in expanding overseas markets, accelerating the global layout and increasing the growth of the enabling industries.
Equity incentives and equity-holding schemes are on the ground. Companies publish a 2020 equity incentive programme and a special talent-holding scheme, in which equity incentives are proposed to be awarded to a total stock of 62.89 million shares, or 0.1%, covering corporate executives, core cadres, overall performance, and special core talent in companies whose medium- and long-term development has an important role and impact. Stock-locking conditions are income, and stock-locking conditions are set.
Profit is not less than the average of the previous three years, and the individual appraisals meet the criteria, with a focus on individual appraisals, a lower threshold for mobility, and companies are actively using capital market instruments to bind core talent interests and release positive signals. Cost falls over 19 years, 20q1 falls, and the cost increases are small.
Cash flow was robust in 19 years. Net cash flows from operating activities in 2019 amounted to $2,297 million, an increase of 20.27 per cent in the same year: $11,464 million in cash was received for sales of commodities, an increase of 10.08 per cent in the same year. Advances received at the end of the period amounted to $130 million, an increase of $0.05 million compared to the beginning of the year. Accounts receivable at the end of the period amounted to $197 million, a decrease of $.14 million compared to the beginning of the period, and the number of working days of accounts receivable increased.
100 million yuan to 866 million yuan; receivables decreased from the beginning of the period - 14 million yuan to 183 million yuan.