The information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment, the high-intensity of special operations, the new growth of car-borne chips and 5g supersims, a small drop in annual harvests, mainly after the Xian purple core came out and the storage business was cut off.
The company seizes the strategic opportunities of industry development and promotes the rapid growth of its core business, in which the special integrated circuit business has grown by more than 50% year-on-year, and the annual output of the smart security chip has reached an all-time high, showing good growth.
On April 8, the company signed a strategic partnership agreement with the China Center for Autotech Research on automobile chips.
Both sides will work together on the innovation and application of front-line technology in the area of car chips.
The chip market, the layout of the car-borne control chip, is expected to break the foreign manufacturer’s monopoly in this area, with the highest/minimum 12 months’ worth of car-borne chip grabs leading up to national production.
The pilot phase is already under way, and the vehicle-car control chip is being developed closely.
The China Design Achievement Award is the most professional and influential technology in the Chinese electronics industry - 2020/07/15.
It's one of the prizes. It's one of the top ten Chinac Design Corporations, representing its design.
Long-term value, good corporate value focus chip cards meet the storage needs of the 5g age user index level growth with maximum 256gb capacity, area - 2020/07/09
It has now been fully marketed with the support of three major operators, covering the entire channel, and has landed in dozens of provinces and cities in the North Purple (002049), 5g Super Sim Kyoto, Guangdong, Sichuan, Heilongjiang and Jiangsu, bringing company revenues.
The card is going well, and 2020q1 is building up a year-long surge in new energy. As the 5g switch comes, the 5g super Simka will have a bigger development space.
Investment proposal: we predict that the company's business growth will be rapid in 2021, with income rising by more than 5 per cent of the overall level of pacificsecurities soup;
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.