The U.S.U.S.S.A. has continued to expand its new business on smart security chips, with a rapid growth of specialic, a significant increase in profitability, and a high growth of h1 performance. The company achieved $3.27 billion in 2020.
By the same token, 4.67 per cent less than the same year, mainly affected by the Xian purple core, with the combined range being changed by 26.38 per cent more than the same caliber harvest. By the end of the product, the smart safety chip in 2020 was 1.363 billion yuan, an increase of 3.13 per cent, and the special integrated circuit camp was 1,673 million yuan.
This represents an increase of 55.03 per cent in the same year; the storage chip business, 11.11 million yuan, a decline of 3.82 per cent in the same year; and the crystals, 197 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 16.85 per cent in the same year. The Māori rate, the company ' s combined Māori rate in 2020, was 52.33 per cent, an increase of 16.55 percentage points in the same year.
The company expects 2021h1 to return to the parent net profit zone with a steady increase in micro-intelligent chip operations, with new areas of expansion injected into a new growth point. In 2020, the public and private smart chip business was at an all-time high, with new operations based on smart security chips.
Rapid growth. High-end sim card markets abroad have continued to grow significantly, becoming the only China connection chip supplier for small capacity Esim, with 70 million Esim crystals in the first candidate ' s winning bid; super sim card operations cover 17 provinces across the country, with more than 30 provinces.
Level-level operators cooperate; Car Code safety chip programs have been imported into many well-known car companies, and vehicle-car control chip development and industrialization projects have been initiated. Specialic operations are growing rapidly, and mainstream mature products are becoming more competitive.
ic Rapid growth in operations, with multiple special microprocessors entering embedded specialized applications; special fpga gaining a higher municipal presence in the country, with a new generation of high-capacity fpga batch applications based on 2 x nanometers; a new generation of sopc chips completing sample testing; and a wide range of production from special storage units
In the area of modelling, the market share of special switches, special linear power sources, special power source monitoring, etc., continues to be based on the market price collected on 7 May 2021.
Expanding, Special Modelling, Special Isolation Devices, etc. Rapidly pushing to the market.
The industry is in a state of decline and the production capacity is not being supplied as expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations