The information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment Super Simcard gets a big order, or it's a 5-g-era "super" security entrance.
Sim cards with a view to further Internet transformation; as early as the end of 2020, China moved on the basis of a super Sim card, working with China's Transport and Communications Information Centre to introduce applications such as "and packs" and connectivity in nearly 300 cities.
Supersimca enablers resist Internet competition, and market openings are promising. Network competition is increasing, and ordinary sim cards with less than 512k storage capacity are no longer able to adapt to the growing demand for the Internet, so operators must accelerate the transformation of the Internet and turn the focus around.
The core value points of the new-era information industry chain, such as portals, clouds, platforms, and content. 5g supersim cards are precisely one of the most powerful tools for operators to resist Internet competition and reduce customer loss.
5 billion, in dividend period, with great potential in the supersimka market; the supersim card is now available in Uzbekistan, covering 17 provinces, 30 provincial operators, and total equity/flow (millions of shares)
It has been fitted to 168 terminals, combining $111.4 million in procurement intentions, the total market value/flow (millions) of Super Sim card requirements has been rapidly increased, and the 5g Super Sim card volume is on-line.
Super-sim card business models are strong and may be running trademarks in the future. Client level: Super-sim card solves the marketing problem of a operator who can't pre-storage a phone, operator Purple Light (002049) has a high growth in business lines.
This card can be given to consumers as a gift to increase customer stickyness; operating income level: operating a high-quality card and working to create a “smart core” where supersim can be pre-positioned to a cooperative app and charged a fee for it;
World -- 2021/05/06 Platform level: Operators bind supersim cards and their own cloud platforms to local storage and Special Operations high scene (002049)
Cloud storage, which facilitates the local extension of cloud services from private to public cloud; privacy, super-expected, vehicle chip and 5g supersim: super Simcard is financially secure and will be authenticated through encrypted data access
Help New Growth - 2021/04/16 Interacting information with its applications and saving users from multiple problems of identification.
In the field of deep-farming smart security chips, corporate design is strong. At the operational level, companies are expected to increase the price of chips, pre-empting advantage in the area of esim, focusing on the area of smart security chips for many years, with a stable market share in the country and second in the world in 2020.
At the technical level, the sim card chip has undergone six product overlaps, and R & D has reached global leadership. At present, the company's super Sim card is full-scale.
2g/3g/4g/5g network, with 32g/64g/128g/256g capacity (exceeding the normal sim card) and with an outstanding design capability using a security-certified financial-class security chip sogiscceal6+.c At the cooperative level, 5g supersim cards were released in 2019 in cooperation with China Connect.
The following year, together with the National Shield Quantum and China Telecom, they build the quantum safety supersim card, with product power in many areas and multi-area layouts, and the chip taps continue to benefit. The company has now formed a regional situation dominated by the domestic market, with a horizontal blow to foreign markets. 1) At home: the company's supersim
The Ka operation, which covers three major operators: mobile, telecommunications and connectivity, has been set up in 17 provinces and municipalities, including Beijing, Guangdong, Sichuan, Heilongjiang and Jiangsu; 2) abroad: on 12 May, the company worked with Uzbekistan ' s telecommunications operator, ums, to officially launch the super Sim.
Application landscape layout: as domestic operators start up on-line plus sub-line Sim functions, product value added increases and incremental market dynamics are formed; companies are expected to give priority to new and emerging areas such as 5g communications, automobiles, 3c electronics, etc.
Investment proposal: Uttar Pradesh is the lead in a special chip, and orders are expected to grow rapidly. In the same time, super Sim’s fast-disbursing operations forecast the company’s net return profits in 2021-2023.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.