Business lines with a high growth of new items and a high card-pointing effort to create a “smart core” of the world: the company published a quarterly report in 2021, which generated operating income of $952 million, compared to the previous year.
The company’s 2021q1 crop and net profit continue to grow at a high rate. On the one hand, the business landscape continues, downstream demand thrives, and the core business special integrated circuits continue to contribute steady profits; on the other hand, the disease continues to plague.
The q1 combined Māori rate is 54%. Upgraded from 2020. Stick to the field of deep-deep chip design, and push for innovative applications based on smart chips.
The company's “super-finance core” applies to many applications in the financial field and has developed a multi-equity/flow (millions of shares) digital currency “electronic wallet” application chip and program to lead the new direction of the financial payment market.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) Super car core safety chip programme has been imported into a large number of well-known car enterprises, accelerating landings up to 12 months/minimum in yuan.
The company's super-sim core helped the operator to start a new business in the 5g era, covering 20 provinces and cities across the country.
Performance predicts that special integrated circuit operations are growing beyond the reach of transferable claims and continue to consolidate the core competitiveness of high-end safety chips.
Anticipated - 2020/07/15 Debtable Application approved by the CSRC on 19 April. Funds raised for 3 projects.
A project for the development and industrialization of new high-end safety chips is designed to develop high-end high-capacity safety chips for long-term value, high-value corporate value focus chips, high-performance safety chips for the 5g network v2x, and large-capacity safety chips for the 5g multi-applications.
Area - 2020/07/09 Safe chip product, ensuring technological excellence of companies. "Carboard control chip development and production of purple light micros (002049) 5g Super Sim
Industrialization project to upgrade the domestic vehicle control chip card through the development of a car control chip. 2020q1 to build a year-long high level of digitization, intelligence, network connectivity, and to drive key technology and industry to the ground.
Long - 2020/04/02 Investment Proposal: We predict a rapid growth in corporate business in 2021 with an increase in income of more than 5 per cent in the overall level of pacificsecurities soup;
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report