The latest investment earnings promotion company guidelines for 2017 are higher than expected, and the updated revenue forecast for 2017, released by the public media today, is RMB 5.95 billion - RMB 6.05 billion, higher than our previous projection of RMB 5.6 billion, as a result of the company's transfer of Shanghai stock.
Some shares in TIT Ltd. generate $710 million in pre-tax investment earnings (after taxes, $530 million). In this report, we look at in detail how the business model of “equity swaps” in the public media has worked, while the latest deal has been reduced.
Corporate guarantees and credit exposure. Taking into account the latest projections, we'll split the RMB 100 million investment in 2016 to buy 70% of the stock. In November 2017, the company sold 12.9% of the RMB 120 million to three investors.
After the deal, the media held 42% of the share in the stock market and confirmed the fair value of the remaining shareholdings. The company announcement showed that the pre-tax investment return on the deal was.
As a result of this transfer of equity, the public media have recovered the initial investment in logarithm technology and still hold 42% of the shares. Based on the latest trading value, the implicit value of the stock of the technology is 930 million dollars, and the public media have provided the company with a cumulative value.
A loan guarantee of $1.8 billion. The maximum loan guarantee of 1.5 billion yuan for the separate media after the reduction of technology. The company has also agreed to provide up to 550 million yuan in loans at a one-year base rate.
Other shareholders are likely to be supported on the basis of their shareholding ratios. 002027.sz has coverage relative to Asia (excluding Japan) 002027.sz versus the a-share media.
We believe that the sale of scavengers reduces the potential risks to the media by providing them with guarantees and credit, and that if the media were to transfer the shares further, the risks would be further reduced (in line with the current strategy of the media, as detailed below).
Group media (002027.sz) income statement (rmmmn) Business model for resource swaps works.
Investments in cutting-edge technology show that the business model of “resource-for-equity” in the public media is beginning to work: companies invest in start-up businesses and use idle advertising resources to advertise them; after the start-up, the public media will lose their shares and realize the return on investment. Given that the current advertising coverage in the public media is only 50-60%.
Industry’s equity costs are discounted back to 2018. Given the company’s strong pricing capacity and the continuing warming of the advertising market, current growth has slowed; cinema advertising is weak in its bargaining power.
11 January 2018 (002027.sz) We, Liao Yu, cfa, Dai, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the above-mentioned companies or their securities. Moreover, no part of our salary has been paid.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. Then we rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two with a medium probability (15-30%) and three with a lower probability of representation.
Quantum quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison with gssustain between firms in different industries and markets
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well vis-à-vis their global counterparts over the long term, based on excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risk to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Liao Yinghua, cfa: a section of media, a section of food drinks. a share of food beverages: Gui Gon, Consort of the world, Yui River, Maotai of Guizhou, Jinzhou, Qing Qing Qing Qingqing, Shanxi, Sui Wei, Qing Island beer (a), 5 grain fluids. a share of media: Aufi Recreation, Light Media, Qaohua Line, Hua Weihu Na, Blue Lights, South China Media, Division Media, Guangguo of the province, Hua Soo Brothers, Mimax China, Phoenix Media, Orient Minju, Hand
In the past 12 months, Goldman Sachs has received a reward for investment banking services from the following companies: public media (rmb13.34).
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services over the next three months from the following companies: Divisional Media (rmb13.34) Goldman Sachs has an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Divisional Media (rmb13.34) Company rating, research industry and rating and related definitions
The distribution of buying and selling ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy or sell list, which changes the investment rating of those shares.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information does not make sense, because it is irrelevant.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Service.