The year-round net profit is in line with expectations, the growth of the q4 battalion continues to accelerate 1. The company issued a fast-tracked 2017 performance report. In 2017, the company achieved 12,021 million, a year-on-year increase.
In 2017, q4, the company achieved a revenue of 3,291 million, an increase of 23.2 per cent over the previous year, which was followed by an increase of q3. In 2017, q1-q4 registered a growth rate of 14.99 per cent in the company’s single quarter, and increased awareness of the advertising of buildings by advertisers in the advertising industry.
In the short term, the advertising industry has continued its warming trend, and the q1 far higher expectations are expected to lead to rapid growth in q1 performance in 2018. The company’s media resource upgrade is moving fast, and the frame poster has been upgraded from about 400 mmx600mm to a metal border of about 600mmx.
The new version of 800mm is expected to bring new levels of performance to the company. Media resources are upgraded with a better sensory shock, a higher probability of viewing, and therefore a certain increase in the price of advertisers.
In the medium-to-long term, the underline flow re-evaluation is expected to be accelerated. In 2017, q4, the Facebook rent increased by 47% in the same year, with the number of advertisements increasing by 4%, the average advertising price increasing by 43%.
q3 (35%) increases further. The price of advertising increases reasonably when the amount of advertising loads on the line is still relatively high. When the amount of advertising loads on the line is close to saturation, the channel attributes and competitive sales patterns of the high advertising on the line will significantly increase the price of advertising position exposure, which may well be the case.
Underline traffic will benefit, and the news media are expected to rise to the next peak. Business offers an irreplaceable value in advertising patterns; within the building’s media, companies are ahead.
A central barrier to competitive advantage has been built. In the context of the massive changes in the advertising industry, the trend in flow prices has accelerated, the current flow base of companies is stable and there is still significant room for growth, and we continue to look at the medium- and long-term potential of companies and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The growth momentum is strong, the dividends are strong, the rental costs are increasing faster, and the cinema media are becoming more competitive.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board