Hu Jia-jung, recording the return on investment in technology, revised its performance guidelines for the year to about $6 billion, mainly due to the transfer of some of the shares in technology and the introduction of strategic investors, which generated a net gain of 40 dollars.
As the country’s largest urban-life media network, the domestic media and cinemas have a favourable market for media advertisements, and companies’ performance is expected to grow steadily. Some equity interests and investment gains from the introduction of strategic investors have increased net profits.
The company announced in November that it would convert 120 million yuan to 12,9167% of its subsidiaries' share in technology, while Redwood, Sindha, and Noah would boost their share in technology by 350 million yuan. The company’s share in technology would be reduced to 41.99%, and it would no longer fit.
And report: Redwood, Sindha and Noah hold 13.86%, 11.78%, and 6.93% shares respectively. The deal was completed in December, yielding investment gains of about $710 million, which boosted the market for buildings, cinemas and advertising: ctr's data show that buildings and cinemas have continued to improve since 4017.
There was a marked increase in advertising speed, with elevator posters increasing by 37.3 per cent and 30.6 per cent in October and November respectively, elevator television by 28.3 per cent and 24.6 per cent, cinema video by 36.2 per cent and 25.6 per cent, respectively, and elevator posters, elevator television and cinema video advertising by the same rate in the first three quarters.
Not 14.5%, 19.8%, or 24.8%, have benefited from the "Twiss 11" and the end-of-year consumption season, with electricians such as Skycat, Kyundong, and Yoshin's used cars, melon's used cars, and Internet advertisers increasing their efforts to advertise buildings and cinemas.
The company, as the leading media player in the domestic life cycle, has a high profile for the benefit of the industry.cineresearchdept. expected remuneration (expectedreturn; er), as described below:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.