The media are the largest outside advertising media provider in the country and owns buildings.
The company was listed in July 2005 in NASDAQ in the United States (stock code fmcn), and in 2006 it established an absolute monopoly in the area of elevator media through the acquisition of mass media and framework media.
The company has an absolute monopoly in the advertising of buildings. The company’s building media business has an absolute monopoly in the country, forming a network of media outlets covering more than 290 cities throughout the country.
This includes more than 70 per cent of the market share of the framework media business, more than 95 per cent of the market share of the building ' s video media business; approximately 225,000 self-contained screen media, approximately 1,145 million self-employed framework media, and over 1610 cinema-contracted cinemas and over 10,600 screens.
Structural changes in the advertising media market have intensified, and the benefits of advertising in buildings have been significant. Since 2015, as the Internet continues to evolve, the advertising media sector is undergoing structural changes, traditional advertising levels, market shares are shrinking under the pressure of Internet marketing, and companies are located in buildings and cinemas.
The advertising market, because of its natural location, is a segmented media area where spending has increased by nearly 20% in recent years in a few cases. Moreover, companies, as industry leaders, have a strong market-setting and bargaining power that effectively captures the dominance of the industry market.
Since 2016, companies have invested in external participation, expanding the production of media.
The municipal white-collar financial management sector; the launch of the Sports Industry Fund, which invests in the companies Gollumapp and Wmeimg; the investment of $300 million in heroic sports and the testing of the water electronics industry; and the establishment of an industry fund of more than $3 billion to speed up the expansion of the biosphere.
Changes in the structure of the marketing industry, changes in industrial policy
Distribute the media.