q1 has strong performance resilience, and a steady high score highlights investment values, and q1 has strong performance and a stable high score highlights investment values.
(a) The company published a quarterly report in 2024, and in the first quarter of 2024 it achieved annual operating income of $87,650 million, or +0.7 per cent;
Increase in the price of coal operations reduced: company production of merchandise coal in the first quarter of 2024 was 81.3 million tons, i.e. + 1.5 per cent; coal sales were 117.1 million tons, i.e. + 8.8 per cent; home-grown coal sales were 80.3 million tons, i.e., + 1.1 per cent; and price combined averaged $573 tons, i.e., in the first quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023
7.7 per cent decrease due mainly to the fall in coal prices, with the average price of coal flattened at the power end of Qin Royal Island port in the first quarter of 2024 being 190.6 per ton of coal produced by the company in the first quarter of the year, or 12.5 per cent of the same, of which labour costs ranged from +106.3 per cent to 59 tons, due mainly to the lower base in the same period in 2023 and the reflection of labour costs in the current period
In addition, raw materials, fuel and power, repair costs, depreciation and amortization, and other costs are $364.8/megawatt-hours/megawatt-hours, respectively, in the first quarter of the year.
Progress, involving 10.7 million tonnes/year (by the end of 2022) and 10 billion tonnes/year of coal-mining capacity under construction by the National Energy Group, leaving over 1.3 billion tonnes of recoverable reserves, is expected to increase in size again. In addition, the company has obtained a mining licence for the first and second wells of the new street of the Temple of Taga, located in the New Street of Inner Mongolia.
From 5 million tonnes/year to 8 million tonnes/year, the National Mine Safety Inspectorate approved the increase, and coal mining applications, such as Li Jia Trung and Victory 1 Open Space Mine, moved forward in an orderly manner. There is a strong level of profitability, with a high proportion of red money expected to continue: the company, as the largest coal company in the country, benefits fully from the coal boom, downstream.
Coal and power growth performance is robust, stable and high-scoring, expansion of power generation can be effective in smoothing fluctuations, and a high proportion of coal companies are co-ordinated and expected to maintain stability, highlighting the value of investment - corporate information update report.
Under the company’s 2023 profit distribution program, the company intends to find gold and 75.2% gold dividends on all shareholders, always above the promised value. Against the background of the market value management requirements of the firm, we believe that the company has both the will to continue to make a high percentage of the dividends and the ability to make a steady profit, with a significant long-term investment value.
Coal & Power Growth & Improved Performance, High Scores and Shareholders