Increased profitability of non-coal businesses and strong integration advantages Incident: On April 26, 2024, the Chinese dynasty published its first report in 2024. First quarter of 2024, the Chinese dynasty (601088)
Coal plate: Slightly increased sales prices and cost-side increases led to a fall in profits The company achieved an increase in coal production of 81.3 million tons in the first quarter of 2024, a 1.5% increase in the same year, and a 7.5 pc decrease in coal sales in the same year.
This represents a 1.4 per cent decrease; the monthly CITA price is 737 yuan/tonne, a 17.3 per cent decrease in the same year; the average sale price of coal is 573 yuan/tonne, a 7.7 per cent decrease in the same year; and the high proportion effectively smooths the fluctuations in the price of coal.
The lower base for the same period in the previous year, and the significant increase in labour costs (+106.3 per cent) due to progress in the first quarter of 2024, a decrease in the progress of some well-drilling mines and an increase in profits due to the increase in the volume of electricity distributed
\triangleright 2024 q1 achieved total electricity generation of 55.35 billion kWh in 2024, an increase of 7.0 per cent in the same year, total electricity sales, average domestic coal-fired electricity use of 1,254 hours, a decrease of 3.1 per cent in the same year, and coal combustion
The electricity price was RMB 406/MW, a 2.4 per cent decrease in the same year, and the installed capacity was 44801 MW, an increase from the additional photovoltaic capacity of 87 MW and the additional coal-fired capacity of 80 MW. Despite the fall in the price of electricity, the volume of electricity distributed increased the operating income of the power plate to $2475 million.
Dollars, 5.3 per cent increase in the same year; total profit realized of $3.188 billion, 11.1 per cent increase in the same year; Māori ratio Transport and Coalized Industrial Blocks: Increase in profit from transport port operations: Increase in revenue earned by the q1 company railway branch in 2024, 5.9 per cent increase in the same year, with higher operating costs
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. Cost side drops by 4.5 per cent year-on-year, resulting in a 15.3 per cent increase in total profit on year-on-year basis; shipping branch operating income cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
The increase of 7.4 per cent in the same year resulted in a sharp increase in the total profit level of 121.7 per cent; the Coal Chemicals branch, operating income.
On March 22, \triangleright, a mining licence has been obtained for the new targes of the temple mine in Inner Mongolia, which are important for the continued development of the company’s coal resources.
The mining rights of the first mine and the Harusu open-air mine have been changed and new mining licences have been obtained.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We believe that along with the marginal improvement in demand as a result of the stimulus policy, coal \triangleright carbon prices are expected to remain medium-high; while electricity consumption continues to increase throughout the society and corporate electricity prices continue to rise
The upward trend is expected to continue, supporting a steady increase in profitability. The high corporate-presidential ratio and the integrated transport industry make business performance more certain, cash increment, high-dimension properties, and future investment prices more visible. We expect the company to achieve a net return profit in 2024-2026.
\triangleright Uncertainty in the policies of the coal and electricity-related industries; accident of safe production in coal mines, etc.
Member of the Board of Experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and conducted research and research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey Development, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice on hundreds of topics, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
From 2019 to the present, he is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Nanjing University of Finance, and formerly researched large energy plates such as the Economics of Securities and Gas.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of the Second Sub-Society of the China Coal Industry Group. He worked for many years in coal mining, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in vanity, applied research in proposed power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, Xinxuan, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, in coal.
Wu Bojing, Master of Industrial Economics, University of Jilin, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal industry. Lee, cpa, Master of Accounting, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, joined the Sindhar Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022 for research in the coal industry. Li Dung, Master of Science, University of Southern California, joined the Sindhar Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry.
Tang Jiayu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2023 for research on natural gas and electricity, Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research on coal.
This report is prepared and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, and provides support and reference for investment decisions for this category of customers. Both parties have strict rights and obligations.
The client should recognize that the present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but that the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only those of the date of the original presentation of the present report.
It should not serve as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.