q3 performance rating 2023: performance maintained strong growth, 02 November 2023 Keyword: #new products, new technologies, new clients# performance meets expectations
Events: The company ' s three-quarterly report in 2023 maintained a strong growth in performance, and the Māori rate continued to rise: in January-September 2023, the company achieved a revenue of $43.02 billion, an increase of 19.4 per cent over the same period and a net profit of $3.88 billion to the mother, an increase of 72.0 per cent over the same period.
The non-returning net profit is 1.73 billion yuan, an increase of 190 per cent in the same year. The 23q3 season harvests and net profits have continued to rise, and the return of the return net profit has escalated since the first positive year-on-year growth in almost six quarters, with the total volume of goods delivered and sales revenue increasing; and the company relies on the "ai+" technology.
By taking advantage of the company’s overseas channels, it continues to strengthen the market position of the core region and the country. In terms of profit, it benefits from product structural upgrading and cost optimization, with a q3 Māori ratio of 25.2% and a ring growth rate of 7.9 ptt.
▪ Multi-brand development in conjunction with new markets and a long-term growth curve in a diversified layout: companies adopt a multi-product, differentiated positioning and operating strategy that promotes the development of extended goods such as electricity, digital accessories and mobile Internet operations through the mobile phone industry's leading mouthpieces in emerging markets, and diversifys commercial ecology
Models have been initially shaped. 1) Companies continue their multi-brand development strategy in digital accessories, household appliances, actively implement diversified strategic layouts through localization of eco-models such as smart hardware, and expand new categories of smart hardware to meet the needs of consumers in emerging markets; 2) mobile Internet industry
On the other hand, companies are actively developing and incubating mobile Internet products in cooperation with many of the leading Internet companies in the country, such as Cyber Easy, Telecom and others, in such fields as music, integrated content distribution, news syndication and other applications.
Performance forecast assessment: three-quarters of continuous performance: to develop deep-cultivated voice multimodel technology to create a full-scale intelligent interactive experience: corporate voice recognition, climbing, initiatives to enhance dynamic development.
The semantic understanding, speech synthesis, natural language processing, knowledge mapping, etc. have developed their own ai-low-sounding technical capabilities, built up the advantage of small-language voice data and made a major breakthrough in multi-language voice assistants, digitals, voice forgery detection techniques, and the company has also adopted “ai-plus”
Audio Holdings (688036): "Typists" technology enabling multiple scenes in 2023, advancing the research and application of ai voice technology, building this report performance rating: smart machine operations fast-tracked
Geo-intelligent interactive experiences. The ai technology opens up more room for companies to grow, and the profitability is expected, and the diversity of the layout leads to long-term growth opportunities, and the profitability prediction and investment rating: we look at the rapid growth of the company's mobile phone business and the product structure.
The continuous upgrading has resulted in increased profitability, maintaining a 23-25-year profit forecast, respectively, that Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has become eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.