2023 q3 performance forecast: 3-quarter performance continued 08 October 2023 Keyword: #performance meets expectations #cost drop # new products, new technologies, new clients
Events: Corporate performance forecast for the 2023rd quarterly report 3
71.26 per cent; of this total, three quarters of a single quarter of 17.53 billion yuan, an increase of 35.6 per cent, and a net gain of 1.78 billion yuan, an increase of 194.4 per cent and a net profit of 1.71 billion yuan, an increase of 185.9 per cent.
For the first time in six quarters, after positive growth, the growth was again strong, nearly double the growth of the same year. The main reason was that the company continued to expand emerging markets and upgrade its products, resulting in an overall increase in its output; and that the firm continued to build on its “ai+” technology and its advantages from overseas channels.
And the country ' s market position, techinsights, a recent study, shows firm growth in Asia, Africa and Central Latin America, becoming the world ' s fifth-largest smartphone manufacturer for the first time; and, at the same time, having benefited from product structural upgrading and cost optimization, the company ' s Māori ratio has increased, with a corresponding increase in Māori.
(a) Companies continue their multi-brand development strategy in digital accessories and appliances, actively implementing diversified strategic layouts to meet the needs of emerging market consumers through the localization of eco-models such as smart hardware.
(ii) In mobile Internet operations, companies cooperate actively in the development and incubation of mobile Internet products with a number of leading Internet companies in the country in areas such as music, integrated content distribution, news syndication and others;
A voluntary commitment not to cut corporate shares in any way, displaying confidence in the future development of the company and a high degree of recognition of its value.
Quantified, diverse layouts bring long-term growth space to deep-cultivation of voice-based multi-model technology to create a full-scale intelligent interactive experience: currently, the sounding has taken shape in speech recognition, semantic understanding, speech synthesis, natural language processing, knowledge mapping, etc.
It became a state-of-the-art voice technology, built up a small-language voice data advantage, and made a major breakthrough in multi-language voice assistants, digitals, and voice forgery detection techniques.
The Division also promoted the development of i-sounding technology through the "ai+digital" technology enabling multi-scenario business, with a similar increase in performance, a diversified layout setting and applications, and a localized intelligent interactive experience.
In the meantime, profitability is expected to continue to grow.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we appreciate the rapid development of the company's mobile phone business and the increasing profitability associated with the continued upgrading of the product structure, with an upward adjustment of 23-25 years of profit projections, respectively
Three major financial forecasts of sound-held shares: Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.