Event of October 09, 2023: On September 26, the Voice Control Unit released a voluntary disclosure of pre-performance in the first three quarters of 2023 \triangleright
It was announced that in the first three quarters of 2023, the company was expected to earn 42.559 billion yuan, an increase of 18.12 per cent over the same period;
At the same time, corporate profitability continues to rise as the beneficiary product structure optimizes and reduces efficiency gains. It is expected that corporate operations will continue to grow at a high rate in the future as emerging markets continue to expand and new product types diversify.
Steaming in emerging markets, the advantages of a multifaceted layout are highlighted. Companies emphasize the strategic layout of smart markets abroad, \triangleright 23h1 is going to emerging markets in South Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America, while maintaining control of Africa’s core business.
In the South Asian market, corporate smarts were ranked first in Pakistan and Bangladesh in the first half of the year, and sixth in India.
In addition to the smart business, the company's multiple layouts, mobile interconnections, expansions, etc., digital accessories, home appliances, multi-brand layouts, music, integrated content distribution, news syndication, etc., are carried out with large domestic plants.
Strategic cooperation, emerging markets and business expansion have led to a significant increase in profitability, building up the technology and upgrading the product function. 2023h1, company R & D investment of $1,073 million \triangleright
In addition, the company’s products emphasize high-end alignment, optimized product functionality services, and targeted user experience. As of the end of June 23, they include i-Video help.
A number of research and development initiatives, including hands-on, chalk rainbow technology development, and i-image optimization, have entered the development validation stage to further empower product differentiation services. A voluntary commitment by the controllers to maintain a firm market consensus on the company’s long-term value.
\triangleright Mojiang personally held shares in the company through Shenzhen City Voice Investment Ltd. will not be held in any way, including during the commitment period that shares will be increased by capital accumulation, assigned equity dividends, assigned shares, increased distributions
The creation of new shares, such as those generated, and the heightened recognition by realists of the company’s future development and value, have helped to strengthen the market’s consensus on the company’s long-term value. Investment advice: we look at the company’s core business advantages in Africa and South-East Asia, while at the same time multiplying it.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.