Research in the science and technology industry: a day-long review of the sound control investment of 2023, we joined the audio control group in Chongqing on November 23rd.
An investor’s day study in Huang Jiaji and communication with company management. The sound was used in Chongqing as a link between the “one-way” and “the Yangtze” economic zones.
On November 27, 2023, the advantage was to develop, produce, and trade the industrial chain as a whole, and in Chongqing, the audio-visual park was dominated by research and development and production of electronic products such as smartphones.
The company is expected to achieve a significant increase in productivity and productivity in the future, with the increase in automation rates. At the same time, it is expected to develop its voice in Chongqing through a combination of school cooperation and research.
According to corporate sharing, the sound focuses on six key technological areas, including images, colours, basic software, and tourism.
Plays, aigcs, and smart ecology. Among them, investors are more concerned about the company's ai progress. Currently, 13 billion-volume cloud models have been achieved. Together withchatgpt, sound phones can provide a better multilingual voice helper experience.
It is the next step in the company’s ability to quickly deploy; the related mobile phone products are expected to drive the long-term growth of sound-broadcasting and mobile interconnections in emerging markets like Ming Africa. According to Imf, in 2024, in regions of Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, etc.
Most of the increase in gdp will be more than 5%, higher than 1.4% in the developed markets and 4.2% in the Chinese market, which will lead to an improvement in the next year’s recovery of mobile phones, small household electricity, etc.
To $13 billion, for the first time, more than the Latin American region. At the same time, the music, browsers, social media, and so on, have kept up with good growth.
Investment proposals: We maintain a “buy-in” rating for audio-held shares. We believe that the demand recovery in the developing region and the increase in the share of expansion in South-East Asia, Latin America, etc.
Investment risk: The uncertainty of the overseas interest-added cycle affects smartphone demand in emerging regions. Scavengering attention to the recovery of demand for consumer electronics such as smartphones abroad, especially in developing regions.
Price fluctuations in upstream parts, components, raw materials, etc., such as smartphones, affect the cost structure of the end-maker. Industry competition has increased again, player margins are under pressure, and recovery is slower than expected.
Increased inputs and delays in performance. Renovation of the optical industry: flowers and clouds and clouds (continued) (2023-11-10)
Biadi Electronics (285.hk): Three-quarters performance ahead of expectations (2023-10-18) Audio Holdings (688036.ch): Back-to-growth of smartphones, long-term profit growth in industries such as software services (2023-10-13)
Research in the science and technology sector: a steady trend in the smartphone and new energy vehicle industries, based on semiconductor industries (2023-09-05) Research in the science and technology sector: an overview of research under the Konming factory 2023-08-08)
Consumer electronics from apples: cy2q23 performance is overexpected, cy3q23 Māori performance guide is overexpected, and Chinese market exchange rates and wearable performance are excellent (2023-08-04).
• Medium-term outlook for the science and technology sector for 2023: industrial fundamentals from the first half of the year to the second half of the year
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
All the information is collected from this report and distributed to anyone. No one may use any of the information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters. You shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.