It's very important to recommend (maintain) what's going to happen in the Quanzhou cellar, in the process of nationalization.
From the bottom recovery to the brand revival, the country’s vault’s goal of 10 billion has been met: the company has been overhauling its product price system since 2015 to address the problems of a chaotic product price system, weak channels, and a bottom recovery from a difficult reversal. The company has transformed the Quantine model into a brand-only model, with terminal controls.
The external environment has helped to speed up the growth of high-end white wine, and comprehensive internal reforms are on a new $10 billion journey:
High-end white wine demand continues to grow in the context of rising consumption, while high-end white wine tickets have been released. The kiosks are stable at over $2,000, while the five grain fluids and the silos of Kyongzhou compete around $1,000, prices open upward, and corporate price policy operations have greater scope.
The company’s strategy and price-balancing strategy has led to a virtuous development of its own product and price system, higher profits, deeper access to the environment, and stronger access to the Internet through expansion. After deep-ploughing mature markets, the successful opening of potential markets is the focus of the nationalization process: from
On the development path of the five grain fluids and the Xiangzhou cellars, there are different advantages to each other than the brand difference. Previously, the Xiangzhou cellars focused more on deep development of mature niche markets (e.g. Sichuan, Hebei, Hunan), reform through channels, self-build marketing teams, and enhancement of web sites.
Measures such as upgrading access and brand power have led to higher levels of Māori and income ratios in dominant markets than in water. As the flow of mature market channels increases, claims and channels for upgrading brand power have pushed firms to accelerate the expansion of their outreach markets across the country.
High-end white alcohol consumption continues to grow, demand in the high-end white wine industry will continue to grow, and high-end white wine brands, represented by the kooks, the five grain fluids, and the old cellars of Kyongzhou, will continue to benefit. The company’s current pricing strategy has given better leverage, and high-end alcohol is expected to continue to grow.
In the process of brand revival, the gradual expansion of regional markets will speed up the chances of winning medium-sized liquor, which will take over the bulk of the product.
1. High-end white wine continues to have the capacity to be “quantified”
1.1.1. There has been a marked increase in consumption in the industry, with the continued expansion of high-end consumption of white wine The continuing rise in consumption power, with good drinking becoming the dominant habit and high demand for private consumption. White wine is part of our drinking culture, and the base of drinking habits and the drinking population remains high.
The level of alcohol consumption varies from income level to income level, but alcohol consumption has risen more smoothly, accompanied by higher income levels, and consumer consumption of white wine has increased significantly, with less but better consumption becoming the dominant habit.
Millions of dollars in income, coupled with some high-end white wine such as Aoyagi and Yogi River, are now more than 100 million people, accounting for about 25-30%, but with a total production of less than 100,000 tons and a small yield. High-end white wine consumption continues to expand.
The public consumption power that has followed the public consumption policy has taken over the demand for high-end white wine. And the sustained increase in the public consumption power has continued to expand the demand for high-end white wine, giving rise to an opportunity for high-end white wine to grow in volume terms.
Growth is nearly tenfold. At the same time, higher incomes are growing and consumption is stronger. At prices, high-end white wine is more socially useful in business, hospitality, etc., is less price-sensitive to high-income people, and the price of high-end white wine is reasonable.
As high-end white wine enters the demand cycle, and as local channels are paved and expanded, there is a need for reasonable replenishment of stocks. At the same time, the need for investment is accompanied by a demand for white wine under the expectation of a premium increase, and multiple helpers together contribute to a sustained increase in the quality of high-end white wine since its consumption.
The demand for high-end white wine has improved significantly, and the price and terminal prices of the huts have continued to move up, and the investment needs have been increasing steadily, keeping their terminal and bulk prices high. And the five grains, liquids and domestics, have benefited from the rise in the low-end and bulk prices, and the price survival space has become wider.
High-end white wine prices have remained up since 2016, high-end white wine patterns have been firmly established, and tickets to high-end white wine have now been issued, mainly for huts, five grain fluids, and 1573 state cellars. The creation of high-end white wine brands requires deep historical and cultural depths and uniqueness.
According to data released by the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, 53 degrees in 2019, the share of the top-end white market is as high as 42%, 52 degrees, five degrees, and 52 degrees, 1573 places in the cellar.
The third column, 31 per cent and 9 per cent, respectively.
At the same time, it is less dependent on the resources of social channels, and high-end white wine can still be useful. The difference between the market share of the national cellar, 1573, on the one hand, and the market, on the other, is mainly reflected in the difference in brand power.
The position and order of the first three sectors are currently set, and while it is difficult to change in the short term, brand differences in different markets are still different, and in the niche markets of the cellars, the difference between the branding of the five grains can be bridged through end layouts and displays, branding strategies, etc.
As a result, the regional market performance of brands is uneven. Even as the third high-end brand of white wine in the country, there is more room for growth in the national cellar, with a “volume price increase” in terms of both price increases and sales growth.
The price and brand image of the matai are high against a backdrop of rising demand for high-end white wine in recent years. And, according to the plan to expand the production of mahogany, the production of mahogany will be expanded to a certain extent in 2021, but it is not possible to do so quickly in the short term.
The supply and demand relationship will remain the same, and the high-end demand for the unsatisfied high-end white wine will be borne by the five grain fluids and the country's guests. Maotai produced about 50.2 million tons of the low-stair wine in 2020, and a series of 251,000.
Tons, in 2020, the production of pow-drinks (50.2 million tons) increased significantly compared to 2017 (4.27 million tons), and the production capacity of pow-doo wine is expected to reach 553 million tons by the end of 2021.
In 2017, the five grain fluids began construction, the first phase of the 100,000-ton brewing manufacturing technology project and the first phase of the 300,000-ton pottery brewery project, which will be repackaged in the future after three years of storage.
In 2019, the Department publicly issued bonds to raise funds for projects such as the Breweries Technology Development Project (PET), and in 2020, the company invested 1,463 million yuan more than the original total investment plan of $7.414 billion.
Prior to the increase in investment, the TRP will produce 100,000 tons of high-quality alcohol per year, 100,000 tons of curry, 3270 acres, building space from 72.67 million m2 to 83.952 million m2, storage capacity from 300,000 tons to 380,000 tons, and design standards for factories and liquor banks will be improved.
From 2017 to 2020, the Mau-Dai programme was sold together with the production of the gin (tonnes)
1.2. There have been price escalations among the regional markets, and high-end white wine products have been well-formulated. Most high-end white wine brands have used a well-developed product matrix based on a two-brand strategy.
High-end white brands promote their overall brand image through their own head cores, while focusing on the layout of a single public market strategy The "two-wheel drive" strategy has been in place since 2016 and the product's "133" strategy, i.e.
One world-class core brand (Flying Tower), three nationally renowned brands (Princess, Welcome, Lahman), three regional brands (Kyoto, Han sauce, Wine), the creation of a big hut branding group, and the development of a “100 billion” strategy for the Maotai Group.
The current sales revenue is $10.2 billion, an increase of 13 per cent over the previous year, and the unit price of ton alcohol is 15 per cent higher than the previous year. “1” is the product strategy of “1+3”, which strengthens the single status of the core product, 52 degrees five. “3” is the three dimensions of the extension of the core product system.
The structure of the product system and the series of four major national strategic monoliths (five grains, five grains, five grains, five ol, and cutting-edge).
As a result of measures such as combing product lines, brands and thinness, five strategic monoliths (1573 in the cellar, wines in the cellar, specials, headlines, dubbes) were created, “low-high-school” positions were created at the product line level, with a clear focus on the branding of “double brands, three lines, five major monoliths”.
The branding of Liquor is based on a top-up strategy that consolidates the Chinese brand of white wine, the first-tier brand: the special is firmly implemented on the basis of a strategic return to effect consumer return, brand image re-entry, and branding re-entry; and branding of wine in the succulent market, which is on the rise.
(a) The strength of the waist of a strong corporate brand; the headlines continue to expand the profit margin and increase the channelability;
The trend towards the expansion of high-end white wine gives a second-end opportunity for the development of white wine, while the space for survival of the white wine and waist market is wider. The cellar is aimed at high-end markets, well-positioned, and meets the upgrading needs of both urban and rural rich people.
The battle was fought, and 60 versions of the specializations were introduced, and good quality and high value are more than likely to be marketed in the future, but there is not yet a large national product. At the middle end of the spectrum, the 200-300-bit is more competitive with real-estate wine, and local-estate wine often has local channels.
In 2018, the company proposed a strategy of nationalism and speciality, focusing on brand revival.
In the regional consumer markets, the feature has gradually become more monolithic, although its size is not concentrated to a higher level, but it has developed better. The price belt in which it is currently located has not yet become a national monolith, and the brand of the special itself.
At the bottom, and at the national level, we believe that the special is expected to become 200-300 yuan nationalized, 1.2.3. The branding, product power and channel power of the products of the waist are prominent.
There is also a significant increase in the competitiveness of the waist, which is reflected in brand power, product power, and channel power. At present, the main price for white wine is a country-renowned single item, with over $500 being the second-highest product, less than $100 being the light bottle, 100-200 being the blue of the sea, and 200-300 being the same product.
As channels are laid and multiple markets are opened in the provinces, the feature 2. The cellar's price strategy is a reflection of its core competitiveness. 2.1. The cellar's price strategy is balanced with that of the competition.
The price strategy of the cellar is to some extent reflected in following the strategy, but following the strategy depends, on the one hand, on the external environment. In recent years, the five grain fluids have captured market opportunities to raise prices by controlling the profits, opening up the price upwards, and the country's customers themselves to achieve the price through effective quantitative measures.
From the point of view of the size of the cellar, the core of the Quota System, which is applied in the Quantities, is that it is based on past sales with the correct estimate of the current market sales, so that the terminal allocation, the excess quota, is not delivered or the price is higher. The Quota System tests the ability of the company to handle the terminal, the power of the terminal.
The level of sophistication and team performance in the context of the quota system, the firm ' s clear knowledge of the dealer ' s inventory, the number of points and the stock of single shops, has led the company to strengthen its regulation of the market price and logistics order, with significant improvements in the marketing of products, fine-tuning of channels and brand promotion.
The market price system has gradually been streamlined, and the efficiency of the cost-investment of the marketing model has been improved. The high-end brand and channel control of white wine manufacturers can be seen in the P5 and P15773 policies.
The Division’s digitalization of the terminal market can help companies understand end-marketing and market stock, and the company’s stoppage and price control policies can be effectively implemented.
2.2. High-profit space enhances the depth of channels and network expansion enhances the laying of channels Prior to the company maximizing its common interests through the Fountain model. Implementation of the area-to-distributors implementation team-to-market operation.
The company was formed by salesmen and distributors in the area, the salesmen in the original area went to the company, the manager of the area was the general manager of the company, and the company made an appointment through the system, the contract, the interest, etc.
At the operational level, the sales company supplied the company directly at discounts, and cancelled the previous return point and drink policy, while the distributors in the area took the goods from the company. The company's profit space came from discounts on the one hand, and from the company's price increases on the other.
The front-stage model is conducive to the mobilization of distributors and marketing. The first-stage model brings together powerful local distributors and builds a community of interests in which distributors can expand their sales while they can obtain a system of dividends and price increases.
By reducing the number of sales workers, the cost of sales has fallen considerably. At the same time, the supply of the company’s supplies has been reduced by direct concessions, which have reduced the consumer tax base.
In the late spring model, companies have insufficient control over the terminal and the channel price system is compromised. In the late spring model, distributors have greater autonomy, and market development and marketing initiatives are in the company.
In the hands of the company, the company has autonomy in marketing and resource allocation, and the company has insufficient control over the end of the channel, making it difficult to implement the company’s strategic intent. Because of the low cost of the company’s imports, distributors may, for short-term interest reasons, avoid market promotion, sell directly at lower prices, and market the company’s products.
In 2015, one of the priorities of the company’s reforms was to build channels, replacing the brand model with the brand model. In 2015, the company changed the brand model to a brand model, with a national cellar, a special song, and a brand model.
In this way, the companies can manage their brands flexibly, depending on their brands’ marketing and inventory status, and also adopt a differentiated business model based on brand positioning.
Brand-owned companies use direct distribution models to strengthen terminal controls, companies form sales teams to develop markets, proactive input costs are better controlled at terminals and price systems are more controlled. Companies have expanded their sales staff size in depth in recent years.
The company’s sales personnel and sales costs have increased significantly since 2015, as a result of ongoing efforts to expand its services and branding, such as care and price-making. The reformed channel-building company has improved its access by streamlining its price-channel system through a volume strategy.
Profit margins, enhance the depth of the channel. When the mainstream consumption channels, such as tobacco and alcohol, group purchasing channels and so on, are in place, companies expand their networks in the advantage areas and fine-tune the overall channel. Figure 16. Marketing costs have increased significantly.
2.3. There is a need to invest high costs during the expansion of the market, and brand pull is expected
10.82 per cent, compared with sales costs of 5.2 per cent and 20.51 per cent in the same period, compared with sales costs of 23.20 per cent in 2017 for the Department of Public Administration, 4.89 per cent and 12.01 per cent for the same period and 26.47 per cent for the company in 2019.
The cost of selling the food fluids has been reduced to 3.69% and 9.95%. In terms of the cost of selling, the trend towards higher distribution rates in the public sector has been reversed by the downward trend in the kiosks and the five grains, and the current cost of marketing is already in a higher position.
The old cellars in Xiangzhou are currently in a state of expansion, where high-cost investments cannot be avoided in circumstances where brands are not strong enough. And, under the proprietorship model, companies cover part of the channel costs.
Although the company’s sales cost is higher than that of five grains of liquid and huts, it is at a reasonable level compared to the sub-high-end white wine and the regional sub-high-end real-estate wine, so the high cost of the company’s investment during the expansion of the market is consistent with industry trends, as well as the growth of the country’s sub-high-end and regional sub-high-end white wine brands.
Given the breakdown of sales costs, companies have in recent years increased the cost of advertising for inputs and market expansion, including channel and consumer marketing costs.
The share of exhibition fees in overall sales has risen from 59% in 2015 to 79% in 2019. In the future, as the cellars have become branded, brand pull has increased, and market extension costs will continue to be more focused on high-end branding.
International events and conferences, such as the Brick National Business Forum, have been advertised to strengthen the high-end image of brands. The cellars also boost brand power through brand names such as comprehensive viewing and online collections.
With China's Cooking Association, the Special Rapporteur has joined forces to trace Chinese foods, which have gone to 24 cities on the theme “The smell of the Chinese foods,” and has helped to raise public awareness of the brand and occupy the Chinese banquet market. In addition, the Special Rapporteur has also been working with China's SuperPip.
Chontooth works across borders, co-builds on-line the Year's Dinner shorts, produces four joint liquors on-line, and these innovative creative marketings feed into young people's consumption horizons and raise young consumers' awareness of old cellar brands.
3. Regional markets in the old cellars are unevenly distributed and nationalization is accelerating 3.1. Regional development is uneven across the country, with a strong focus on vulnerability. Corporate niche markets are concentrated in South-West and Central China.
The southwest region has a long history of development and enjoys a high degree of brand recognition. Thus, the southwest market is a solid home base for companies and a basic foundation for nationalization. In 2017, the southwest contributed more than 40% to the cellar, while the southwest is better profitable than the southwest.
His market, with a high Māori rate in recent years, reached 79.38% in 2017. In recent years, China’s market has increased only after the southwest.
Other areas of the year also had a low Māori rate of 56 per cent, South-West/China/North China had a Māori level of 79.38 per cent, 71.6 per cent/70.53 per cent over the same period, and the dominant market had a higher acceptance of Xiangzhou brands and products, while the company had a high level of pipeline and municipal presence in East and South China.
The White Wine market in the east of the country has a high potential. The main markets in China’s eastern region include Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang Province, the Long Triangle, and Anhui, Henan, Shandong, and Huadong markets as a whole, with higher economic levels and a few major provinces of white wine consumption.
According to the report on consumption data on the 2018 Day Cat Water Line, the top five provinces are Henan, Shandong, Anhui, Jiangsu and Hebei, mainly located in the East China region. By population size, Shandong, Henan, Jiangsu are the largest provinces of the country's population as of 2019.
At the bottom, all three provinces have more than 80 million people, a large consumer market and a large white market capacity. In terms of income and power of consumption, the East China region is economically advanced, per capita income is above national ranking, consumers are more willing to consume high-priced white wine, and alcohol consumption is rising in East China.
The size of the cellar in the east of the country and the level of city occupancy do not match the high-end branding of white wine, which has much room for upgrading in the east of the country. The national market is fast-tracked, and there is still room for growth in south-east China.
Since the strategy of “Emerging in the East to the South”, the combination of “124” works, making full use of marketing resources in the market, and achieving a balanced and high-quality growth of companies in the national market, the development gap between firms in regional markets has improved considerably.
This year, the company will continue to dig deep into traditional niche markets and expand potential markets. As the country’s epidemic improves, the socio-economic recovery, the consumer environment, and the movement of people are opening up, the company is on the right track.
Increasing consumer growth, normalization of overall marketing strategies, introduction of branding activities, festivals, etc., further contributing to end-to-end upscaling, maintenance of stocks and development of incremental growth.
The more common strategy for companies to fill vulnerable markets is to attack the central city with a spot. Previously, the cellar, the central rise, the eastbound map, was an important area where Anhui market was planned to adopt a three-angled urban layout of “1+2”, “1” for Anhui Province to co-operate with the fat market, and “2” for Xiaoyang and Ani, respectively.
Qing markets, using a focused input and direct distribution model in the region, concentrate resources on opening the market gap from the model market to complement the other two opportunity markets, making a point-breaking breakthrough, the “Central Rise, Eastward Map” strategy being pursued.
Weak, 1573 of 2017 proposed a strategic approach to “base farming, internal expansion, central rise, eastbound south chart, regional sinking, market segmentation” and, in June, proposed a long-triangular development strategy, with Shanghai, Zhenbei and South Sudan at its core, a plate break in China, and Shanghai's operations focused on shaping the landscape.
Image-building and building the core circle, while Zhebei and Shunan are at the core of their operations, with regional sales planned to reach $2 billion by 2020, stabilizing the top three positions in the Chinese-East market. At the core market break-through, companies first attack the core city to provide coverage, for example, in the South African market.
In the core market, which broke through in the south of the country, the reserves were planned to sell to the south of the country by the year 2020, amounting to $600 million, of which the south of the country accounted for 300 million. The strategy for the south-east chart was showing first signs of success, and growth was positive.
South China, North China, and other counties, towns, towns, and cities, together with the build-up of forces, the consolidation of resources, and the successful realization of marketing failures in East and South China. Consumer acceptance is good in East and South China, and market marketing has implications for their ability to break through the market further.
China’s development in the South and East and South China markets has intensified, and the region has become the fastest growing region in nearly two years, and the East and South China regions are expected to continue to contribute to the future rate of income growth. The country’s current target of $10 billion has been met, and the new 10 billion journey has been opened.
By 2020, 20 billion yuan had been broken and 20,000 tons had been sold, of which 50 million yuan had been sold in the north-west and south-west China; 3 billion yuan in the north-west China and East China markets; 2 billion yuan in the north-west; and 1 billion yuan in the north-east and south-east, forming a regional plan for the "rise of the Eastward South Map".
At the conference, it was announced that the country’s guest, 1573, had exceeded its single income by 10 billion dollars in 2019, while setting a target of 13 billion yuan in 2020 and planning to achieve 20 billion yuan in the next three to five years.
On May 8, 2020, a conference on the theme “The new 10 billion in the cellar, the Chinese people rise” was held in Henan, where Henan's plan for the war highlighted the importance of Henan in the entire central region. Henan is the province of the population, with nearly 40 billion white wine market capacity.
In the Sichuan province, where the high-end white market has a capacity of more than 10 billion, Henan does not have a strong brand of real-estate wine, and the high-end white wine market is occupied by the huts, the five grains, and the state cellar. The Henan war is also important for the realization of the new billion-dollar plan in the future, as well as for the post-influence market.
The cellar company divides Henan into four battle zones: Pingxi, Pengbei, Pengbei, and Peng, which are managed directly by four regional managers in the southwest, northwest, northeast and south-central regions, respectively, while the chief manager of the wine sale company, Zhang Piao, is personally in charge.
The goal of the Henan Conference: On 4 June 2020, the cellar company held a conference on the Middle East 2020-2022.