tcl Group (000100)
Events: tcl Group released its semi-annual performance forecast for 2018. 1 January 2018 tcl e-performance was bright and communication loss was driving the firm ' s performance to significantly increase. tcl e-product structures and channels continued to be optimized, product sales and net profits increased significantly, and companies increased significantly.
Six-monthly LCD sales of 13,510 million, an increase of 37.8 per cent over the previous year, were slightly higher than expected; The company was fully engaged in the business change and performance improvement of tcl communications, which resulted in a significant decrease in tcl communications. Good performance in the above-mentioned operations was driven by a significant increase in the company's performance in the first half of the year.
The industry’s supply and demand margins are improving, and China’s PV performance is expected to improve in the second half of the year.
The traditional end-product season has come, and we believe that the supply and demand of large-sized liquid crystal panels will improve in the second half of the year with total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and that the performance of PV is expected to improve.
Products are not on the list, and the impact of the trade war is limited. According to the most recent US-published list of proposed US$ 200 billion in tariffs on products from China, companies export US TV tcl (000100) Pacific Securities
Products such as whole machines, smart phones, etc. are not on the list; company panels, ice-washing products, etc. are not on the list - tcl Group - Annual & Quarterly Review: Reorganizing the US. We believe that companies are limited by the impact of the China-US trade war.
The tcl group will focus on the semiconductor industry, which is at the core of star power. The company will continue this year.
Cleaning up and stripping out non-core business as planned. We take stock of the value revalued by the restructuring of the company, with net profits up to $36.1, 40.8 and 3.47 billion for the period 2018-2020, corresponding to the smooth pace of the restructuring, which is to be expected in the future.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report