tcl Group (000100) Selectable consumer durable consumer goods and clothing tcl e-performance with slightly over-expected performance in the first half of the year
The net profit after deduction was $993 million, an increase of 60.43 per cent over the same period, slightly higher than expected, maintaining a “growth” of tcl's e-performance, and a loss in communications driven by a significant increase in corporate performance. tcl's e-revenues increased by $14.2 to $17.15 billion over the same period in the first half of the year, with a sharp increase of 23.5 per cent to 23.5 per cent in the net return to the mother.
468 million dollars, resulting in an aggregate LCD sales of 1.51 million, an increase of 37.8 per cent in the same year; and a significant reduction in the first half of tcl. was achieved through organizational restructuring and reorganization of the business unit. tcl The large increase in performance and loss of communications in the electronics industry was the main reason for the company’s bright performance in the first half of the year.
The smooth progress of the 6-generation line is expected to reduce the cyclical fluctuations in performance. The average price of the main size panel is significantly lower than during the same period last year, with the Chinese star photovoltaics showing a similar decline in total equity/flow (million shares)
Well, of these, the ltps-lcd line is already produced and delivered in bulk, and the amoled line is expected to light in the first half of the next 12 months. We believe that the price volatility of the small and medium-sized panels is significantly less than tv.
Inch products, the orderly push of the six-generation line is expected to reduce the cyclical fluctuations in the company's future performance, and the restructuring of the corporate Pacific Securities-Electronic Industry-tcl Group continues to move forward, looking at the revalued company and maintaining an “uptake” rating for the first half.
A little more than expected, looking forward to the re-value of the future.
Pacific Securities - tcl Group - Annual Report & I Quarterly Review: Reorganization progressing well, Future Values Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.