tcl Group (000100) Household appliances
The main reasons for the significant increase in group performance over the same period are: 1) the continued increase in overseas market operations, the rapid growth of tcl electronic overseas performance and the significant decline in the tcl overseas market for telecommunications; 2)
The performance of other businesses, apart from Chinese PV, has continued to grow, and it has been affected by the continuing decline in the prices of major-size panels: 3) the transformation has advanced further, with lower overall operating costs and a significant increase in net profits and human effectiveness. The semiconductor shows a strong industrial profile, operating efficiency and profitability worldwide.
The average price of the size panel was significantly lower than in the same period last year, with HSPV achieving sales revenue of $12.14 billion, down 13.07%. But the company's main production lines and production capacity were released smoothly, the panel price was fully sold, and the volume of large liquid crystal panels remained the fifth in the world, 32-inch liquid crystal panel products and 55-inchud.
The output volume is the second highest in the world: 6th generation of ltps-lcd production line t3 production capacity and good rates are increasing, and in the first half of the year the product is bright: 11th generation of tft-lcd and amoled line t6 is expected to light in four quarters.
Global strategy layout, with 44.4 per cent growth in television sales in overseas markets, 73 per cent growth in European markets, 51.5 per cent increase in emerging markets, third increase in North America and 237.5 per cent in net corporate return profits; 2) tcl communications medium-end branding, continued structural optimization, first half of the year
This represents a significant decrease, with improvements in the North American region clearly making a profit; 3) EEGs have consolidated second-strength market positions through scalding and product innovation, continuously optimizing client structures and internal and external sales ratios in the first half of the year, achieving sales revenue of $10.63 billion, an increase of 15.2 per cent.
Emerging business groups have expanded well, and the value of home and mobile Internet applications and services has continued to rise. During the reporting period, the number of serviceable terminals and active users of the company ' s home Internet and mobile Internet has continued to grow rapidly.
The increase has been more than threefold; mobile Internet is used to generate $102 million in service operations.tcl Group (000100): overall performance has increased significantly, and Nose will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.