tcl Group. Smart middle-end business is done and business performance is growing robustly. In recent days, the company published its semi-annual report for 2019: 43,782 million won in the first half of the year, a decline in the same year.
16.64 per cent achieved a net return of RMB 2,092 million, an increase of 31.93 per cent. In the first half of the year, 26.12 billion won, an increase of 23.9 per cent compared to the previous half, and a net return of RMB 2.09 billion to the mother, with a strong growth in performance in the core industry. In the first half of the year, the company completed its reorganization, displacing the smart terminal.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of $26.12 billion, an increase of 23.9 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $2.64 billion, an increase of 42.3 per cent over the reporting period, further optimization of the company’s capital structure and operating efficiency, and asset-liability ratios.
tclStar projects are moving well and the product structure is gradually improving. In the first half of the year, the tclstar panel was able to produce 9.61 million square metres, an increase of 9.80 per cent in the same year, generating an operating income of $16.28 billion, increasing the monthly capacity from 45k to 50k, increasing the capacity of the t6 plant rapidly, and building the t7 line as planned.
The flexible am-oled factory in Wuhanhua began to climb at a faster pace than expected, and is expected to achieve a volume production in the fourth quarter of this year. The successful implementation of the projects will further improve the structure of the company’s products and enhance their competitiveness.
During the reporting period, material and equipment enterprises upstream of Guangdong China constructed new open ecology to demonstrate technological processes and to achieve equipment efficiency.
In addition, the Guangdong flexible print display platform, which has been developed by the National Printing and Flexible Shows, is based on a market price of 13 August 2019.
Pe 11x, 10x, and 9x respectively. Considering the corporate semiconductor’s leading edge in the field of displaying, maintaining “Sip technology application in Sino-Soldier International” is not as widespread as expected; major client orders are volatile.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consultancy. Wang Da-ting.