tcl Group Focus Semiconductor shows that a company is targeting a technology industry group to focus on a semiconductor through the sale of smart terminal operations.
The company is positioned as a technology industry group, and in 2018 it announced the sale of smart terminal operations, focused semiconductor displays and material operations, and the current, major event.
The asset reorganization plan has been considered and approved by the Shareholders Assembly. If the assets subject to the reorganization are removed, the company will display 2018 from materials to modules and focus semiconductors. When the reorganization is completed, the company will display semiconductors and the material business will consist mainly of PVs, PVs, PVs, PVs and PVs.
Of these, PV is mainly engaged in the development, production and marketing of semiconductor panels, PV is mainly involved in the development, production and sale of small and medium-sized tft-lcd/oled display modules, PV is mainly involved in the study of critical commons in printing and flexible displays, and PV is mainly derived from the production, production and sale of small and medium-sized tft-lcd/oled display modules.
Large-scale television panels are leading, and small- and medium-sized products are becoming more dominant. In the large-scale inch, 2018, large-scale liquid crystal panels of HPV, a subsidiary, were ranked globally in terms of volume.
5th, 32nd and 55th inchud products are ranked second in the world; two 8.5 generation t1 and t2 projects continue to be fully loaded, 11th generation tft-lcd and amoled new displays are expected to be fully produced by the end of 2019, and 11th generation super-higher displays are produced
The line was put into construction in November 2018, with the main production and sale of 65 inches, 70 inches and 75 inches of the ltps-amoled flexible production line expected to be produced in 2019.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. has not been as fast as expected in the reorganization of assets; the prices of liquid crystal panels have continued to decline; production lines are not as fast as expected.
Wang Da-ting.