tcl Group (000100) Electronics reconfigured to focus on the main business and wait for the industry's needs to return to normal.
From the second quarter of 2019, the group smart terminals and accompanying operations were removed from the listed companies and no longer included in the tcl group consolidated statements. Future listed companies will focus on the semiconductor display and material operations, which are dominated by PV, and deepen the transformational reforms, optimize the business architecture, and streamline the organization.
In the first half of 2019, tcl was able to continuously reduce efficiency gains through measures such as upgrading product technical capabilities, optimizing product structures, and leveraging base-based intensive production advantages, while small-scale operations performed well, but by showing that the industry was still at the bottom of the cycle, tcl had a slight decline in net profits in the first half of the year and was listed during the reporting period.
Net corporate profits include major asset sales transactions after deduction of losses and losses on the disposition of assets during the transition period and related taxes The panel industry is still at the bottom of the cycle, waiting for demand to warm down prices. From second-quarter panel price data, the panel industry is still at the bottom of the cycle, and demand demand demand for consumer electronic terminals continues to weaken.
The expansion cycle for mainland producers has not yet been completed, and the conversion plan for major Korean manufacturers has been delayed. According to the Quantities Advisory Committee, the price of the 19q2 television panel 's main sizes has declined to varying degrees, with most of the future sizes falling at or below 55 inches. Catalysing factors for price recovery in the second half of the year have been limited.
It will come mainly from the progress of the Samsung-l8 production cut-off plant and the roll-out of Chinese television. The small-scale product continues to be bright, large and soft-led. In the case of the industry as a whole, the company's t1-t3 line continues to be fully sold, 11 generations of super-sized lcd and soft-led.
The production line is going well. Six generations of small-sized ltps-lcd production line t3 have continued to be bright, with capacity utilization exceeding 100%, achieving better operating profits; two 8.5 generations t1 and t2 have continued to consolidate large-sized areas; and the ltps-appled flexible production line t4 has been steadily advancing on a productive and good climb.
After reorganization, listed companies are expected to prepare their operating income and net profit returns in 2019. 1.tcl Group (000100): Liquid crystal panel industry at the bottom. Focus on new sails (2019-01-11)
tcl Group (000100): The panel industry undervalues the flagship, and the business transformation has been remarkably effective (2018-08-29) and will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.