(a) Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco, with an assessment of the Ily shares: income continues to grow and penetration continues to increase;
I. Income continues to grow, penetration continues to rise, and the year-round income target is expected to be successfully met: 10 billion dollars for the mission, halfway, halfway, and the year-round income target is expected to be successfully met.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) increased by 2.3 pct on the same basis. The penetration rate of the core business of the main battalion is increasing. Moreover, the average of the same-year growth rates of warm milk and milk powder leads the industry with a steady increase in the share of channels.
Eli shares (600887), "Eli shares: stock stock booms, company sales share of regular liquid milk increased by 2.4 pct on a year-on-year basis, where the heat-acid milk program quickly landed and performance test requirements were relaxed."
The share of retail sales of low-temperature liquid milk has fallen by 1.1 pcc on the same basis, with the Ili stock (600887), the Ili share for a quarterly report point, the layout and development of three main products, namely, regular, low-temperature and milk powder, in line with expectations.
According to the product category, the first half of the year was divided between liquid milk, powdered milk and dairy products and cold-drinking products.
In four quarters alone, income continued to be slightly higher in 2019. In North China, South China and the rest of the region, the first half of the year, 128.37, respectively, saw a slowdown in the q2 comparison of q1 ' s income and an increase in sales pressure.
In the light of market tracking, market demand has weakened in the second quarter alone, and major competitions have increased their marketing efforts and sales difficulties. The core category of hot and liquid milk has been successfully overtaken by events, but the yoghurt and the Healthy Drinking Industries have not been able to meet their deadlines, affecting the overall growth rate.
Looking ahead, the task in the second half of the year is not heavy, but the market environment is still under pressure. In our judgement, sales throughout the year are not going to last too long, with high costs being maintained, and the task is likely to be successfully achieved, providing a better basis for the hundreds of millions of sales that will hit next year.
ii. The increase in the cost of raw materials affects the Māori rate, costs and research and development inputs increase the net profit from the squeeze, both as a result of changes in product structure due to quarterly differences and as a result of higher prices of raw materials.
In the context of lower VAT rates, Māori rates have fallen at the cost level, benefiting from scale effects, with sales rates falling by 0.83 pct in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis, but management costs (including R&D) due to higher employee remuneration and higher R&D inputs
Increases 1.2 pct in the same year. And q2 sales rates, overhead rates (including R & D) inputs continue to grow, crushing net profits and raising net interest rates against the background of the lower base of the same year, but still at a lower level in the first quarter of recent years.
Cash received for the sale of goods in the first half of the year increased by 12.56% in comparison with the previous year, which is more normal; however, the net operating cash flow is reasonable in comparison with the increase in the remuneration paid to employees.
Maintaining the fundamentals: income growth, penetration rates and market shares will continue to rise, achieving the “50 billion” milestones next year; net interest rates on sales will stabilize this year, and business profitability may turn in 2020, but given the non-linear amortization of incentive costs, for the future
Three-year returns have had a significant impact, based on the precautionary principle of profit forecasting, combining company fundamentals with short-term market sentiment, and giving Ily shares a pointer based on performance in 2019: revenue continues to grow and penetration continues to rise.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.