The market share and penetration rate have continued to rise, and Elie shares (600887), were reported in mid-2019: the company issued the mid-2019 report. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a gross operating income of $45,571 million.
Wei Hongmei grew by 12.84% over the same period; the net return to the mother was 3,781 million yuan, an increase of 9.71% over the same year, and the performance of the priority products was kept up fast.
The product series generated $4.3 billion, an increase of 15.4 per cent over the same period.
Market shares and penetration rates have continued to rise. In the first half of 2019, Nelson Zero showed a 2.4 percentage point increase in the company's retail share of the regular liquid milk market, with a 5.8 percentage point increase in the market share of the same; but the share of the low-temperature liquid milk market has declined the same time.
1.1 percentage points, with a positive increase of 0.6 percentage points in the market share for active emulsifiable beverages: 0.6 percentage points in the market share for infant and child formula powders. Companies’ products continue to increase their market penetration capacity in the country.
The market penetration rate for temperate dairy products was 83.9%, an increase of 2.7 percentage points over the same period, an increase of 1.2 percentage points to 4.7% over the same year for management costs, and a decrease of 0.41 continuing innovative products for the same year. In the first half of the year, companies focused on organic products, and continuously enriched organic product lines.
On the basis of `Golden Garden organic pure milk', `qqstar organic pure milk' and `Light organic fermented milk', new products `Golden crowned serena organic baby and child formula formula' were introduced.
New products such as the fruit-acid yogurt ice cream, “100% Sphere-saved series” and “Golden-silver pure milk,” cover more consumption scenarios and target populations. This rating system, “Market Index,” refers to a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.