Purchase of the New Zealand Quality Milk Enterprise to optimize the global milk source layout Ely (600887) completes New Zealand ' s Westland Acquisition Bulletin Review Report/Food and Beverage Industry
On August 2, Ili issued an announcement that Hong Kong Trade and Trade Holdings Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, had completed the acquisition of 100% of New Zealand’s shareholding in Westlandco-operativedairycompaniment on August 1.
The purchase was completed at a price of NZ$ 3.41 per share and a total equity exchange of NZ$ 243.77 million. The purchase of the second largest dairy cooperative in New Zealand to maintain the diversity of original milk supply is complete.
The purchase is aimed at the second largest dairy cooperative in New Zealand, which accounts for about 4% of the original milk supply in New Zealand. The company is able to optimize its milk source layout and improve its competitiveness by obtaining high-quality and stable New Zealand milk supplies.
To more than 40 countries: A subsidiary under the flag works in production, marketing, and distribution of easiyo brands in Britain, Europe, Australia, etc. The unit is in comparison with the 300-way zone. This acquisition helps companies to generate radiation, technology, and energy for the global market.
From a pb point of view, the purchase of milk sources is more important than the financial one. From a pb point of view, the company pays the price equal to the firm’s net assets, and the purchase price is reasonable.
The company was formerly a public company of 350 dairy farmers, with the largest shareholder holding only 4.5% of the shares. Thus, the milk source layout of this acquisition is more than purely financial.
Continued upstream and downstream cross-country M&As and internationalization to ensure a space for companies to grow \triangleright in 2013, the company built an annual 47,000-ton baby formula powder project in New Zealand; November 2018,
In the same year, the company “joyday” ice cream was successfully marketed in several cities in Indonesia. In conjunction with this acquisition, the company was buying upstream milk and lower milk.
We believe that internationalizing expansion will be the company’s third, profit forecasting and investment proposal.
Quick change of alcohol, with a focus on sub-highly famous wine and high-quality real estate wine.
The marketing of products has fallen short of expectations, integration has become more difficult after the merger has been completed, Māori rates have dropped significantly, marketing costs have increased significantly, and food safety issues have emerged.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, joined the public securities industry, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,