Iri shares (600887); Redirected incentives, long-term planning, unchanged shares.
This company is one of the dairy industry's best interests, including liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, and so on.
Milk, the company is currently active in the development of new products, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, the Goldenport Holdings, acquired 96.46 per cent of Thailand ' s shares in the chomthanacompanymited;
The company has not adjusted its net profit growth targets and its business expectations have not changed and will continue to acquire 100 per cent of New Zealand's shareholding in the company's fully-owned subsidiary, Goldport, over the next five years.
The firm has given full anticipation to a situation in which the industry will continue to compete in the short term, with its absolute share in the warm milk market being the lifeline for the company to pursue greater development, while maintaining the cost of the company's investment based on the demand for new products under the development goals of the IRI cross-cutting category, which we judge to sell.
Selling costs may continue to be high. However, corporate profit-side pressures have been reduced as a result of lower amortization costs. Based on the current competitive situation in the two-hut, the increase in the pick-up end, market share, will become Ely’s revised version, raising the roe target and adding a new cash fraction, showing the company’s performance for the future.
In the context of competition, there will be a degree of pressure and incentive for companies to run their future business.
The distribution of restrictive stock awards has remained essentially unchanged, with a clear and firm intention to bind management for long-term development. We reiterate that management teams have a strong influence on dairy development, production, marketing, marketing, and upgrading in the dairy industry, requiring a very high level of responsiveness, requiring a very high level of team capacity, using incentive schemes to ensure management stability, based on firm considerations for long-term development, ensuring that the goals of the next decade are met and, to some extent, guaranteeing growth in the company ' s long-term value.
In the medium term, seeing the difference between the two nests emerge, and in the longer term, the Nestlé of China, where the selection of dairy products is gradually increasing, and local firms are gradually returning to low-temperature milk, we believe that the focus of the nest will be gradually dissipated, and that Eli and Monx will gradually move on to the path of differentiated competition, with Eli focusing on the temperature advantage, horizontal diversities, widening the movine, based on upstream pastures and cold chain resources.
The “time for space” is still the main theme of the dairy industry for the next 10 years, and we remain firm in the long-term value of Eli’s shares. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: based on this revision of the restrictive equity incentive scheme, we maintain expectations of faster growth in corporate income, with projected 19-21 battalion figure 1: the history of IRI’s net asset returns
Figure 2: History of the cash share shares of Eli, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
Schedule: Company Profit Forecast Table: Sources of Eastern Financial and Technological Growth, Merchant Retail, Social Services, Light Paper, Agroforestry and Fisheries, and Textile Clothing Research.
The research assistant gives a brief overview of the study by Chang Dong-shek.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Eli shares (600887), which are now geared towards adjusting the incentive program, with long-term planning in mind, do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of these information, nor do we guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not be changed. We have tried to report on the content of the report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies