Day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Ely shares: stock incentive programmes optimized and expected to supplement the increase
Resolutions such as the Bill on Repurchase of Equity Purposes and the Draft Restrictive Stock Incentive Scheme 2019 (Revised). First, the draft equity incentive is optimized, and the incentive effect is expected to increase.
The draft (revision) is optimized at two levels: the stock award programme and the lock-off performance appraisal.
Income continues to grow and penetration continues to rise.
The plan is fast-tracked, the performance test is less demanding, and senior directors and other incentives should be reduced in proportion. The amount awarded is adjusted. On the one hand, the total amount of senior management participation incentives has been reduced, helping to eliminate the market segment.
Iri shares (60887), Quarterly reports, skeptics: On the other hand, the burden on other core players, especially young people, has been reduced, resulting in a rapid increase in income and improved profitability.
More core staff are involved in the incentive scheme. Moreover, the market ' s disagreement over the pre-adjustment incentive -- draft 2019/04/28 -- has led to a significant recent adjustment in the company ' s share price, which is legal and compliant.
At this level, there is room for a downward adjustment, but the draft (revision) does not make adjustments to the price to be awarded, highlighting the firm’s confidence. Unlocking the test level, the deduction of the net profit rate, is still required, but the net asset rate of return is constant.
These indicators take fully into account the company’s historical performance and current business situation, the operating environment, and its future development planning, among other things.
Sustained growth and profitability also place greater demands on the performance of business returns, while also increasing the importance and security of shareholder returns. Eli’s shareholdings: equity incentives are optimized, and it is hoped that the increase will be supplemented.
In our view, the adjusted equity incentive scheme is clearly optimized, and market concerns are dealt with positively in many ways. Of course, the assessment of stock award prices and net profit growth has not been adjusted, and it is believed that the market can be interpreted positively and more fully.
Understanding its rationality. This stock incentive test has a long period of time, has a high degree of uncertainty, and, given the company ' s mid-2019 and its three-quarter sales, there are real pressures on macroeconomic, business, and industry development. The average annual compound increase in net profits over the next five years.
The draft (revision) takes into account the interests of both the target audience, the company and the shareholders, values the feedback from the market, solves problems in a positive and rational way, and is expected to restore confidence in the market. If the program is finally implemented, the effect of the incentives is expected to increase.
Second, equity write-offs and incentive fee reductions will increase the likelihood that the company's eps. will catch up with the General Assembly's vote, and we will judge the probability that the adjusted programme will be adopted.
Eventually, the program will be implemented, raising profit forecasts and pss over the next few years. Prior periods, owing to market differences in understanding of incentive programs, there was a marked reversal in the stock prices of companies, and later, in the context of FDI expansion, the stock price performance of firms remained general and relatively low returns.
With the draft (revision), and with the restoration of market confidence and recognition of the company’s long-term investment value, we believe that the company is expected to catch up. We will not adjust profit forecasts and pss until the incentive program is voted on by the shareholders’ congress.
In combination with company fundamentals and taking into account short-term market sentiment, according to performance in 2019, Ely shares are given: stock incentive schemes are optimized and are expected to supplement the situation.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.