Ely shares (600887); industry's competitive pressure is constant, long-term value is constantly visible.
The company is one of the two main players in the dairy industry, and its products include liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, etc., with the advantage of warm milk, and the company is now actively developing new products.
The benefits of the channels are clear, and the company strengthens its strengths in the warmer sector and further widens the moat. Debts and cross-share presentations: Strong channel control and extension capacity are the company’s long-standing strengths, the process of sinking down the channels.
The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, the Goldenport Holdings, acquired 96.46% of Thailand’s shares in the Chomthanacompanymitted;
The company's full-time subsidiary, Goldport Holdings, will continue to compete strongly in New Zealand, and the firm's absolute share in the warm milk market is seeking 100% of the stock in Westland.
With a larger development lifeline, companies will be guided by increasing their market share for long-term development. In the first half of the year, the company’s operating data fully supported the logic, the company’s channel penetration rate increased further, and milk’s share in retail markets increased.
The penetration rate was 83.9 per cent, with 2.7 pct increasing by 86.2 per cent in three-to-four-line cities, an increase of 2.3 pct increasing by the same year. 19h1 companies steadily increased their share in the retail market by 2.4 pct on the same basis, with 5.8 pc increasing their share in the same ratio.
This was 50%, still the first market share of the product category. In the context of more intense competition in the industry, the sales of the priority products were good, with sales of priority products such as the company “Golden” “Anmush” increasing by 30% in the first half of the year compared to the same period in the previous year.
The impact of competitive factors in the short-term sector is reflected in the pressure on the low-temperature milk industry. Firms have a strong expectation that the industry will continue to compete in the short term. To consolidate the company’s moderate advantage and achieve the goal of integrated cross-goods development, firms need to increase the investment of costs.
So we judge that sales costs are or will remain high, and the competitive factors of the first half of the year have been reflected in profit performance. 19h1 companies have seen a certain increase in sales costs and in the remuneration of administrative costs, mainly because of the increase in the number of staff in the second half of the year of the company’s new organizational department and the South-East Asian market’s international operations department.
Research assistant Jang Dong-shek, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Ely shares (600887); The industry's competitive pressure is constant and the long-term value continues to be highlighted by a relatively high sales rate of 24.7 per cent for 19h1 sales, a management rate of 4.25 per cent, an increase of 0.75 pct over the same period. Combined with the upward pressure on the prices of swab milk since the beginning of the year, the Māori rate has fallen slightly, with a net interest rate of 8.4 per cent for 19h1 and a corresponding rate of 0.3 pct.
The domestic cryogenic sector is growing rapidly, and the cooling sector is not a corporate advantage, and the company will still have more resources available to promote new products and sink. In the context of the constant heat-acid milk shock, which competes with regional dairy companies, the firm’s low-temperature-temperature sector is under pressure, and its share of retail sales in the low-temperature liquid milk market is down 1.1 pct on the same scale.
The choice of dairy products has been growing, the focus of the two-hut has been gradually dissipated, Eli and Monx will gradually move on to different competitive paths, Eli will focus on temperate advantages, horizontal cuttings will be made, the mousse will continue to widen the moat river, and the dairy industry, based on the advantages of upstream pastures and cold-chain resources, will increase barriers to industry. The company’s promotion of new products has been successful, with breakthroughs in the anmush-flavoured upgrade, better soy milk growth, and light organic products, with 19H1 selling revenue rising by 17.4% and 2.6 pt from 2018.
In the case of milk powder, the retail market share of infant and young child formulae has increased by 0.6 pct on a year-on-year basis, with a 30% increase in gold crown sales revenue, and the company’s high-end process of producing milk powder. In competition in a fierce industry, companies have succeeded in winning the market share, and new products have expanded well, further demonstrating the company’s strength as a leader without fear of competitive pressure.
Long-term corporate values rise, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating. East’s financial and intellectual boom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Ely shares (600887); the industry's competitive pressure is constant and long-term values are on the rise.
Research on materials, retail trade, social services, light-work paper, agro-forestry fisheries, textile clothing.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.