Day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Eili shares: stock incentive scheme quickly landed and performance evaluation requirements were relaxed
Incentive targets (including company directors, executives, core technical (business) cadres and key employees) 182,920,025 restricted shares, representing 3 per cent of the company's total equity, awarded prices Released sales, performance appraisals targeted at deducting net profit growth from non-return to the mother and net asset returns.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation considered the adoption of the Repurchase Programme on 8 April, began on 6 May with its own funds, and accumulated 182,920,025 shares as at 24 July.
3 per cent, and on 25 July, at an interim meeting of the Board of Directors, consideration was given to the adoption of the Bill on the Completion of Repurchase of Company Stock Purchases, which was announced yesterday, 10 days later, as a restricted stock incentive scheme, total equity/flow (million shares)
The equity buy-back and stock incentive scheme is fast-tracked. The scheme has a wide range of incentives, including corporate directors, senior managers, core technical (business) cadres and corporate performance and incentives that the company believes should be stimulated.
The purpose of the plan is to further: rapid income growth and improved profitability.
To improve the governance structure of the company, to improve and improve incentives, to motivate the management team, and to effectively combine shareholder interests, corporate interests and core team interests.
The stock award price is a 50% discount and the incentive is more than sufficient on the day before the announcement of the transaction. Four quarters alone, slightly overexpected, continued high revenue in 2019, taking into account long-term cycles and recent market developments, with a relatively relaxed performance test to limit sales locking.
The performance requirement includes deduction of the net profit growth rate and net asset rate of return.
Net profit growth (discrete the impact of the corresponding costs of the incentive schemes)
Net interest rates declined significantly by 7.31 per cent and 10.32 per cent. The company’s current income volume is large, but only analysed at the level of net profit not attributable to the mother, and the 2018 base is not high, with the recovery and increase of net interest rates and higher growth elasticity of net profit not attributable to the mother, excluding incentive costs.
In the context of the company's many key ratios over the last three years and in 2019q1, the company's Māori sales rate is stable, and although the original milk price has risen since the second quarter of this year, it has benefited from the upgrading of the product structure, the continuing rise in the share of high-end new products, and the expansion of new products and new businesses.
Māori sales rates continue to be high and stable in the coming years: sales rates in 2018, economies of scale showing a marginal improvement, and net sales interest rates are expected to be low in 2018 after removing the effects of incentives in 2019-2023.
As long as income continues to grow well, the probability of completing the evaluation of net profit after deducting non-incentive costs is high. From the point of view of the inter-segregated growth rate, another test indicator, the company’s deduction of the net root (weighted) remains at around 22% for the long term.
There is also a significant increase in the level of 2019q1 on the same scale. Considering that companies spend more on capital spending in the next two years, there will be some pressure on net asset yields, but the probability of achieving it is also very high in terms of the status quo and the space set aside.
Analysis at the level of market expectations reveals that the differences are mainly based on a less demanding performance test, and the market fears that actual incentives will have less effect than expected. The differences stem from a gap between the market and the listed companies in their judgement of the future trends and patterns of competition in the industry and the future development of the market.
The emotional unacceptability of the test requirement, or the relative difficulty of the industry and market revealed by listed companies, requires market time and Ely's share: stock incentives are fast landings and performance tests are less demanding.
Considering the impact of incentive cost amortization on reporting profits, we maintain our judgement on corporate fundamentals: revenue continues to grow faster, with the target of $500 billion in 2020 likely to be met, net interest rates on sales stabilized in 2019, and a possible turning point in 2020.
But given that the non-linear amortization of incentive costs will have a greater impact on the reported profits over the next three years, we have adjusted the company’s profit projections appropriately. Taking into account the company’s fundamentals and combining short-term market sentiment, give it according to performance in 2019.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.