Erie shares (600887), focus on making sure that the next ten years are up and running.
On August 5, the company issued an announcement to award 183 million restricted shares to 474 incentive recipients.
The company is now active in developing new products, including liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, etc. The company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Goldports Holdings, has acquired Thailand’s own products.
(b) 100 per cent of New Zealand's shareholding in the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Goldports.
Unlocking conditions weaken the rate of profit growth, which will continue to be driven by a larger share over the next five years. Companies target net profits lower than expected, mainly because they expect more than they expect from the competition that will continue in the short term in the industry.
With the rapid growth of the cooling industry and the objectives of the IRI Inter-Territorial Development, companies need to increase their spending over the next five years, so we can judge the cost of sales or we can see that the price of the original milk in the future is up in the long run.
Historically, corporate management’s equity incentives have shown that there will also be periods of over-expectedness during the unlocking period, and that Eli’s investment value is long-standing. The current incentives determine management’s stability and ensure that the next decade is overtaken by events.
The annual share of core business and technical staff is 0.99% of options and restricted stock incentives. Historical experience shows that incentives retain a core team for Eli, laying down the market position of Eli today, Chang Dong-shai.
East Hing Securities reports Ely's shares (600887), which is an incentive to ensure the next decade's flight.
This equity incentive, which is designed to bind core management in depth, and especially the high proportion of senior executives’ incentives, is a further indication of management’s continued ownership of the business. Eli’s need to make a new leap forward in the next decade to become the world’s top milk company in 2030, requires the next step, and the dairy industry’s production, marketing, marketing, and up-to-date needs to be highly responsive and demanding of the team.
The firm’s confidence in 19H1 performance is also demonstrated by the completion of stock buybacks before the reported performance is disclosed. In the short term, strong competition in the industry appears, with differences between firms appearing in the medium term, and in the long term with Nestlé, China.
There's blood on the low-temperature milk, and the focus on the double head will gradually be scattered, and Eli and Montagnard will gradually move on to the path of differentiated competition. We will also address the choice of the double head at the “crossroad” in the next depth of the dairy industry. Eli will focus on the “circumstance” advantage, carry out horizontal techniques, expand the moustache river, plant the dairy industry on the basis of upstream pastures and cold chain capital, and raise the barriers to the industry on a continuous basis.
It is true that the current stimulus program of Eli is still a bit unanticipated, but the future is in the making. Instead of 24, 23, and 20 times, we still view the long-term improvement in the pattern of competition in the industry, the rise in corporate value, and the maintenance of a “highly recommended” rating.
East Hing Securities reports Ely's shares (600887), which is an incentive to ensure the next decade's flight.
Research on materials, retail trade, social services, light-work paper, agro-forestry fisheries, textile clothing.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.