Tungway shares, fishing luminous doubles, opening a new chapter of growth.
Assets are on the market as a whole; multi-crystal silicon (infinity shares) leads with battery tablets (inputed solar energy), energy, technology, cost, etc., professional synergies and projects. Photovoltaic asset injections, fishing + photovoltaic double-drawn head: company is a global tap for aquatic feed, country.
The internal market held 12-15%; two capital operations in 2016 led to the introduction of luminous capital of the Tumway Group into listed companies, and the creation of a luminous fish industry + a two-deep head. oligopoly in the multi-crystal silicon sector, with a strong rise in eternal shares: oligopoly in the domestic and foreign silicon industry.
As a result, a domestic anti-dumping review of Korea has been initiated, and import substitution is expected to accelerate. The company’s full capital stock, with its current capacity of 20,000 tons, is proposed to expand its share of 50,000 tons jointly with the Lungi stock; production, with a total cost of less than 60,000 yuan/tons, is one of the world’s highest.
Extensions, efficiency gains, downswings, leading battery film-making enterprises: solar combing, full capital subsidiary of the company, 3.4gw with battery film production capacity, 2017-2019, expected to expand to 5.4gw, 8gw, 10gw, respectively, by the end of 2019; battery conversion efficiency industry leading and well-accepted by clients; “base” for fine management
As a result, non-silicon costs fell to 0.3 yuanw in 2016, significantly below the industry average.
Dramatic water resources from down-dwelling channels are prominent, and the business model has been gradually validated by the connectivity project.The risk of excess photovoltaic manufacturing capacity using the market price of 25 April 2017; the risk of light-restricted electricity disposal, default on subsidies, and deterioration of the nature of the land; and the risk of fishing.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting business Agroforestry and Fisheries: Feeding
Tungway shares, Tungwee shares, photovoltage assets infused, fishing + photovoltaic doubles.
Aquatic feed is a global leader, with a strong traditional business, and the traditional business of the Tonway shares is dominated by the feed industry, which is also involved in areas related to aquaculture research, aquaculture, animal conservation, food processing, etc., and is a leading agricultural industry company.
The company’s production and marketing network has been deployed in most parts of the country, as well as in Viet Nam, Bangladesh, Bangladesh, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam,
Southeast Asian countries, such as Indonesia. Tonway shares are aiming at the grand vision of “Improving the quality of human life and achieving the world's water medals”, and is firmly committed to the development of feed and aquaculture industries, and actively extending the industrial chain to build world-class safe food suppliers.
Tonway shares a strong scientific development and autonomous innovation power, a world-class research team and a research and development system. Since its inception, the company has invested hundreds of millions of dollars in 13 major research and development bases, while at the same time it has been a year in developed countries such as the University of Oppen, the University of Helsinki, Finland, Japan, etc.
Strategic cooperation has led to the establishment of long-standing technical and strategic cooperation centres with various feed companies and professional institutions abroad, with a long-term commitment to animal nutrition, environmental protection, plant-based fish farming, food safety and sustainable development of the farming industry, the development of international-class feed products, and the initiation and cultivation of many.
Supported by technology, the company has been able to transform its marketing model and has integrated marketing teams throughout the country and in the South-East Asian region, equipped with technical, managerial, financial and other services covering the entire farming process.
The company's original “365” aquaculture model, the “6615” pig-breeding model, combined with the promotion of “fishing as one” and smart farming systems, can be effective in promoting efficiency and efficiency in farming, enhancing company-client integration and improving market integration.
After two capital operations in which the group’s luminous assets were listed as a whole, 100 per cent of the energy stock (for $4.82 million) and 99.999 per cent of the shares held by the 17 non-natural persons such as the Tonway Group, the Giant Group, shareholders and 29 natural persons such as Tang Guangjing, among others (for the price).
Two billion yuan to invest in 90mw “Fightlight One” project, 105mw “Rural House Roof Project” and supplementary capital flows. Tonwe's new power source is the power plant operating platform of the Tontowe Group, with the permanent shares being the country's leading multi-crysilica production enterprise; in other words, through this capital operation, the group's multi-crysilica,
In October 2016, the company issued about 923 million shares for the acquisition of Fatty Coats held by the Tungwei Group.
The solar compost was formerly a limited public division of Xavilldk Solar High Technology (SHP), and was the largest single photovoltaic cell plant in the world in the development, production and sale of multi-crystal silicon batteries; it was acquired and continued to operate as a battery film business by the Twilight Group.
Battery assets were injected into listed companies. After two capital operations, the Tungwee Group achieved the full listing of photovoltaic assets; the Tungwee shares have thus constructed a relatively complete photovoltaic industrial chain of multiple crystals silicon-cell tablets-photovoltaic power stations (currently 350mw).
Component capacity, 500 mw multi-crystal silicon and silicon silicon silicon are in the process of being built, but this is not detailed) and has led to the creation of a second major industry, fishing + light “twinheads.” Figure 1. Main business of the company (in red box)
At present, the company’s first shareholder is Tonway Group Limited, which holds 52.45% of the company’s shares. By holding 80% of the Tonway Group Limited’s shares, Mr. Han Won became the company’s de facto controller;
Mr. Han Won is the President and Vice-President of the 11th session of the Standing Committee of the National Political Consultative Conference, the Central Committee of the People's Construction Association, the China Feeding Industry Association, the Vice-President of the China Fisheries Association, the Vice-President of the New Energy Chamber of Commerce and Industry of the China Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and the Vice-President of the Forestry and Fisheries Economic Society of China, and has abundant resources in the field of feed and light.
The total number of subsidiaries and holding companies under the Tonway shares is 82, of which Yongxiang shares, combing solar energy, Xinxin energy sources are, respectively, multi-crystal silicon, battery tablets, photovoltaic power station platforms, and traditional major operations through the remaining 79 companies, such as forage, fishery farming, etc.
Tungwee shares Chart 2. Tungwee equity structures
(a) “Fostering focus, putting in place, operating efficiently” business approach, optimizing the structure of feed products, continuing to promote the “365” model of aquatic science farming with aquatic feed as its core product and advantage;
The group’s infusion of permanent shares, compost solar energy, and renewable energy sources was achieved in 2016, and the photovoltaic blocks (including chemical industries) increased significantly in the earnings and profits of listed companies. In 2016, they achieved a total revenue of $5,918 million, with a Māori rate of 25.4% and a significant increase in the overall profitability of the company.
Chart 5. Overview of Tonway's feed business Figure 6. Tonway's profit level and cost over time
forage sales (left axis) Tonway shares, new light-voltage machines stable, and Chinese manufacturing is far ahead.
According to ihs, the global capacity of new photovoltaics in 2016 is about 77gw, an increase of about 34% over the same period; a small drop is expected in 2017 in the capacity of large photovoltaics countries, while emerging regions such as India are expected to maintain high growth rates. According to ihs, the global capacity of new photovoltaics will be reached in 2017.
According to statistics from the National Energy Agency, in 2016, as a result of the “630” wave, the number of new photovoltaics installed in the country reached an all-time high of 34.54gw, an increase of about 130 per cent over the same period. At the end of 2017, the price of domestic photovoltaic access electricity was facing another downward revision, but as a result of reduced policy marginal utility, it was expected that the looting would be weak in 2016 and installed in 2016.
According to the China Photovoltaic Association, China’s Photovoltaic Industry Development Road, growth is expected to continue. Figure 7.
At present, China occupies four of the top ten silicon enterprises in the world, with a multi-silicon capacity of 45-50 per cent of total global capacity; the top 10 producers of the world ' s main silicon are domestic producers, with domestic silicon producing capacity of about 70-80 per cent of global capacity; and seven of the world ' s leading battery companies are continental and two are continental.
Domestic battery film production is about 60 to 70 per cent of the world's total capacity, for a company owned by the United States; eight of the world's leading photovoltaic component enterprises are mainland and two are United States-owned, and domestic component production currently accounts for about 65 to 70 per cent of global capacity. Thus, “China manufacturing” in the chain of photovoltaic main industries is already worldwide.
Figure 8. Global share of domestic capacity in the main chain of photovoltaic industries, April 27, 2017
Tungwee shares, oligarchization of the multi-crystal silicon industry, strong rise of the Ever-Silica stock, and a multi-crystal silicon oligopoly pattern that accelerates import substitution.
Polycrystal silicon is one of the most technological barriers in the entire crystalline silicone light-voltage chain, with the largest investment and the longest construction period. The large-scale effects of multicrysilized silicon manufacture are more pronounced than in the battery assembly manufacturing chain, and the requirements for process are higher, so that the global solar silicon supply pattern is becoming oligopolistic.
The international giants include Wacker in Germany, rec in the United States, hemlock and Sunedison (dissolved, some of which were purchased by the PSA energy), Oci in Korea, and Tokuyama in Japan. In July 2012, the Chinese Ministry of Commerce announced a “double counter-argument” against the import of multi-crystal silicon from the United States and Korea.
The initial anti-dumping and countervailing findings were published in July 2013 and September 2013 and the final anti-dumping and countervailing results were published in January 2014, and the “double-reverse” tax rates of the United States multi-silic enterprise were over 50 per cent, losing in principle the Chinese market: the Korean giant, Oci, had a symbolic rate of 2.4 per cent and other corporate taxes.
In the case of China's multi-crystal silicon “double-reverse” case against the European Union, both sides decided to suspend the solar-scale polycrystal silicon plus with effect from 1 September 2014 by issuing Public Notice No. 58 of 2014 on the suspension of the solar-grade multi-crystal silicon processing trade import industry in March 2014, the Ministry of Commerce and the General Customs Administration.
In November 2016, the Ministry of Commerce issued a bulletin on the interim review of anti-dumping measures applicable to the import of solar-grade polysilica originating in Korea, which we expect to raise significantly, and China.
In this context, Korea’s multi-crystal silicon plant pre-empts the opening of a trading company in the country, exports its production and inventory to the Chinese market in large quantities, and dumps them.
If South Korea’s tax rate rises significantly, then import substitution will accelerate further, outside the US and South Korea, and only in Germany, a major importing region, and domestic multi-crystal silicon producers will come up with new opportunities. At the end of 2011, the Ministry of Trade and Finance published Access Conditions for the multi-crysilica sector, and announced 20 entry firms.
In 2012, the price of polycrystal silicon continued to decline, the foreign giants accelerated their dumping into the country, and most of the country’s multicrysilica enterprises were forced to stop production or to change their skills. After several years of shuffling, the country has also evolved into a socialist, a super-electricist, an all-embracing company.
Source-based oligarchic patterns. According to the Silicon Industry Branch of the China Non-ferrous Metal Industry Association, in 2016, the country ' s multi-crystal silicon production capacity was about 210,000 tons, of which the four enterprises accounted for more than half.
Tonway shares, with both cost and technical advantages, are among the leading players in the business of silicon, polyvinyl chloride (pvc), incine, cement, etc.
Focusing on the development of multi-crystal silicon, based on chlor-alkali, involving both new energy sources and traditional chlor-alkali industries, both of which have already achieved the model of a circular economic chain from silicon, pvc, multi-crystal silicon to cement. The business model is characterized by a combination of material recycling and cleaner production, which maximizes waste into capital.
Source, increasing the combined use of resources, while reducing production energy consumption and production costs. Yongxiang shares are located in the five-bridged area of Leanshan City, which is rich in water, electricity, coal, silicon powder and salami resources, while the area is easily accessible, and good location is conditioned on the birth of the silicon.
Accomplishment. After years of development, eternal shares now form a complete “Chemical-New Energy” recycling chain, with energy savings and adequate waste use, with a clear industrial synergy, the only industry in the country that has a chemical-silicon conglomerate.
On April 27, 2017, Tung Wai's shares, after years of development, have grown into a leading company in the country's multi-crystal silicon industry.
In March 2017, the company issued an announcement that Yongxiang shares were to participate in a joint venture with Lungi shares in the Fifth Bridge area of Leansan City.
Xiang Xiang shares 85% and Lungi shares 15%) build 50,000 tons of high-purity polysilica per year with a new energy of billions. The first phase of the project is scheduled to start by 30 June 2017 and is expected to be completed by 2018. The second phase will be driven by market demand.
At the beginning of 2015, Yongxiang shares completed the transformation of integrated energy-saving technologies such as silicon cold hydrogenization with tetrachloride, which resulted in significant savings in the combined energy consumption of multi-crystal silicon unit products, particularly below 80 kwh/kg.
At the same time, Yongxiang also owns 120,000 tonnes/year of pvc, 100,000 tonnes/year of burning alkali, 1 million tonnes/year of electrical slag cement, forming a complete chain of circular economic industries with multi-crystal silicon, five technological upgrades without loss of investment and cost of sinking, and now has a cumulative investment of 20,000 tonnes of production capacity.
$3.2 billion, with an investment of about $160/kg per unit; a proposed investment of $8 billion in new capacity of 50,000 and an investment of $160/kg per unit; this figure is more than 30% lower than the industry average, so annual depreciation is lower than the industry average and therefore plays an important role in reducing costs. Cost control is the multi-crystal silicon industry.
Core competitiveness, the cash cost of the permanent shares has now been reduced to less than $45,000 per ton, and production costs are lower than $60,000 per ton, with a total cost of less than $70,000 per ton, and are among the highest in the country and even globally.
The low cost of electricity in areas such as Xinjiang and Inner Mongolia has a clear cost advantage; however, there is a lack of a human environment to attract and retain talent and a lack of a good industrial mix, driven mainly by science and technology and management
The transfer of the power multi-crystal silicon project to such areas is a constraint. Etrange shares are located in Sichuan Leung Mountain, adjacent to the West and close to Chengdu, and the comparative advantage of science and technology management over Xinjiang and Inner Mongolia is a great challenge to the cost of electricity.
In addition, the overall supply of and demand for electricity in Sichuan province are in need of change, and the phenomenon of “dumping water” is serious, and it is expected that market-based trade in electricity, such as the direct purchase of electricity, will continue unabated, and that the cost of electricity in Sichuan province will probably fall.In 2012-2016, the amount of “drain water” electricity in Sichuan province was 76, 26, 97, 102, 14.2 billion kwh, respectively.
Three years of sustained growth. While building out corridors to enhance hydropower delivery capacity, Sichuan Province has promoted direct electricity purchases by users in the province, implementing the 2017 Sichuan direct power acquisition programme to support supply-side restructuring, promoting the production of some industries, deciding on the use of electronic information in the province, electrolytic aluminium, multi-crystal silicon, steel, iron and steel.
The backbone of the chlor-alkali industry has increased its support by expanding its total supply of electricity to 50 billion kwh in 2017 and facilitating the reduction of the cost of electricity through market-based trading through the Sichuan Power Exchange Centre, which was established in May 2016. On March 1, 2017, Sichuan's first electricity purchase transaction was completed.
Electricity is 1.72 billion kwh at a cost of 0.2 yuan/kwh, which is about 0.1 yuan/kwh less than the price of electricity on the Internet, which is a significant reduction in the cost of electricity for the enterprise. Therefore, the cost of electricity for Etsuo shares will be further reduced in the future.
Billion dollars, $261 million, overperformed performance commitments.
In September 2016, the company completed the acquisition of 100% of the share in the compost solar energy by issuing shares to the Tonw Group, and the compost solar energy of 2.3gw was injected into the public company.
Fertilizer was established in August 2010 with a total investment of 2.5 billion yuan, with an initial design capacity of 1.6gw; Tungwee Group acquired Fertilizer and implemented a technological upgrade in 2013 with a total capacity of 2.3gw in five workshops with 32 lines of electricity and a total capacity of 2.4gw.
The company is also actively promoting the construction of a two-stream light-voltage cell base in the capital, with a one-gw capacity project in July 2016 starting ahead of schedule. At present, the company actually owns two photovoltaic-cell production bases, with a combined capacity of 3.4gw and is in the front line of a domestic photovoltaic enterprise.
In December 2016, the company completed the mobilization of $3 billion in matching funds to invest in the Fertilizer II project, with an agreement in January of the year with the government of the two-stream region that the company would build a new 4gw high-efficiency silicon cell production project in the two-stream area, which would be divided into two and three phases, with a projected total investment of 2gw.
10gw Battery Size Vision Strategic Plan, which captures the trend of efficiency and deep client approval of the country's driving light through the promotion of indicators for the "leader" scheme and even the "super-leader plan"
Voltage technology is moving towards efficiency; efficiency is also a necessary factor to achieve parity of access to the Internet. The company’s technical backbone is drawn from leading companies such as Teng, Artes, Crystal, Jing Oo, Hanhua, Moody, Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing; the company attaches great importance to R & D, with R & D investment accounting for more than 3% of income per year.
Very effective; battery conversion efficiency is now at or above industry level, with some technologies well above industry level. Convergence shares, stable scale supply, excellent product quality, increasing conversion efficiency, and promotion of corporate battery chips.
The company also received a high-quality supplier name from a large customer on several occasions as a result of the high degree of recognition of the downstream component client business. The cost industry is leading, and the profitability of the business is excellent.
The company's traditional main feed business has a low Māori rate and a high demand for precision management, so the company has a “genetic” of fine management. Since entering the photovoltaic industry, the company has actively taken advantage of this by continuously optimizing production processes, reducing production costs and improving economic efficiency.
The cost of the company ' s non-silicon cost was about 0.34/w, further reduced to 0.3/w by the end of 2016, significantly lower than the industry ' s flat shares, and the cost advantage of the company ' s battery was directly reflected in the profitability level, as the industry was in the first half of 2016.
The company’s gross profit rate is more than 20% and its net interest rate is more than 10%; when the boom fell in the second half of 2016, when the price of the battery fell sharply to the loss of most firms, the company was able to maintain a net interest rate level of about 5%. We believe that in future expansion of capacity, the company’s cost advantage will be a strong guarantee of the digestion of capacity.
The performance commitments of the Group for the battery film business (combined solar energy) are as follows: net profit from withholding in 2016-2019 is not less than $395 million, 608 million, 769 million, and 820 million. In 2016, the combined sun actually achieved net profit from withholding in the amount of $445 million, exceeding performance commitments.
There's plenty of room for development, and fishing is an important form of photovoltaic applications in the country.
My country is a major agricultural country, rich in agricultural resources. But for a long time, our agriculture has been characterized by a single development model and low resource utilization, which has in part impeded the modernization of our agricultural sector. In this context, the “agriculture+distribution” development model has become me.
One of the main directions in the development of the country's photovoltaic industry is that agricultural sheds, beach paints, fish ponds, lakes are the main form of the “ground-drawn-out” that is closely linked to rural areas. These are excellent examples of agricultural + luminous water production, which amounts to 120 million acres, of which 900 million acres are in freshwater production, mainly in rural areas.
Focusing on regions with relatively well-developed economies such as the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle, the Ring Sea and the two lakes, which are also our power load centres and power demand centres, the “light complementarity” project, which is now being built in the market and the company's “light as one” photovoltaic power station project, is also mainly located in the region, with a high demand for electricity.
At the current industry average, the 1mw “fishing light” power station needs to occupy about 30 acres of farmed water. We farm 120 million acres of water, with 45 million acres of fine ponds, which theoretically support the country.
The potential size of the 1,500gw “fishing light as one” and the market space are wide.
Aquaculture water resources, for example, build photovoltaic power stations on them; synchronize fish ponds, introduce modern fisheries facilities, intelligent management, change traditional farming patterns, promote efficiency and efficiency in farming, and create a stereo-based business model of “light symbiotic fishing”.
The main part of the project's investment is “light” (photovoltaic power plant), which accounts for more than 96 per cent of total investment in projects, and “light” in many of the country's eastern, southern, central and other areas rich in water resources, which already have many mature business attempts and stand-alone business opportunities.
But most surface photovoltaic stations currently ignore or affect the efficiency and effectiveness of underwater farming for a variety of reasons. The company’s “fishing as one” exploits the combined advantages of a company’s mixed photovoltaic, aquatic industry experience.
In parallel with the construction of water-based photovoltaic power plants, the organic integration of photovoltaic power stations and aquaculture into a stereo “light symbiotic” economy, both solving the problem of land use for the construction of photovoltaic power stations in the central and eastern regions and adapting them to the need to transmit changes in aquaculture, making farming more resource-efficient, efficient and safe.
The company leased fish ponds from the county, town, village government or farmer and then adapted them to facilities, smart fishing standards and based on the company's test data.
Experience has shown that photovoltaic power stations are installed at appropriate proportions on fish ponds, while aquaculture is carried out in fish ponds, where aquaculture and photovoltaic power stations are managed and operated in a uniform manner. Electricity from photovoltaic power stations is sold online to grid companies and aquaculture products are sold directly to markets at local light voltage pole prices.
Figure 22. The business model of the Tungwei stock "Fisheries One" creates a professional advantage, subsides client resources, and after many years of industrial farming, has grown into the world's largest water feed producer and our master.
In the search for long-term sustainability, the company has been actively exploring new business models, while researching new farming models, such as “facilities fisheries” and “smart fisheries”, that have been effective in increasing the efficiency of farming, has yielded significant results, but how to further strengthen the relationship between the company and the farmers.
In this context, the company has increased its research on projects such as “Fisheries One” and has made significant progress, completed a summary of the corresponding technology and farming models, and laid the groundwork for follow-up projects.
Starting in 2013, companies simulated “light as one” environments in Nanjing, Xiaoyang, etc., to carry out experimental research on farming, the results of which were consistent with expectations, saving more than 30% of farm costs and electricity and increasing labour productivity by 50%.
The above-mentioned increase in feed conversion rates of more than 15 per cent and a greater increase in farm productivity resulted in on-site acceptance by the Institute of Secondary Education and the corresponding experts from the Ministry of Agriculture, which provided a wealth of farm experience and technical support for the company's large-scale “fishing light” project. At the same time, the company's research in this area was carried out.
The results were recognized by companies that had developed “light complementarities”-type photovoltaic power plants earlier in their industries, such as Paul’s Association. Through the “light-for-fishing” project, companies maximized the synergies between the company’s “farm-house resources” and “light-for-work” resources.
Development of upstream and middle-stream operations; sustainable development of corporate operations through aquaculture below photovoltaic power stations, integrated operation and management with photovoltaic stations, reducing later-stage management costs, and generating growth in the company ' s original feed business.
Tonway shares. Over the years, companies have developed a long and stable cooperative relationship with a large number of farmers, which has enabled them to access more and easier water resources to build photovoltaic power stations.
The number of customers involved in the company’s aquaculture is 23 provinces and cities, involving about 100,000 farmers and 3 million acres of water surface; the potential load of water resources in the company’s customer system is about 100 gw. The potential load of solar energy is estimated at 300 gw if each direct client drives three indirect customers.
There is scope for further expansion of the existing client base of the company, with increased market development, increased awareness of the fishing industry at all levels of government, increased user recognition, and the prospect of a growing community of corporate farmers.
By the end of 2016, the company had approved a photovoltaic power project amounting to 800mw, which was under construction, with a project reserve of more than 3gw, distributed mainly in Jiangsu, Anse, Inner Mongolia, and Mongolia.
Liaoning, Henan, Shandong, Jiangxi, Sichuan, etc.
By the end of 2016, grid-connected electricity generation had been successful in Jiangsu, including the East 11.18mw "Fishing Light as One" Photovoltaic Power Station, Jiangxinan Chang 22.58mw "Fishing Light as One" Photovoltaic Power Station, Inner Mongolia Bayanjul 10.95mw Agricultural Light Complemented Ground Power Station, Liaoning Dyang 20mw Earth Power Station, Gilling White City 20mw Ground Power Station and Ansign
For example, Jiangsu has become a model case of a combination of “fish + light voltage” with the result that “water production is sustainable, clean energy is produced, and water is produced as high-quality water products is produced”. At the same time, the corresponding fish ponds are cultivated.
In the feeding phase, and with the full use of the Tungwee farming technology, the Tungwei shares in the project as a whole will be further enhanced by the selection of the lungki shares of the photovolt block, the super-electrician, the collusive integration, the Orient light, the solar energy, and so on.
Compared to the value of the fishing plate ' s big group, Tianbang shares, Big North, and Tang Mang of China as comparable companies, the results show that the relative valuation levels of companies are low, the company ' s traditional fisheries are well developed, the costs of photovoltaic manufacturing are ahead, and the advantages of "fishing together" are clear to us.
On April 27, 2017, the expansion of the fruit industry was radical and could lead again to overcapacity.
The risk of the deterioration of the nature of the land by the disposal of light-limited electricity, the default of subsidies, and the nature of the land are three major problems currently facing domestic photovoltaic power plants, which, if further exacerbated, will affect domestic loading requirements Fisheries plates are not profitable as expected: there is a risk that the company ' s traditional fishing plates will not be profitable as expected.
On April 27, 2017, the relevant listed companies were mentioned in the study of Tonway's shares.
China Group (002311.ch/KWD 16.7, with no rating) Tian Bong shares (002124.ch/KWD 9.29, bought in) All figures in this report are rounded
Tonway shares.