Events: Life of China published its third quarterly report, 2022, and earned 7010.12 Chinese life (601628.sh) in the first three quarters of 2022.
Size values keep the market ahead, new business values match expectations.
The value of the business was the same as 15.4 per cent, the normal epidemiological control and the sale of heavy-risk products during the same period last year. \triangleright totaled 783 million people, of whom 720,000 were in danger of sale, and the workforce as a whole.
It slows down, and the sales force is becoming more stable. Human-level companies have always maintained a strategy of team development that is “stable, stable, and effective” and has firmly promoted the transformation of the workforce, while keeping the size of the team stable and increasing its quality.
Flexiblely adjust investment strategies, and the net return on investment is growing robustly. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company \triangleright was flexible in adjusting its investment strategy and configuration, based on the complex macro context of the previous three quarters.
The interest-rate market environment is flexible in adjusting the pace and strategy of bond allocation and, in due course, in taking advantage of equity investment opportunities to achieve modest returns. By addressing the complex investment environment, net investment returns are growing robustly, while maintaining sufficient core and total capital under the solvency two-phase rule.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: corporate performance in the first three quarters of 2022 was overall in line with expectations, size and value indicators were ahead of the list, and channel reform continued to promote careerization and professional transformation of the workforce.
At the same time, with the formal arrival of a new management, we are expected to bring about more sophisticated and professional operations and management, with risk factors: recovery of agents affected by the epidemic at a slower pace than expected: increase in the pool of agents
\triangleright Difficulty and declining capacity led to loss of people; high volatility in capital markets led to a sharp drop in investment returns
Figure 1: New policy premiums (millions of dollars) and speed increases.
Figure 3: Number of agents (millions) and speed of increase, General Manager, General Manager, Guanghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Portfolio, and Hakubo Securities. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Agency in November 2019, responsible for non-banking financial research.
M.A., Master of Economics, Shandong University, Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years of research experience in the non-banking financial sector, formerly Zhang Kaijing, Master of Science, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials industry, June 2022 Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for the non-banking financial sector.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.