China's Life (601628): agent drops, further narrows, and the liabilities are expected to be “heavy - China's Life Report 2022 Quarterly Performance Reviews”
China's Life Disclosures, 3-quarterly in 2022, achieved business income of 701,012 million yuan during the reporting period, compared to less than the same time, and the company is a leading company in the domestic life insurance industry.
Core members, with a long history and a strong presence, are affected by the epidemic and equity market fluctuations in three quarters, with neither end of the debt portfolio showing medium-term performance, but are still superior, professionally leading competitive and world-renowned brands.
The three-quarter epidemic has continued to spread, negatively affecting the proxies, gaining the trust of the widest range of clients in society, always occupying the country, and the disillusionment of agents has not been completely reversed, keeping corporate liabilities under pressure.
The position of the head of the internal insurance market is known as the “middle-stream pillar” of China's insurance industry. The company is China's largest life expectancy, down 15.4 per cent from the year to the medium term by 1.6 percentage points.
Insurance companies, with China ' s highest net investment returns of 4.03 per cent and 4.12 per cent, comprising insurance marketing agents, group insurance salesmen and professional and mixed agents, respectively, representing a decrease of 0.18 and 0.03 percentage points, respectively, over the medium term,
A wide distribution network. Companies provide personal life insurance, but they still perform more prominently on both ends of the liability investment than in comparable situations. Group life, accident and health insurance products and clothing
It is China’s leading individual and group life insurance and annual insurance agent that has continued to shrink, and the trend has shifted towards the possibility of emerging.
The size of the company’s pool of insurance agents has continued to decline since mid-2020, but by three and 3.5% before 2022. Compared to major counterparts, corporate agents have a certain advantage, both in absolute size and in scale, to support the increase in premium size and to reduce the risk of a fall in the market’s share.
The effect of the reform of the channels has gradually become apparent, with agents “reduced” but “improved”. In recent years, companies have continued to “lightly and lightly” in terms of increasing their staff, promoting the upgrading of the production capacity of risk teams.
The senior sales team's “Basic Law”, which focuses on newcomers, supervisors and merit groups, enhances business quality management, and the circulation b/h (millions of units) creates a virtuous culture and promotion mechanism that enhances the stability of the core team of agents.
In the event of a reduction in the number of agents in the Division, the premium for the new policy increased by 6.3 per cent over the same period, with an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period in the first ten years and years. In addition, the silver insurance channel became the “stabilizer” and the “growth pole” of the premium in the event of a decline in the speed of agency channels.
After continuous reform and re-routing, the company’s push for new projects has gradually come to fruition. Repeated outbreaks, increased industry competition, and changes in insurance consumption capacity and structure have also had marginal effects on companies.
At the same time, companies will continue to adapt and explore new development paradigms, promoting product structure optimization and client precision stratification, and providing more personalized products and services. Building on a strong customer base,
Group, channel advantage, coupled with financial and technological empowerment and the extension and expansion of the healthy industrial chain, the company’s fundamentals are expected to improve at an accelerated rate. Moreover, with the new chairman in office and the completion of the management restructuring, the company’s “renewal of life” plan is expected to accelerate progress and contribute to more reform measures.
The source of the financial boom in the East, China's Life (601628): the agent's fall has been further narrowed, and the end of the debt is expected to be “breathy” and the source of the financial boom in the East.
Eung-heung Securities In-depth Report: China's Life (601628): The agent's fall has been further narrowed, and the liabilities are expected to be "breathy and thin."
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
Industry's fourth team member; first in the silver and crystal ball finance industry for the ninth time in 2015; tenth in the crystal ball and silver finance industry, first in economics, 2016; and in East Hing securities in 2019. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.