Three-quarter review in 2022: the new list and the value increase were significantly better than that of a colleague, #under-replaced # performed as expected
Research assistant I-woo : The company disclosed its third quarterly report in 2022, resulting in a net return of $31.117 billion to the mother, a year-on-year decline, significant fluctuations in equity markets delaying the release of profits, while adjusting the company ' s reserves to assume erosion of pre-tax profits
In the first three quarters, companies achieved a premium of $5,54105 million, an increase of 0.1% over the previous three quarters, and accumulated a new policy (short-term + long-term) (long-risk top).
Long, there are double-digit downward pressures on all listed partners. These are mainly: hand-overs under the silver mail system have gone down 24.1% on a year-on-year basis, and they are significantly better than their counterparts. They are more likely to be able to start the ceremonial and second-quarter increases in life-saving product layouts at the beginning of the year.
Underline activity and the release of insurance consumption demand caused a shock, with attention paid to the 2023 opening-up pre-sales performance.
We measure the quality of the company’s per capita output and the Division’s quantitative improvement is better than the success of the new engineering transition, and attention is paid to the trend toward effective human activity. The billions of dollars have been significantly reduced to $45.538 billion, with a slight increase in the size of the equity warehouse, which is the result of the current business performance.
However, it should be noted that, thanks to the increase in the size of the tax credit on public debt, the real tax on companies, Chinese Life (601628): mid-2022: the value of the new bill is significantly higher than the same.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The equity market is very volatile, and we lower the profit forecast. Three seasons of industry, investment volatility, and profit release.
Open the door, the red rhythm is still the driving force behind the current core of stock prices. We expect the company's net profit to be in place in 2022-24, with the CEO of the actuarial background, rejuvenating the country's life.
Figure 1: Composition of the company ' s original premium revenue of 9m22 (millions of dollars) Figure 2: Average increase in revenue from the original premium by mode of contribution in the previous three quarters Figure 3: Reduced value of the company ' s new business in the same year
Figure 4: Current signs of stability in the size of corporate agents, Figure 5: Decreased returns on corporate investment from year to year at a high base Figure 6: Corporate p/ev valuations are historically low
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board