Company review  Railway transport industry Routine inspections affect October traffic volume, transport structure changes, Da Qin Railway (601006.sh)
In January-October 2018, the Qin line cumulatively completed the shipment.
(i) The central overhaul of the Great Qin line led to a drop in traffic, accompanied by a special port security and environmental focus.
As a result of the centralization of the Qin line (29 September-23 October 2018), cargo traffic on the Qin line has declined by 7.31 per cent per day compared to the same period in 2017 (see table 1).
Customs requires a centralized overhaul of safety, environmental equipment and operating facilities, with production operations down from mid-September, coal turnover efficiency down to less than 300,000 tons, port demurrage extended and anchorage exceeded 100.
Coal experienced a rapid decline, with a sharp decline of 8 per cent in the ring ratio. (ii) After late October, weather subsided economic growth slowed, demand subsided coal slowed significantly, production was affected by environmental inspections and coal sources tightened.
Six major power plants have lost 19% of their daily consumption since October, an increase of eight percentage points over September. Market conditions suggest that the current stock of six major coastal power plants has risen to 16 million tons, and the stock of major power plants in the country has reached high levels in recent years.
In comparison with the same period, this was 7.7 days higher than the normal 15-21-day stock level. The power supply depots were mainly operated by the LJC, with fewer goods in the market, affecting the overall demand for coal freight.
(iii) The demand for coal in the fourth quarter has been very favourable, and policies have been adopted to maintain Qin’s high levels of transport. In the fourth quarter, the import control policy has led to a focus on domestic trade in South China’s subsequent coal demand.
Some small- and medium-sized power plants use autumn-time repossessions, plus the resumption of production in the cement, chemical and other industries, and increased demand for coal.
Price rises drive down-stream hoarding mentality. 15 June 2018 Green Transport Theme I: Attacking structural transport reductions, railway cargo plates booming.
Risk of declining demand for coal; safety risks in rail transport operations, etc. Changes in the volume of cargo along the Qin line in the year of figure 1