The company reviews the railway transport industry, taking advantage of the medium- and long-term benefits of the restructuring of green transport, the Da Qin Railway (601006.sh)
On December 8, 2018, the Qin Railway issued 18 successive corporate announcements against the ecological system of railway transport.
Three related transactions bills, such as the Monument Railway, the acquisition of Taiwon shares in Hong Kong, and the acquisition of the Taiwon Communications Section, issued corporate circulars.
China Central Railways Limited (hereinafter “Mounhua”) has raised capital funds, and Wang Jianjin has accepted the purchase price of $1/share.
The share in the division was not more than 3.3416 per cent of the total shares in Monhua Corporation. Incident 2: Taiwon Railways, the owner of the Qin Railway Acquisition Holdings, owned by Taiwon Railways, and incident 3: Taiwon, the entire Qin Railways takeover of the Chinese Railways Taiwon Group, Ltd.
In accordance with the principle of “persons walk with assets” the employees of the Teen Sector enter the company.
The transport sector is one of the three main sectors of energy consumption and carbon emissions, as well as a priority area for pollution control, and it is imperative to accelerate the green development of transport. China’s transport energy consumption and carbon emissions are on the rise, and China’s freight industry consumes the transport sector.
The proportion of road and rail transport energy consumption is 71% and 5%. Compared with the volume of freight in railway units, it is 1/7% for road transport, and rail transport is cleaner than for road transport.
The Qin Railway (601006.sh) is the primary beneficiary of the restructuring of green transport.
15 June 2018: Green Transport Theme I: Attacking structural transport reductions, railway cargo plates booming, i.e. Qin funds Monhua Railways to create a national hub for heavy transport
The Monhua Railway, which Monhua Corporation is building, is a major part of our 12th Five-Year Plan.
Pollution prevention in the coke freight industry, green logistics portfolio investment, 4th heavy rail line, Monhua Railway planning capacity 200 million tons/year, November 14, 2018, company stocktaking report - Qin
Railways: Routine repairs affect October traffic, transport structures, transport services, and transport security.
The competitiveness and impact of heavy rail coal transport can be further broadened.
Regional and operational areas. Although earlier Monhua railway cargoes increased or were not as expected, as they moved. “Air plus high-iron” fast-carrying pattern leads. The country’s energy transport north-south corridor has matured, and the Qin railway is using a combination of assets.
28 November 2018, National Model Engineering Projects Synergy to Further Enhance Profiting and Market Competitiveness.
(ii) The Hong Kong Railway is heavily funded by the Hong Kong Railway, which is responsible for the movement of goods from Cao Cao, Cao Cey, East Port, King Tang Port and Zhang Tang Links. It is profitable to realize a net profit of 1,166 million yuan in 2017 and net assets.
In 2017, China completed 432 million tons of coal, of which 179 million tons were diverted by the Qin Railway.
The deal, which acquired all the shares of the Tang Kong Railway held by Taiwon, helped the entire Qin Railway to improve its capacity to transport underground coal, create a multi-channel pattern of coal-pooling in the Gulf of Rim, guarantee the integrity and independence of the corridor, strengthen the “East Coal East” as a leader and further improve its profitability at a later stage.
(iii) The Qin takeover of Taiwon's communications section, which creates a system of transport information flow. The main operations of the Qin communications sector are railway communications services, railway communications maintenance and management.
At present, the company pays the Taiwon Railways about $300 million a year for the relevant communications services. After the entire Qin acquisition of the Taiwon Division, the integrity of its own transport organization will be further enhanced, and logistics, financial flows, and information flows will be linked to the upgrading of the Qin Railway.
The ability of letter and information security services to keep cargo operations stable and thus maintain a high level of profitability. After this series of acquisitions, the company is expected to benefit in the short term from the earnings from investment in the Tang Kong railway, and the risk of a reduction in demand for iron and coal in the medium to long term: safety risks for rail transport operations, etc.
Main lines of operation of the Port Tutang Railway