For the first time, the company 002074 covered the tidal wave of lithium in the sea.
The company focuses on the production of lithium, the company's deep-dry manufacture of lithium phosphate, and the power cell export industry is third, with more than 5% of it in the city.
At the end of demand, the company has been investing in new energy vehicles such as Jianghua, Chiré, Jili Commercials, North Gas New Energy, Chang-Am, etc., and the company's share of car packages has been increasing (>50%) and the return has been improving. At the end of supply, 16gwh's effective capacity was built in 2019.
The three-dollar soft-packing capacity was put into production this year and entered the rapid release phase of the production capacity.
In the post-subsidization period, the two-component policy relay accelerates the process of electricization. Many of the power-motivation strategies of the plant have fallen initially, high-productivity platform-type investments have been enriched, new energy and fuel-car parity cycles have been reduced, and markets have gradually moved towards consumption-driven processes.
Accumulation in chemical materials and production processes, coupled with higher capital costs for the industry itself, speed of industry shuffling, and a growing trend towards concentration. Lithium’s own advantages and continued upgrading must not be overlooked, and the space for application is expanding.
The technical bottlenecks in lithium phosphate continue to break through, and the energy density of the lithium cell continues to increase, especially in terms of volume, and there is more room for progress than energy. Lithium meets the needs of different scenarios, the main producer is lithium, which weighs to three dollars, and the capacity of lithium production continues to expand. Lithium maintains a 20% cost advantage over the current stage of production, i.e.
Lithium cell applications in electrochemical storage have begun to open, base station storage can be an important entry point for lithium, and new 5g base station power supply is expected to exceed 10 gwh in 2020.
The company's lithium power technology is leading, the power cell exterior is expanding) The company's lithium technology is leading and constantly breaking the energy density ceiling, not only for micro-carrying lithium recovery, but also for potential penetration of higher-level vehicles; 2) the tri-dollar battery volume is now in production, with the compost market passing through sector one.
4gwh, triple vda and 1gwh, soft-packed cores, expected to be produced by 2020; 3) into the World Wide Supply Chain, 12v battery deactivated starting in 2020 and expected to reach 48v Xue Rain Ice
Infiltration of light-combined batteries, with more open space for growth; 4) combined, with 5g-era storage capacity. Industry subsidy policy risks; product price falls too fast; raw materials rises; receivables risk, etc.
1.1 Leads in the manufacture of lithium electricity and is profitable. The company is the lead in the manufacture of lithium electricity. It is in the top three positions in the domestic power cell industry, with 5.2 per cent of the city in 2019. According to high-tech lithium data, in 2019 it was 3.2gwhh, of which phosphorus.
Lithium acid battery loads 2.9gwhh, the second highest load. Lithium ion battery (group) products are key components of new energy vehicles and are used in new energy vehicles such as pure electric power, mixed power, etc. In addition, the company ' s products are widely used in areas such as storage power stations, communications base stations, wind complementarities, mobile power sources, etc.
The company was set up in 2006 as one of the first companies in the country to develop, produce, and sell new energy powered batteries. In 2010, in collaboration with the Ancé bus, the world’s first pure electric bus went online. In 2015, the shell was on the market, and in the same year, it completed the approval of the 863 project.
It has matured and gradually opened up the off-the-road application landscape, the energy storage field in 2017 in cooperation with the Shanghai Electrical Cooperation, the lithium battery ladder utilization strategy in 2018 in cooperation with the Chinese Tower, and the procurement agreement with the Bo World in 2019, opening the overseas market and participating in global competition.
Each year, the main rating and the debt rating are aa, with a high allocation value. A large proportion of the stock transfer that can eventually be transferred will help ease corporate financial pressure, reduce financial leverage, and optimize the capital structure.
Long, the main reason for the annual decline in net return profits is that: (1) the price of power batteries continues to decline, leading to a decline in the gross profit rate of power cell operations. Average unit price of power batteries dropped from 2.06 yuan/wh in 2016 to an increase in the amount raised in 2018. Since 2017, the payment cycle of the company ' s new energy builder customers has been extended, resulting in a corresponding extension of the payment cycle.
Corporate receivables are increasing year by year, sales returns are slowing, and losses on impairment of annual receivables are increasing year by year. Figure 4: Net profits of $578 million attributable to 2019q3, corresponding to 18-year figures: $5.152 billion in operating income of 2019q3, an increase of 25.75 per cent over the same period
Corporate profitability is expected to be more affected by the fall in subsidies, the policy environment is warming and improvements in size and cost, and profitability is expected to be stable. As the back-up rhythm and the full-car cost are down, the price of power cells as core parts is declining year by year, and the overall level of the industry ' s Māori ratio is declining; and, at the same time, the duration of the subsidies has been extended, and car manufacturers have been able to build their cars.
There is a significant amount of money to be advanced and the pressure to transfer to the core parts business has increased the accounts receivable for power cell companies, leading to a loss of impairment of accounts receivable and an increase in financial costs. New energy vehicle policies abroad are often added, and the new energy policy environment is expected to warm.
The company’s core clients, Jiang Huai, Chirry, Anke, Gilly Commercial,
The company's lithium phosphate battery is expected to make a major breakthrough this year in the area of vehicles, with high growth in power cell operations. Figure 7: 2019, the main clients are Jianghuai, Chirí, Jili commercials, etc.
The company’s capacity is still at a rapid release stage for the next two years. The company’s output can be quickly released in the northeast of the country, in the form of fertilizer, Nanjing, Qingdao and Tangshan.
2gwh. Transferable funds are available to invest in the 15gwh power cell system production line and assembly package in Nanjing, the country, for the year (a period of 5 gwh, 2 years) and the 2gwhith power cell industrialization project for the new energy source in Jinjiang (a year of the project construction cycle). 16gwh power cell capacity has been built.
2. Electric median time: Regulation-driven supply, supply-opening demand We expect a neutral pure electric vehicle to achieve full life-cycle advantage in fuel-borne vehicles around 2025, with further product strength: blending vehicle parity may take place earlier.
For countries or regions with higher prices, the operating model is earlier than the home model. High value for road rights products, 100,000 to 200,000 yuan of inter-area performance/value for value for value, 300,000 yuan or more of high-performance experience products have an effective user demand.
Development of progressive and user habits, new energy vehicle availability, represented by a purely electric technology route, and the ability of the Fuel Motors Chamber to resist protocol, long-term coexistence, various advantage scenarios.
In the second half of 2019, sales of new energy subsided. In 2019, 120.60 million new energy was sold by car, an increase of -4 per cent compared to the previous year. In the first half of the year, the negative trend rose, and performance was impressive. In the second half of 2019, the downward pressure on the sale of new energy vehicles was high.
The upgrading of the product structure of the bev market, with high end demand reflecting a return to demand by users of new energy purchases. 1) High end of vehicle type: the share of pure electric vehicles at the a00 level fell to 26.9 per cent in 2019 (formerly 49.0 per cent), the share of sedans at the level of a was marked by growth, and the market for cars at the a00 level contracted; and the volume of suv sales grew rapidly and accounted for it.
There is a greater potential for development than there is a marked improvement. The product structure is gradually moving towards the E-type, reflecting the return of user demand. (2) cycling power increases: in 2019, pure electricity by car increased to 47.16kwh, an increase of 40.8% compared to 33.5kwh in 2018.
Unrestricted purchase of new energy vehicles in cities has increased faster and users are more interested in new energy vehicles, showing strong potential for development. Unrestricted purchase of new energy vehicles in cities is less influenced by policies, and users are more driven by demand for use.
Growing maturity, the responsiveness of technological developments to user needs, and the growing sophistication of supporting facilities will drive the shift in production from a policy-driven to a demand-driven and technology-driven approach.
Price parity determines the growth of electric cars. New domestic energy vehicles are going through a “policy-driven” process to “market-driven” and the central driving force of market consumption lies in the value-added of products. Specifically, parity can be divided into “purchase-parity” and “life-cycle parity”, which depends on the cost of technological advances in the industrial chain, and the latter.
The cost of manufacturing and battery is the biggest two factors. Through subsidies and tax incentives, the life-cycle price reduction is expected to be reduced from the current 7.2 to 5.6 years and expected to be based in 2025.
The 2020 end-year "double points" policy stipulates that the two-point policies for 2019 and 2020 will be combined. In terms of policy requirements, the firm will be judged to be under pressure for a large double-counting in 2020.
So the decline in short-term sector sales does not affect long-term trends. The two-point policy has a strong driving force for industry to achieve the target of 2 million. 2.2 Platform-type vehicles are on the ground and self-reliant.
In 2020, a platform-based vehicle model was gradually being introduced into the market. The giants were taking the lead, with Meb and Tesla taking the lead in national production. Currently, the general public and other traditional overseas car companies have developed a new energy vehicle development strategy, adding fuel trucks to the list of countries in Europe (Norway, the United Kingdom, France, etc.).
In the coming years, car companies will continue to increase their investment in new energy-borne vehicle research and development, with new models being introduced intensively after 2020. The new energy platform model will gradually fall, and the likely rate of car busts will be born in a jointly financed platform.
In order to take advantage of the new energy vehicle market, most of the companies are now building new energy vehicles based on traditional car platforms, and the ones that have adapted traditional car platforms to produce new energy vehicles include the Ssa platform, the Tgna platform, the Toyota platform, the Toyota platform, the Toyota platform, and the Toyota platform.
The benefits of a shorter roll-out cycle and a more diversified style have become a common understanding among mainstream international car companies, and will continue to be the focus of competition in terms of R&D, costs, and markets for the entire factory. The biggest change in the new energy automobile industry in 2020 was the start-up of the meb and Tesla industries.
There are plans to increase the production of electric vehicles to about 1 million by the end of 2020, thus exceeding Tesla. (ii) Tesla expects the model at Shanghai Super Plants to produce 150,000 in 2003.
In November, the public announced an investment of 60 billion euros, which is higher than previously announced in figure 18: Super Plants in Shanghai from foundation to preparation for production for a total of 10 months.
In recent years, autonomous brands have begun to build up modular platforms, building a more sophisticated technological system. Although the country’s overall level of development and research and development is lagging behind the international mainstream, the joint venture brands, with the technology and experience of the joint venture, have taken the lead in the competition of the entire platform.
The new energy vehicles, although not as energy-intensive as a system, have power-driven, controlled, power-powered systems.
The cost can be addressed to a considerable extent by increasing the direct rate, the scale effect, and optimizing the battery package charge: useful life can also be achieved by batteries.
Materials, monolithics, systems integration, etc., are addressed to a considerable extent: safety issues can be addressed from a wide range of scientific, technical, engineering and other angles. Sustained energy is addressed in terms of battery materials, monolithics, system integration, whole car design, data regression and optimization of whole vehicle use.
The penetration rate of the current new energy vehicle model is low, and there is a lack of excellence in the transition from a policy-driven to a demand-driven approach. The total annual domestic production of new energy vehicles is 1.6 million, 20.38 million, 2.8 million, and the overseas sales of new energy are 150.0 million, 220.0 million and 3.23 million.
According to high-tech lithium data, the power cell load in 2019 was about 62.38 gwh, an increase of 17.78% compared to 56.98gwh in 2018. The number of enterprises in the power cell industry was rapidly reduced from more than 200 in 2016 to 69 in 2019, using multiple factors such as technology routes, product quality, and threshold capacity.
Cr values are high and industry concentration is on the rise. The overall decline in the new energy vehicle market, especially in the new energy commercial vehicle, has been significant, with 146,000 phosphate lithium installed a year, a cumulative decline of 28%. The market position of the tails of the top10 company has been continuous.
At this stage, there is a pressure on both R & D difficulties and high investment rates in the production of the core, and the technology of the battery industry has an iterative cycle.
Speeding up, technology routes are extremely risky, and most of the entire plant does not have the core technology for core core core production. Cooperation with the power plant can reduce risks and costs.
Power cell expansion investment and R & D investment are more demanding for the volume of money, and second-line battery companies speed up the shuffling of cards. Enterprises need enough capacity to meet the needs of downstream cars. Battery depreciation costs are generally around 10%, their assets are not very heavy, and single-gwh investment totals $300 million, corresponding to the capacity of 20,000 full-size vehicles (assuming a single-car belt).
Electricity is 50 kwh, but because the market is growing at a high rate, there is a high demand for sustained investment in the capacity of battery companies. At the same time, batteries are at a fast pace of technological progress, and investment in R & D is also much higher, with LG chemistry and Ningde’s research and development in the battery sector close to $2 billion in 2018, and second-line taps.
So it's harder to test the cash flow and the financing capacity of battery manufacturers, accelerating the re-engineering of second-line companies in the context of high-end product customerization, pressure on high-end supply chains, and second-line battery companies. On the one hand, the power cell industry is testing the company's understanding of chemical materials and the accumulation of production processes; on the other hand,
It's the ability of clients to develop, including complementary R & D and customization. So, given the high spatial and growth certainty in the power cell industry, industry leaders, with their production capacity and their research and development capability, are able to bind one-line cars to the top.
From the European market, the total load of new domestic energy vehicles in 2020-2022 was 89.2gwh, 116.9gwh, 165.9gwh. The total load of new overseas energy vehicles in 2020-2022 was 69.8gwh, 106.0gwh, 161.2gwh.
3. Hydrothermal applications: the split in demand for trams, the unstoppable upgrading of storage capacity at 3.1, the sharp fall in subsidies for different scenarios, the greater focus on cost control throughout the enterprise, the retrenching of lithium batteries in 2019.
Since then, a number of vehicles below level A in the market have tried to replace lithium phosphate batteries with triple dollars in cost savings, with systems energy density increasing by 13 per cent over the past 18 months, power efficiency improving by 26 per cent and continuity by 50 per cent (bev from 256 km to 389 km).
High safety, low cost, long life are the three core advantages of lithium phosphate batteries. The energy density of lithium phosphate batteries continues to increase as technological bottlenecks break through.
High temperatures and low heat levels when the heat is out of control, so that phosphate lithium batteries are generally more secure than triple batteries under conditions such as the same core material, the same battery package structure and the same structure. 2) Long life The energy density of iron lithium has been increasing and continues to break through the ceiling. Lithium phosphate was once considered to have been achieved.
The energy density ceilings are actually being broken. According to the real lithium study, the average annual energy density of the cell cells in 2019 is about 165wh/kg. The high-altitudes have been successful in breaking the “calculus” of the iron lithium, which has been developed to reach 190wh/kg and is expected to break 200wh/kg soon.
The technology road map is based on a 240wh/kg level by 2025. The focus is shifting from a single body to an integrated battery bag, with a larger volume of lithium phosphate than energy under the existing technical system.
The inner core uses a stacked structure, with space utilization increasing by about 8%, single-body energy density of 180wh/kg, and combined energy density of 155wh/kg. The volume of the whole generation of lithium phosphate batteries launched by Biadi in 2020 will increase by 50% over the energy density.
The future savings in the module manufacturing chain will further contribute to the cost reduction. Including the Ninder era, which followed the cellular energy, show the ctp battery bag, which is an important innovation. For the pain point, the focus is from single to system, increasing the volume is more important than the amount of energy for the lithium cell, and there is still a long way to go in the future.
Moreover, the artificial and fixed costs of lithium are higher than the triples, making it easier to highlight the advantages of lithium costs in large-scale production. Lithium meets the needs of different markets, different scenes, the main producer of lithium, which weighs as much as the triple, and the capacity of lithium production continues to expand.
In 2019, the Ministry of Industry and Communications ' s new energy applications catalogue 1-11 batches of 2142 catalogues of vehicles, with a lithium battery pool, still accounted for more than 50% of the vehicle types. The iron and lithium pure electric vehicles accounted for 8%, 82%, 56%, respectively, of passenger vehicles, passenger cars, and specialized vehicles.
The cost advantage of 3.2 is how long it lasts, whether it's triple or lithium, and the power cell drop-down path includes the following four dimensions: 1) product upgrading: high nickel.
(b) Reduced prices of raw materials: reduced resource prices, vertical integration of supply chains, upstream expansion, orderly discharge; (c) economies of scale: reduced unit fixed costs as a result of increased capacity utilization; and (d) process upgrades: higher product excellence.
lfp  other materials (modules +pack)  direct manual and manufacturing
Direct material The cost advantage of phosphate lithium is about 15-20% relative to the current production of ncm523. Taken together, positive material is the main route to power cell drops. However, the product from ncm811
According to the development path, the first batch of marketed products were developed in a combination of safety and generational development, not overnight, and the supply of large quantities of manufactured products was still required after 2022. At the current downfall rate, lithium phosphate could still maintain a certain cost advantage in 2022.
Early-industrialized power cell technology routes, ongoing innovation from mainstream phosphate lithium battery companies in core design, material selection, trade matching, production equipment, pack light quantification, etc., phosphate lithium battery technology is constantly evolving, assuming that the three-dollar battery share of high nickel is increasing from year to year, with 8 per cent, 26 per cent, and 811 per cent, respectively, in 2019-2022.
Assumption two: different types of core drops vary. With a better rate (by about 1% per year), the ncm 811 drop rate is higher than the other three-dollar batteries: based on the current downswing rate, phosphate lithium is slightly lower than high nickel.
The cost advantage is 4%. Assuming that the three-dollar battery is 5 pct higher than the cost of lithium, the cost advantage is 8%. 3.3 The replacement requirement under the cost factor is to continue the ao-class model at about 250 km, no more subsidies, and it will enter into a fully marketed competition.
After the subsidy retreats, the demand price for the ao- and aoo-type vehicles is more elastic, the consumer's acceptance of the increase in the price of the car is low, the difference of the 0.1-fold subsidy required for the high energy density is difficult to cover the difference between three dollars and lithium phosphate, so the company will consider making the product closer to market demand by replacing the phosphate-grade lithium batteries.
Three-dollar battery system energy density > 160wh/kg, lithium phosphate system energy density 140wh/kg, subsidy price differential
For 18,000 x (1-0.9) = 1800, the final difference after the elimination of the subsidy is 6825-1800 = $5025, and the customer's product is optimized, adding the code to the phosphate of lithium. North gas, Jiang Xiao, upper gas is a high-quality a00 class car manufacturer. In 2018, the final sales of the North Gas ec series and Jiang Xiaoyeve 6e were ranked in the top two of the a00 class.
Cherieq-1, a 00-car sales champion, replaced with a titanium high phosphate lithium battery. Jiang Xiao's bet in the field of phosphate lithium battery is being added to the 2019 recommended catalogue, with a multi-car type carrying phosphate lithium batteries, becoming the anchor of the phosphate lithium camp in the three-dollar tide. A new standard has been added to the ecu220 under the new energy flag of the North Gas.
The model, which carries lithium phosphate batteries, is now in its 10th recommended catalogue in 2019. The Great Wall, based on a pure electric platform, is in the process of switching to the a00 level of iron and lithium 1. It is expected that more medium-range mileage models will be available in the future. There will be a wider application of the phosphate lithium market in the future.
Figure 43: Jiang Xiaoiv7l carries the first lithium core to break 190wh/kg.
Jiang Xiaoive has run away and the King can do it.
Jiang waiev7s running to Mini 45:2019 Chrya 00 class electric car sales champion (millions)
Figure 46: Chirieq1 changed lithium from 2019m5 to 30kwhy for other manufacturers, assuming full reloading of the a00 model in 2019 lfp, could bring an increment of 575gwh for RMB 4 billion
In 2019, after stock pressure was released (e.g. eq1 changed after May, and Euraar after October), the penetration rate of the minibus lfp, which had a comparative advantage, gradually increased. In 2019, the a00 car accounted for 27 per cent of the output of the ev, down 23 pct (50 per cent in 2018), as a result of the increase in single-car power.
In 2019, it is expected to load 7.08gwh throughout the year. Lithium phosphate in the specialized car market replaces three dollars. In the case of special cars, the subsidy category for “special car” was removed and the classification of the total cargo quality was increased, meaning that the market was moving from a logistics vehicle to a larger truck with a cost advantage.
Basically, the process of changing lithium has been completed. The Chiré commercial car, Jili commercial car, Shintao Feng vehicle, Ankay car are now the company’s core customers. The company’s exclusive car customers are of high quality, with 18% of the market share of the market in 2019, after Biadi.
Lithium permeability is expected to rise in the next three years in pure electric vehicles. When the rate of lithium penetration has increased to 10 per cent, it is expected to reach 29gwh for the year 2020, a 45 per cent increase in the same volume.
In 2018, power grid side storage led the way for a market-wide explosion, but there are a number of poorly developed options, such as policy risks, price mechanisms, and safety standards. Thus, in 2019, the National Network called the power outage side chemical storage facility, but at the same time, it was built.
In view of this, some of the supporting scenarios, especially the base station storage, have become the most successful commercialization of the current lithium storage capacity. The new global input chemical storage project, 6625.4mw (power), Korea, China, the United Kingdom, the United States in 2018, was launched by the United States of America.
Together, Australia, Germany, Japan, Belgium, Switzerland and Canada accounted for 95.8 per cent of the world’s largest size. The size of the country’s electrical and chemical storage capacity in 2018 was the second 1072mw, and the size of the lithium ion was 758mw. The total capacity of the world was 11.6gwh in 2018, of which South Korea accounted for nearly 50 per cent, and China for 15 per cent, or about 1.74gwh.
Figure 53: 2019q3 China ' s ERC market load size of 1.27gw Figure 54: China ' s share of lithium storage machines in 2018 Chemical storage capacity has the advantages of being short in time, high energy density, low maintenance costs, flexibility, etc.
In the current state of storage, electrochemical storage is one of the most important forms in addition to pumping water. Electrochemical storage includes lead storage cells, lithium.
Lithium ion cells play an increasingly important role in the application of electrochemical storage capabilities, based on their home-grown advantages. The electrochemical storage allows large-scale renewable energy grids, distributed electricity and microgrids, auxiliary services, electricity.
Power transfer and user side are the main five types of applications. The domestic lithium storage power technology is based on lithium phosphate, which accounts for more than 85% of the total, with a gradual increase in the penetration rate of lithium phosphate batteries in the domestic storage market based on safety and circulation, with new technologies, 2019,38(9):1-10.
The commercial model of power grid side storage is to be explored, and the base site will be an important breakthrough. 1) The current domestic storage market is relatively small, the profitability of demonstration projects still needs to be demonstrated, and the commercial model of lithium power storage is to be explored and broken. 2) 2020 will be the first year that 5g base stations enter large-scale construction to ensure that 5g communications can be used
Stable use, with a 3-4h storage capacity generally available for macro-based stations, with a power voltage of 48v. Figure 57: Profiting patterns on the side of the grid need to be explored. Figure 58: Base station storage is an important entry point for the current lithium storage capacity
The 5g base station is divided mainly into macro stations and microbase stations, which can be broken down into microbase stations, piping stations, and flying base stations.
The single station (s333) has a capacity of 837-1045w (empty-full), while the average power consumption of the main plant s111 station at this stage is about 3-4 times that of 4 g, or about 3,500w. Even with the conversion of the existing 4g site, most of the stations, with the exception of individual sites, require the replacement of large-capacity batteries under guaranteed 3-4h power outages.
At the end of 2018, about 120,000 base stations in 31 provinces and cities across the country were using ladder batteries of about 1.5gwh, replacing about 45,000 tons of lead acid batteries. By the end of June 2019, 1,954,000 sites (excluding sub-stations) in the country ' s towers had been intercepted, representing an increase of 4.0 per cent.
Each base station is equipped with a storage system with a storage capacity of more than 17.1 gwh. Moreover, as the construction of the 5g base station accelerates, a large number of base stations will need to be built or adapted, and the demand for storage cells in the Chinese towers will be substantial.
Figure 61: Progress of deployment of 4g base station is expected to require more than 10 gwh for the 5g base station in 2020. Assuming 1) the data reported in 219h1 indicate movement, 10,000 stations: 2) the number of 5g base stations by the three operators is estimated to be at least 4 g base station.
Two times as much as telecommunications and connectivity-sharing, with a total of 5.6 million 5g base stations projected for the six-year construction cycle; 3) 800,000 stations projected for 2020 under the operator ' s capital budget and construction plan; 4) construction progress is estimated at 4g base station construction progress from 2020-2015.
4. At the end of the trend: Lithium phosphate is installed at 3.2 gwh for the entire year of 2019, according to high-tech lithium electric data, with the trinity having a strong lead in 4.1.
In collaboration with Jiang Xiao, in 2019, the company launched the 190wh/kg cylinder battery, which meets the 400 km requirement for the continuation of a electric vehicle, leading by lithium technology.
Figure 63: Corporate power cell loads were steady at third (gwh) in 2019, figure 64: phosphate lithium loaders were steady at second (gwh) in 2019, vehicle-backed models were constantly expanding, with square phosphate lithium batteries having an energy density of 140wh/kg.
Type-Suv's Aoshanx7ev, based on fuel version Oshanx7, matches the phosphate lithium batteries supplied by the thorium high school, with an energy density of 140wh/kg, Nedc's work schedule of 405 km, which is expected to be released in the second quarter of 2020. The company is expected to develop more with the deep accumulation of power cell technology and the enhanced capacity to develop it in a vehicle-by-car coordinated manner in the future.
A breakthrough was made in the high nickel trio battery, where the 1g soft package demonstration line is expected to be operational by 2020. 1) Three-dollar technology savings are expected to reach 302wh/kg energy density with carbon-negative sub-consortium soft cells with more than 1,500 cycles through mid-term inspection by the Department of Science and Technology. 2) Soft bag batteries are produced immediately.
Including 4gwhe vda and 1gwhe soft-packed cores, expected to produce in 2020. 4.2 Whole industry chain layout, where raw materials are reduced in combination, materials are the key to the downfall. The cost of manufacturing, manual, energy in the unit cost of the company is improving. Lithium ion batteries
The main raw materials include electrolyte, diaphragms, positive and negative material, etc., of which positive and polar material accounts for a large proportion of the cost (the quality of positive and negative material is 3:1-4:1) because the performance of positive material directly affects the performance of lithium ion batteries and its cost directly determines the high and low cost of batteries and the higher cost of positive and negative material as a proportion of the 3/3 battery 523)
At the manufacturing industry chain, the company has covered upstream battery material production, medium-movement battery manufacturing, and downstream collaboration with whole-car companies. At upstream core nodes, initial coverage has been completed for positive materials, wet diaphragms, and alumina coated.
Industrialized layout of key upstream raw materials such as thorium, and mastering of phosphate lithium and trinity orthopaedic materials, and core development and preparation techniques. 1) The phosphate orthopaedic orthodoxy currently produces 13,000 tons, which meets the battery capacity of 5 gwh, and the future 2nd line will produce 2.5-26 million or 10 gwh; the trinity orthopaedic material, which is currently in production.
3 million tons; 2) The company’s joint venture with the star-source material plant is currently in the production-capable slope phase, and the cost of raw materials remains low. In the future, as the company completes the negative material and the triad drive, it will complete its own supply capacity-building and strengthens the supply chain’s cost lead.
Figure 70: Geothermal manufacturing process: Figure 71: Corporate layout of positive and negative materials and diaphragms, enhanced cost control of remaining expatriates, and over 100 regeneratives, 20 of whom are innovators at or above the provincial level.
In addition, the company acquired the Basff American Laboratory and has also developed solid-state battery technology at the Japanese Institute of Research. Shanghai, Hoyo, Tsumbo, Japan, Singapore, Silicon Valley, Cleveland, and seven German research and development centres.
Each is responsible for research and development at the different cores of the industrial chain.
In February 2019, the company announced a strategic collaboration with Bo. The company's wholly-owned subsidiaries, co-subsidized by Bo, signed a Purchase Agreement with Bo, as a qualified supplier for Bo, and will supply Bo with lithium ion batteries, modules and battery bags (part parts, products, etc.).
The agreement, which was signed by the only domestic lithium battery company that entered the World Supply Chain, marks the recognition of the quality and production capacity of the company’s lithium ion battery products, and shows that the company’s major overseas households have opened up over the years. It is expected that 100,000 units will be supplied since 2020, with 12v power outages.
It is expected to cut into the 48v market. 12v Disable technology as a mature and popular program in Europe and America, low cost, low technology threshold, but limited fuel saving, generally 3-5%; high pressure general mixing technology costs, typically 30% - 40%, and the barriers to diffusion are high cost and technology access.
The current size of the country is limited. 48v light mix combines efficient energy-saving technologies such as total stop, brake energy recovery, turn-on support, slide-out oil with a better level of fuel-saving (10-25%), while keeping the voltage below 60v, with general hybrid technology at the cost end (generally $3,000-6,000).
48v system batteries require frequent decomposition, high life, cost, etc., and phosphate lithium batteries are the ideal option. The global fleet of 48V light vehicles will be 11 million vehicles a year, with the corresponding battery market space of $11 billion.
New energy equipment and new energy equipment for automobiles, covering most of the country and selling out of overseas markets such as Europe, Africa, etc., with over 100,000 annual sales (sets) and the creation of the Department of Storage and Energy, the main products of which are containerized storage systems, storage and energy systems, 48v/10a-200a communications base power sources, 5kwh/10kwh
In the next two years, it is expected that there will be more than 2 million power stations around the world. In collaboration with the city of Tangshan, the company will build a new 5g energy industry base, which will add 7gwh capacity, which will be combined with the previous project.
10gwh. About two years of the investment construction cycle, the project ensures that it will be fully operational in the first quarter of 2020, and that it is expected to be fully completed in the third quarter of 2021, and that it will be fully operational in the fourth quarter.
The company’s revenue structure is improving as core clients (Gang Huai, Chir, Anke, Gilly Commercial, Uplift, Chang An, etc.) expand. The demand for consumption in new energy markets is opening up, high-priced batteries are increasing in the future.
There is still a strong demand for lithium phosphate batteries. The company’s whole industry chain layout, with increased cost control and profitability, and a world of solidarity, has begun to grow globally, opening up opportunities for growth throughout the exterior of the vehicle, such as storage capacity. The company’s revenues are projected to be $6,855 million in 2019-2021, $8,841 million, $10,311 million, and the rate of increase, respectively.
1) New energy vehicle subsidy policy risk; 2) power cell industry risk of excessive price reduction; 4) receivables, long inventory swing days.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.