Good performance meets expectations, and the new drug is about to enter into Heung Swe medicine, mid-2018.
Heung Swe medicine published its semi-annual report for 2018, with companies achieving operating income of $7,761 million in the first half of 2018, an increase of 22.32 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $1,910 million, an increase of 21.38 per cent in the same year. The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, net of non-recurring gains and losses, was $3,904 million in the first quarter of company q2, an increase of 22.94 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $960 million, an increase of the same amount.
26.09% longer. The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies less non-recurring gains and losses is $924 million, an increase of 20.55% over the same period. Realizing the elasticity of the eps offsets the cost of some equity incentives, so that overall non-profit gains are slightly lower than income increases, and add up some of the financial gains, and the return profits are higher than the non-receipt gains and match the income increases.
In terms of sub-products, we extrapolate from the third-party sample hospital terminal (pdb) the approximate rate of growth of the products: the source of financial growth in the East, the anesthetic line (about 20%): the performance of the right metomicine and heptafluoroalkanes continued the trend reported in 2017, with the Atoku ammonium earning 10-15%.
Tumour wires (about 20% increase): Apateni is still expected to be released continuously (only 30% reduction in the price of access to the health insurance list), Dositas, Oshali anesthesia lines (about 20% increase): right America, heptafluoroalkane pulls, and others: Capofin was produced through a clean priority review, and gradually released. The first innovative drug, Erie Schebb, entered the new health insurance catalogue and is on high speed.
During the period of growth, stable revenues are expected to reach 200-300 million, with overseas receipts of Dositas, HFCs, etc., approved in 2017. Increased amortization and investment in R & D are encouraged, and other management costs are well controlled. Corporate financial costs are smooth, financial returns are accounted for as non-recurrent gains and losses.
During the reporting period, 10 clinical batches of innovative medicines were obtained (see table 1 for a summary), most of the products were not listed internationally, and the foreign giants were in the clinical trial phase. The company’s research and development system has gradually been brought into line with the international community.
In the first half of the year, there has been progress in other pre-emergent innovations:
Pd-1 is a priority for approval: company pd-1 entered the iii clinical phase last April, production was approved in April of this year, and this year it is likely that it will be approved as an innovative bomb for the company. Global sales in 2017 were $3.5 billion and $5.3 billion, respectively. The number of lung cancers in the country is 730,000 per year, with non-small cell lung cancers accounting for about 80 per cent; and the number of liver cancers per year.
About 390,000 people; about 280,000 cases per year of carcinomas; the rest of the adaptive melanomas, nasal cancers, and typical Hodgkin lymphoma, combined at around 50,000 per year. The total population of the pd-1 population in the country alone is already more than 1.45 million. If the penetration rate is 3%, the price of a third of the keytruda is set at Mersaton, and the income that pd-1 can contribute to the company can reach $2.18 billion (over 10 billion yuan).
The Department has invested about RMB 156 million in research and development projects. Rimazulon benzulfonic acid is in priority for approval: the company Rimazulon entered the iii clinical phase last August, production applications are now in priority for approval, reflecting the super-efficiency of the company’s project, which is likely to be approved this year.
Anaesthetic drugs, used in the gaba alpha receptor. Structurally similar to the midar sulfon (Enghua's Luxuric) is a tranquillized compound. The company developed the sulfonic acid of the sulfonic sulfate, which has many advantages and is less toxic than sulfonic acid, increasing clinical safety. Preliminary results show that sulfonic sulfonic sulfate has less side-effects than pyrebofol, and is suitable for diseases with high cardiovascular risks.
People. The peak sales are expected to exceed RMB 2 billion. The company has invested some RMB 41.9 million in research and development projects.
Five amalutamide (the new generation) have been listed, and only the first generation of antagonists in China has been approved for listing. According to the imms database, the global sales of the same drug in 2017 were estimated at $3.277 billion, and that of China at $109 million.
In-country priority review recompilation: There are 12 species of Heng Swe in the priority review team, with absolute domestic dominance. The first high-quality card, Boffin net, was approved through the priority review channel in January 2017, the first of its kind to be approved through the priority review.
The following are some of the reasons for this. The following are the basics and observations, see table 2 below, which is expected to continue to fall.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, 3 and the pace of preparations for export.
From the beginning of 2018 to the present, Heung Swe has received approval for four dodas (e.g., platinum, sulfate, and sodium sulfa, Tophaptana - temporary approval), most of which are injectables, and are competitive (table 3), which are expected to boost overseas growth.
The company’s revenues are expected to accelerate to more than 25%. Moreover, 2018 is expected to be the year of the Hexafluoroane, the hair of the ammonium accustomide overseas, and the country’s new batch of carpofine, the new intake into the health insurance metomini, and the entry into the negotiating list.
Overseas business is growing at a slower rate than expected, and there is a risk of innovative medicine development, a source of financial prosperity in the East, a source of financial intelligence in the East.
1st team leader, Zhang Jinyang, 7th team core member for new wealth in 2015, and 3rd team core member for crystal ball in 2015. B.A. Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. in Economics, and Kings Business College, three years old.
Research. With the multiplicity of pharmaceutical + economy, industry + capital, multi-year industrial experience in capital work has given it a deeper and more contextual understanding of the functioning of the pharmaceutical industry, with more in-depth research and unique insights into the industry as a whole.
There are investment opportunities, such as internationalization. Research with a Ph.D.-level logical perspective + ground-based research + hard work, especially on chemicals, medicine internationalization – in-depth research and unique insights.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.