A steady growth in performance, with heavy-pound varieties moving into harvest, Heung Swe medicine (600276.sh) recommended for the first time.
Li Ping-hyuk Wang Xiaoqi
Mon Yung Wei, a 28.8 per cent increase over the previous year, is mainly due to the increase in the cost of corporate equity incentives amortization and the increase in research and development inputs to inform the preparation of this report.
(i) A steady increase in performance, with a slight acceleration of 18q2 The company achieved a 22.32 per cent increase in revenue, a net return to the mother and a net non-return to the mother, and a significant increase in proceeds from non-recurrent gains and losses ($112 million this year, last year).
During the same period, $30 million was added to the net profit rate of the mother. By quarter, 2018q1 achieved a return rate of 21.70 per cent, 16.95 per cent and 12.28 per cent, respectively, of the net profit of the parent, the net profit of the parent and the net profit of the non-repatriate; and the cost of sales, management and financial costs were 36.09 per cent, respectively.
The main elements include: (1) the harvesting of innovations; (2) the generation of revenues from the export of formulations; and (3) the progressive harvesting of products with high product structure (ii) the prospect of higher performance; and the successive approvals of higher levels of innovation, which are expected to increase performance during the reporting period. (1) The accelerated release of products already on the market is being accelerated during the reporting period.
For example, in June 2017, Apadeni negotiated the inclusion of a new version of health insurance (a price decrease of 37.02 per cent on average), which, despite falling prices, has led to a significant increase in sales and a rapid increase in overall income. According to the pdb database, sales of 2018q1 increased by 163 per cent and sales by 64 per cent.
New products have been marketed. Sulphur piping fluid (19k) was marketed in May this year as the company’s first bio-innovation drug. The drug is mainly used to prevent and treat leukemia caused by oncological or chemotherapy, and is the first drug in the country and abroad for the treatment of neutron cell reduction associated with chemistial therapy.
Long-acting g-csf is a polyethanol recombinant human cell incentive fluid produced by the quartz group biopharmaceuticals and the Chiru pharmaceutical. According to the drug register, the Chiru pharmaceutical is declared as a biological product (biological product that has been marketed abroad but has not yet been marketed domestically) and the quartz as a biological product, although it is declared as a biological product group 1, in 2002.
At the time of the year's clinical declaration, neulasta was not listed. The 19k declared as biological product 9 (a product that is not completely identical to what has been marketed abroad and is not marketed abroad) was clearly a new drug in the long-acting g-csf. We believe that the approval of 19k further enriched the company's anti-cancer product line, relying on the company's high-quality anti-cancer product distribution channel, 19k
For example, the current status of the Maleic acid dichotomy film has been changed to “Approved-to-Certificate” and is likely to be officially approved. Pelican is the first new generation of her2 receptor inhibitors developed by China on its own, and is more effective in clinical research than in similar products.
Clinical registration information suggests that Pyridone's adaptive condition is breast cancer, while companies are actively conducting clinical trials for this type of lung and stomach cancer. We believe that Pyridone can be added to the clearance list of cde priority reviews for breast cancer adaptation as a breakout date.
The combination type, the silhouette sulfonic acid, etc. are also expected to be approved in the second half of 18 or the first half of 19 19 to boost performance. (iii) The continued growth in the export of preparations and the early success of the internationalization strategy are evident in the firm's internationalization strategy. The company continues to scale up its internationalization strategy and actively expand the sea.
The external market: (1) has been sold in batches. The oral product, represented by a series of products such as the injection of cyclophosphate, is sold in a stable foreign regulated market and contributes to a sustained growth in corporate performance. (2) The quality varieties are approved overseas.
Among the innovations, ins068 injection fluids and shr0410 injection fluids were approved for clinical trials in the United States of America and Australia, respectively.
(iv) Optimization of product structure to ensure sustainable growth in performance Optimization of corporate product structure to gradually expand the market for non-resistible oncological products, represented by surgical anesthesia, filming agents, ensuring steady growth in performance. The company is the largest research and production base for anticancer, surgical anesthesia and filming agents in the country
One is that the products cover a wide range of areas, such as anti-cancer medicines, surgical anaesthetics, cinematography, specialty fluids, cardiovascular drugs, etc. With the restructuring of the company’s products, the preponderance of anti-cancer drugs over the years has been gradually changing, with the products of non-cancer anti-cancer drugs, which are represented by surgical anesthesia, film-making agents, cardiovascular drugs, etc., gradually expanding their markets in their respective treatment areas.
2017.12.31 The share of surgical anaesthesia has increased to 26 per cent, and the proportion of cinematography has increased to 14 per cent, and the company has now developed a better product layout, in which the market share in areas such as anti-cancer, surgical anaesthesia and film agent is in the forefront of the industry, ensuring steady growth in performance.
(v) Sustained growth in R & D inputs, successive approvals of new products, and firm competition in R & D. Principally: (i) sustained growth in R & D inputs. R & D inputs, about 10.60 per cent, have been in the lead among national pharmaceutical companies. (ii) R & D pipelines are rich and international
In addition to this, there are 11 new harvests of 2018h1 clinical batches covering anti-cancer, diabetes, etc.
On the other hand, the sale of batched products such as cyclophosphate for injection has increased steadily, the introduction of ground-based fluoroalkyl, septic, sulfatic and sodium-to-sodium injection fluid 2018h1 has been approved in the United States, and various projects in the European, American and Japanese high-end regulatory markets have carried out their registrations on a schematic basis. (3) patent applications and maintenance are well under way. 2013-2018h1, submitted to specialized agencies at home and abroad.
The number of applications for benefits and authorizations has increased from year to year. 218h1 companies have submitted 55 new applications in the country, representing about 15% of the total number of employees, including more than 1,000 PhDs, masters, and more than 100 expatriates. We believe that the company’s continued investment in research and development will contribute to the sustainability of the company and guarantee continuous technological innovation.
The company's six-monthly performance is growing steadily, and we look forward to the future of the company. The company is an absolute leader in medicine in the country and has taken the lead in the fields of oncology, anesthesia, and imaging agents.
At the same time, representation is expected to increase its performance even further, with the approval of a new species, Gitney, and the pd-1 counter-optimal rate this year. At the international level, the international corporateization strategy is beginning to work, and the agent export business is expected to continue to contribute to elasticity. On the one hand, the product is represented by cyclophosphate.
The product is expected to make a steady contribution, with inhalation of ground-based fluoroalkanes, injection sepsis, and sulfonic liver to sodium injection fluids approved in the first half of 18 years, with immediate follow-up. On the other hand, the internationalization of corporate innovations is continuing.