The growth rate is stable, retail loans are growing rapidly, the quarterly report of the company meets expectations, the rate of growth is growing steadily, and profit performance is being boosted by a provision.
The impact of the larger and lower cost base for the same period last year has been poor. Corporate interest differentials have been stable, retail loans have been growing steadily over the last three quarters, and the negative rates have risen slightly, and the base of the provision has generally been stronger.
The growth rate has stabilized, the resilience of retail loans has deteriorated and cost adjustments have returned to normal, and future profits will gradually rebound to maintain a higher rating. Business income in the first three quarters of the company grew by 5.04 per cent on a year-on-year basis, at a faster rate than in the first half of the year (+4.97 per cent)
The split shows a steady increase in both net interest income and fee income, with an increase of 5.2 per cent per 8.2 per cent in the previous three quarters, which is largely consistent with the increase in the first half of the year. The net return profit of the company and the large health insurance contributions of retired employees have resulted in a lower cost base for the same period over 19 years, making it possible this year.
On the other hand, in response to the impact of the epidemic, the company increased its credit impairment, resulting in a three-quarter credit cost of 1.63 per cent (vs for the same period last year, 1.01 per cent).
To benefit from a steady increase in interest-bearing asset returns, the loan ring of the farmers' comptoirs increased by 4.81% in the three quarters, the growth of retail loans, which were more affected by the epidemic, rebounded significantly in the structure of the previous quarter, and the increase in retail loans in the three quarters accounted for 96% of the increase in all loans, and the increase in total loans was 2.6% to 2.6%.
At the end of the debt, the company’s three-quarters savings grew well, with a different ratio.
The company had a negative end-of-season rate of 1.29 per cent, with an increase of 1 bp over the ring. We measured a negative yield of 1.48 per cent for the second quarter of the year and a decline of 52 bp. The end-of-season loan ratio dropped by 11 bp to 4.63 per cent, but the absolute value remained at a better level in the listed banks, with a stronger risk countervailing capacity.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy business The economic downturn has led to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
In the third quarter of 2020, the company published a report on net profits for the first three quarters of 2020, which was equal to 9.95%. The total assets of 1.11 trillion yuan (+7.61%, yoy/+3.31%, qoq). Of this amount, loans +16.79% yoy/+4.81% qq; deposits +10.12% yoy/+2.91% qqq. In the first three quarters of 2020, the business income of the company increased by 5.04%, at a more stable rate than in the first half of the year (+4.97%).
Revenue from interest income and fees has been rising steadily, by 5.2 per cent per 8.2 per cent in the previous three quarters, largely in line with the rate of increase in the first half of the year. The net profit on corporate returns has been reduced by 9.95 per cent (vs20h, 9.9 per cent, yoy) on the same basis.
The impact of the epidemic has been enhanced by an increase in credit impairment, with credit costs of 1.63 per cent in three quarters (vs, 1.01 per cent in the same period last year). The interest spread ring has stabilized and retail loans have increased rapidly.
There has been an increase in the loan ring for three quarters, 4.81 per cent for a total equity ring, 0.7 per cent to 42.7 per cent for a total asset, a strong rebound in retail loans that were more affected by the epidemic in the structure prior to the quarter, a 96 per cent increase in retail loans as a result of the three quarters, a 2.6 to 40 per cent increase in the total loan, and a higher return on some retail loans.
At the end of the debt, the company’s savings grew well by 10.2 per cent in the same quarter, and accounted for 1.29 per cent in the end of the three seasons and 1 bp in the ring. We measured the negative production rate for the three quarters of heavy farmers at 1.48 per cent, a drop of 52bp in the ring.
Quarterly declines, but the absolute value is still at a better level in the listed banks, with higher risk offsets. Three-quarters of the Bank’s performance met expectations, with a steady increase in revenue, profit performance influenced by a higher increase in the provision and the low cost base for the same period last year.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides and cost adjustments return to normal, future profits are expected to rise gradually, maintaining an “uptake” rating. Downwards in the economy cause asset quality to deteriorate beyond expectations.
Observing economic development affects the operation of the real economy and profitability, thereby affecting the quality performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.