The Center for Medical Health Research continues to grow in core varieties and is expected to expand through industrial mergers.
Marketing: in 2018, the company's “end-of-life marketing year” was marked by more than 2,000 brands, with a 32.07% increase in the same year in the use of hepatic drugs, mainly from the sale of core varieties.
The Lakeland Experience House, which covers more high-end consumers; in branding, the company has been fine-tuned in many ways, such as viewing, local security, paper media, new media, high metal crowns, etc., to upgrade the brand.
Power. 2019, the Academic Year of the Company, in terms of the original visibility and reputation of the product...to deepen consumer awareness of the efficacy of the product, and to better understand and use it.
In manufacture: The rate of Māori medicines for liver diseases was 83.02 per cent in 2018, a decrease of 3.45 percentage points from the previous year, “Second Development” deep-digging values, marketing reforms mainly due to the increase in the price of raw materials, the price of yellow and yellow, labour, etc., and the firm's active strategic reserve.
Upstream natural musk: the combination of artificial musk breeding and poverty alleviation is recognized, companies basically maintain rationing and production mats, and the stock of raw materials is stabilized overall. Industrial investment: the focus shifted to industrial mergers in 2019, driving industrial expansion.
In 2019, companies shifted their focus to industrial mergers, accelerating the expansion of large and healthy industries, seeking suitable targets for mergers, and contributing to the development of major industries. Companies have industrial investment experience: companies have previously been established through the “listed companies +pe” model.
Xufeifei@gjzq.com.cn Lee Jinray
Investment proposals: In recent years, companies have made innovations in channels and branding, and core varieties have continued to grow: simultaneously, solarization and circulation plates have been growing at a higher rate. Maintenance of an “enhancement” rating is maintained. Channel openings are lower than expected; branding is less effective than expected; and valuation risks are high.
Core varieties: sales continue to be released in 2018 Marketing: the experience hall has covered the provinces, multi-media branding has been enhanced Empirical House: increasing marketing accessibility and brand visibility at the same time
The company’s liver medicine in 2018 generated 1,797 million yuan, an increase of 32.07 per cent over the previous year, mainly from the increase in sales of core varieties. The company’s experience halls in recent years have been a highlight of the marketing channels.
At the opening of the first Xiaoshan Academy, which now covers more than 150 provincial capitals and economically developed regions of the country, the company has made further refinements in the management of the Xiaoshan Pavilion:
In terms of the management of the consignment, the company delivers goods based on the operational inputs and end-of-life sales of the Institute, such as human resources, material resources, frequency, etc., in favor of the good-doing experiment, thus prompting the Institute to make more operational investments:
At the level of services, provide good-faith services to consumers, expand the high-end consumer population, consolidate stock consumers, open up incremental consumers: and fully leverage the regional branding that has been created by the experience hall, build up a marketing network of “people-plus norms” and promote the marketing of products.
In basic management, in the design, renovation, management of the service system, relevant information for the contours, material, sales data for the regular statistical labs, aggregation, analysis of sales flows to the labs.
In 2019, the company will expand to more high-end consumers in Kyoto and the two lakes.
In the consumer goods industry, brand visibility helps increase the number of consumers and enhances consumer stickyness. Companies raise brand influence through multi-channel brand publicity.
Five years on the Hu-Yun brand list, four years in a row, the first brand of liver and gall medicine, and the Chinese old word for 24,903 million dollars in brand value.
The multi-millimeter system, which provides a description of the film “from the palace, from the temple, from abroad, and from the contemporary world”, has helped visitors to further deepen their brand image.
Manufacturing: The Māori rate has declined slightly, and the higher Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori-Māori.
• The most rapid increase in the cost of direct materials: natural musk prices were more stable among the company's raw materials; and, beginning in the second half of 2016, increased market demand for cow yolk led to a faster increase in the price of cow yolk. The price of cow yolk rose from about $100,000/kg to about $350,000/kilogram, and the company was active.
Strategic reserves of cow and yellow resources 5.46%. According to the Bureau of Statistics, the annual compound increase in food cpi in 2005-2017 was as follows: historical price increases in the export price of a piece of thugs (United States dollars)
Figure 4: Historical price increases in domestic prices in small pieces, natural musk upstream: rations plus strategic musk-raising, safe production, natural musk, the main raw material of small pieces of titanium, is the management material of the national priority programme, the day used by the company to produce it.
The new ration matches the amount of raw material used in the production and the production is in danger.  In addition, the company started the production of silviculture in 2007.