Sales increased by close to 30 per cent in 2018, and the consumption-driven performance growth trend continued on 14/04/2019
▪ Events: The company announcement for the year 2018 recorded a gross operating income of $4,766 million, an increase of $1,124 million in net profits from non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders of listed companies, an increase of 44.97 per cent, an increase of 1.18 billion yuan in total operating income of 2018q4, an increase of $1.18 billion, an increase of the same amount.
A net profit of $219 million on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which is growing on a year-on-year basis, drives the rapid growth of the company’s performance. Growth in corporate income is driven mainly by growth in the sale of the dominant product series.
In addition to price adjustments, marketing reforms have been introduced to enhance the expansion of markets and distribution channels, including through a small-scale experience of shops, distributors, etc. The company’s products have been stable during the reporting period following the price adjustment in May 2017.
As can be seen from the annual reports, the company’s products are not affected by the macroeconomic cycle and are still growing at a high level, and its prices are still subject to upward adjustment. We believe that the company’s output is strong, its sales capacity continues to increase, and its product is higher and larger in 2019.
▪ Net interest rates continue to rise, and there is room for a double price rise. In 2018, the company’s Māori rate declined and its ability to operate increased. We believe that the company’s Māori and net profit levels remain significantly higher as core products are further sold and released and cost rates are effectively controlled.
II. "Photo (600436): Proactive marketing of the core product of the Photo, which continues to grow in volume and logic, drives the company ' s performance.
Thus, the company maintained its “buy-in” rating. The company announced in 2018 that its gross operating income was $4,766 million, an increase of 28.33 per cent in the same year, the net profit attributable to the company's shareholders in the listed company was $1,143 million, an increase of 41.62 per cent in the same year, and the deduction of non-recurrent losses attributable to the shareholders in the listed company.
Of this amount, the gross operating income of the 2018q4 company was $1,180 million, an increase of 21.77 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $223 million, an increase of 68.53 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, net of non-recurrent gains and losses, continued high growth in the series of products, driving the rapid release of the company's performance
1) The company has continued to increase its sales of its core products through a sustained increase in marketing capacity in recent years. In the company’s report, the parent company’s statements consist mainly of a series of products. In 2018, the parent company’s statements achieved sales revenue.
On May 27, 2017, the company announced that the terminal price of the film would rise from $500 to $530, and in July it sold about 5.1 million tons of the year’s total synthetic film. After the company entered into marketing reforms in 2016, sales increased at a significant rate, and the net profit on the company’s parent’s statement continued to rise as the cost of sales fell.
Figure 2: Changes in sales earnings and net profits of parent companies’ statements
During the period under review, the provinces of Xinjiang, Shanxi, and Inner Mongolia achieved a “zero” breakthrough in the empty market, expanding geographically to a wider extent throughout the country, and promoting the sale of corporate products.
At the same time, the company continues to increase its academic outreach and its commitment to using modern scientific evidence to explain the unique effects of the film, to be accurate and to gain new customers. In the context of regional expansion, it has expanded its efforts to expand the Kyoto wings, the Long Triangle, the two lakes, etc.
After the price adjustment in May 2017, the company’s products were stable during the reporting period.
Data show that the company’s products are not affected by the macroeconomic cycle, that they continue to grow at a high rate, and that there is still room for upward adjustment. We believe that the company’s product is strong, its sales capacity continues to increase, and that the product’s price increase and the increase in the volume of the product will be both in 2019.
2. During the reporting period, the performance of such subsidiaries as the Cosmetics Company was excellent, providing new growth for the company. The company, driven by the strategic drive of one nuclear wing, focused on human medicines, health-care foods and specialty cosmetics, and solarized products, developed better than before, thus becoming an important driving force beyond the company ' s main product.
In 2018, Xiamen Hyun-in completed the merger and became a subsidiary of the company, earning 2,001 million yuan, an increase of 24.92 per cent, and a significant increase in income and profits, making it another important point of growth for the company. At the same time, Cosmetics achieved an operating income of 274 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 56.95 per cent and a total profit of 42.49 million yuan, an increase of 101.93 per cent;
Although the company's subsidiaries contribute relatively small profits, they still have a large net interest rate that continues to rise, and there is room for a double price rise, mainly as a result of the Xiamen's collage and the increase in the share of low Māori-rate products, such as cosmetics, solarized products, etc.
During the reporting period, the net interest rate for companies was 23.68%, higher than the corresponding level of 21.01% in 2017, driven mainly by the decline in sales and management costs of companies and the increased capacity of companies to operate. We believe that both the Māori and the net profit rates of the company’s core product are at a higher level, as the core product is further sold and released, and the cost rates are effective.
Control, the Māori and net profit levels of companies still have much room for improvement. Marketing and management costs for companies during the reporting period were $392 million and $241 million, respectively, representing a 2.8 per cent decline in the same period.
Figure 3: Māori, net interest rates and cost rates of companies, Figure 4: Changes in sales and management costs of companies (in billions of dollars) are wide-ranging. Therefore, the “buy-in” rating of companies is maintained.
The price increase was lower than expected; market promotion was lower than expected; the supply of medicinal materials in raw materials and the risk of price fluctuations.