The growth of the pharmaceutical organisms is strong, and the performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre continues to outpace expectations.
Events: Corporate announcement of operating income in 2018, withholding of net profits of approximately $4.77 billion, $1.12 billion, and strong endogenous growth and continued overperformance. Revenue end point is sustained high growth and derivatives are growing faster. Corporate business income in 2018 was about $4.8 billion, a 28 per cent increase over the same period; the parent company received more than 28 per cent over the same period.
At about 1.88 billion yuan, the rate of increase was about 29 per cent for the same year, of which the core product hepatopathics earned about $1.8 billion, or about 32 per cent for the same year, and we estimate that the annual rate of increase in the sale of insinants is around 30 per cent; the subsidiary Xiamen Hiroren earned about $2.1 billion, or about 25 per cent for the same year; and the income from the meds was about 25 per cent for the same year.
Seven hundred and sixty million yuan, a 31 per cent increase in the same year; cosmetics, a 57 per cent increase in the same year; oral care, a revenue of about 120 million yuan, a 41 per cent increase in the same year; overseas, a revenue of about 320 million yuan in the same period, the effect of which was generated. Deduction of non-net profit in 2018 was about 1,120 million yuan, a 45 per cent increase in the same year, which was higher than income.
The cost of sales is about $390 million, a decline of about 2.8 per cent in the same year, downside costs for parent companies and toothpaste promotions, and better controls for the rest, such as administrative costs and financial costs. In a single quarter, operating income of 2018q4 and net profit deductions are estimated at about $1.18 billion and $220 million, respectively, representing an increase of about 21.8 per cent and 73 per cent, respectively.
The income of the parent company grew by about 31 per cent, while sales of the core products recovered; and net profits for the single quarter were about 18.6 per cent, a decline of about 7 percentage points from the same period, owing to a decline in the Māori rate due to a change in the income structure, combined with the adjustment of the 2018q3 channel, where we expect the company to be in a predictable position.
The rapid pace of growth is clear, and the company’s rapid growth continues to be appreciated. 1) The management strategy is clear, with the change from the original business model to active marketing. Current models such as the Light Asset Experience Shop have led to the movement of the product from Fujian to China, South China, North China, and beyond, the experience model and related policies will continue to be advanced.a
Construction of a video shop with an estimated increase of over 50 per cent in the size of its outlets in 2018, which is now expected to be more than 150, which is expected to continue to grow steadily and qualitatively in 2019, keeping an eye on the volume of sales in its channels;b, enhancement of end-of-product prices
Management of profit spaces for guaranteed channels, which currently experience increased shop activity, will promote product sales; 2) scarcity, which enhances the logic of price increases. There is now increased competition for natural musk demand across the country and scarcity of raw materials.
The price of raw materials, such as cow and yellow, has increased dramatically, and there are poor market expectations for liver use in 2018. The company’s uniqueness, scarcity, and the special nature of its stage of development deserve a high valuation: the musk industry, though tight, is still fragmented within the industry and its raw materials for the company.
The supply is stable and stable, owing to the improvement in the number of mussels in the industry, the stockpiling of musk bases, the adoption of applications for increased quotas, etc. Scarcity and product price increases logic, which will lead to higher brand image as companies grow in the marketing field
No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.