The company is a leader in the automation of industrial controls in the country, and core competitiveness is the ability to define advanced production relations in the industrial control industry: evolution according to the nature of the downstream market demand and the different stages of its own development.
The organizational structure matches market demand and breaks business bottlenecks. As a result of the third round of organizational changes, a custom-made strategy under the powerful platform will widen the common automated business boundaries of companies and improve profitability. Adding the impact of the epidemic to accelerate import substitution.
Car customers are also in the release period, starting with a significant loss in the 20th century. Keeping the "buy-in" rating.
Business plates, market concentricity into maximum product platforms, solutions, industrial software domain, extension of the value chain with electrical electronics as technology platforms, and search for higher levels of new energy vehicles
At the same time, in the dominant industries, it expands from core parts and components to full-scale packages, optimizes value creation, and enhances growth space. Management continuously adapts its business strategies and organizational structures to the different needs of the market and to the different stages of its own, deepening the moat.
Following the second change in the organizational structure, industry-based customization brought company growth from 2015 to 2018, subject to bottlenecks in the customization model, per capita income and profit growth rates.
Slip, the constraint is that the single market does not have the advantage of marketing technology. The third organizational change has three dimensions: (a) the Ratundo technology platform, which strengthens the integrated supply chain, enhances the competitiveness of generic products, and reduces R & D and manufacturing amortization; and (b) customization based on strong platforms will widen automation.
Business boundaries, paving the way for companies to enter the “top” and single markets;3 efficiency-oriented, cost-controlled, profitability is expected to increase continuously.
The new energy track is extremely dynamic, with much more industrial than the R & D, manufacturing, supply chain process control systems, industry, capital spending based on a balance of scale effects, and a loss point that means that the business has its own blood capacity. By 2020, q1, more than eight hosts were targeted in the country.
The plant, which is the main source of three new car-making forces, has entered the first-line vehicle supply, including the BMW, the Great Wall, 1 SWITCH: Over-expected performance, the point of diversion. 20q3 has seen a rise in the outbreak of motor power carriers, with the city ranked first in January-August.
2- Harikawa Technologies: International Customer-Training Strategy Landed, Automobile Electronics started to suffer losses in 20 years. Meanwhile, Automated Import Substitution for International Hosts by Companies Using Car Products 20200608
The more plants, label companies develop manufacturing, quality management systems that move from industrial goods to car electronics, the more the technology of the river: the industrial giants, the wind and the wind, the supply chain bargaining power is expected to grow, and the scale effect will counter-fear the supply chain, the new energy.
The potential for growth as a target for smart-making platforms, the share of automation in the post-epidemiological era, the acceleration of new energy power controls, the break-through of orders from overseas customers, the organizational changes, corporate gains, etc.
The point of profit has gone up, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. 1; implementation of the sinking strategy has been hampered; 2; industrial automation has been downgraded; 3 new energy vehicle research and development has been hampered; 4 and organizational restructuring and management changes have been hampered.
Market view: Sinkkawa is a marketing company with competitiveness in technology marketing, core products in the country.
The city accounts for 10-15%, with limited scope for upgrading. Performance growth in the first half of 2020 was driven by the epidemic, with a larger and unsustainable dynamic component. The new energy vehicle business has progressed less than expected, dragging companies away from the market view, and we believe that:
The advantage at the industry level is to integrate technology into the client landscape, but this is only the first level of competitiveness. By recycling the company’s growth history, a combination of competitive advantages can be drawn: management can take different lives according to industry.
The cycle phase, the pattern of competition, in combination with its own strengths, promotes organizational structural change, improves operational efficiency, and changes in organizational structure break through custom-based bottlenecks and widens operational boundaries. In 2018, the company pushed for a third round of organizational architecture change, significantly expanding operational boundaries, eliminating “customization” patterns.
Large-scale leverage, per capita output turning upwards, and marginal improvements in profitability. Import replacements during the epidemic are irreversible, with 2020 being the watershed in corporate automation.3 Markets should look at the real changes that new energy operations bring to Sinkuan at higher scales.
As a result of its own efforts to move from industrial to car-powered enterprises, it is hoped that the future will hit companies that are using international front-line automobile electronics. The new energy automobile business has been in place for 10 years, targeting overseas first-line mainframes, opening up a new era of automobile electronics. The new energy source in Hong Kong is not just a space for growth, but rather a new era.
The growth of Hitcha comes from three dimensions: business model change, industry chain and value chain extension, and globalization. Business model change is one of organizational architecture change and process management optimization, company 2020.
Customization strategies under strong platforms have been introduced to widen the operational boundaries of generic automated products, adapters, servers to be the top two in the country by 2020, and plc is expected to take up the share of domestic capital, crowding down the inward brand, and companies are using industrial control as a platform in terms of the extension dimension of the industrial chain and value chain
Extension of up-to-date products, solutions, industrial software, extension of the value chain with electrical electronics as a technology platform, search for higher boundaries in the area of new energy vehicles, and expansion of the dominant industries from core parts and components to complete machine packages to enhance market space and competitiveness; and, in market dimensions, use of elevators and new energy sources to sea.
Entering overseas supply chains is the beginning of a corporate globalization strategy. In the medium and long term, we see the growth point of the company over the next three years: on the one hand, from the business model, changes that have led to the expansion of common automated business boundaries, increased baseline competitiveness, and a growing application landscape;
On the other hand, from the new energy business, we judge that the business is expected to lose its profits in 2022, and the host plant outside the sea began to do so in 2023. This report examines the logic of corporate automation in terms of changing business patterns, expanding borders and restoring competitiveness.
The generic automated elements of competition evolve from “customization”, “prices” to “industry-based universality” and “serve-centred integrated solutions”.
Customization and marketing advantages encroach on foreign markets at the lower and middle ends, and domestic production rates rise. As downstream customers’ management costs rise to demand for integrated procurement, and in customized models, R&D & marketing & manufacturing costs are amortized, simple generic products or customized models become less competitive, integrated and competitive.
The customization model is a double-edged sword. General automated business in SWI is custom-made from the moment it was created.
Model, at this stage, a build-up from 0-1 was completed and the second organizational change was completed in 2014, resulting in an increase in automated income far beyond the industry in 2016-2018, but at the same time, per capita output grew marginally downward, or even negative in 2019, and project costs were amortized in the process of a rich industry line.
Performance releases, with no scale effect, per capita income and profit growth on the margins. The company launched its third organizational restructuring adjustment in 2019, setting up a more agile process organization, setting a benchmark for business processes to improve business efficiency.
On the one hand, the organizational architecture reform, which is expected to bring together the technology platform for products, enhance the competitiveness of general goods, and reduce research, development, and manufacturing amortization; on the other hand, efficiency-oriented cost-control measures will continue to increase profitability. The customization under the powerful platform will take full advantage of the cost advantages of companies’ proximity to downstream customers and their scalability.
The company is unique in its role as a leader in the automation of local industries. The customization of the platform is designed to respond to the customization requirements of super-clients, especially innovative customers who lead the future of the industry (i.e. industry leaders). We believe that the personalization needs of top firms are always present and technology is considered first.
The benefits of evolution and the post-market are reasonable, and the demand is quantitative. In addition to making the hardware kernel good, the software needs to be platformed and, under standardized requirements, customized through modularization, which can provide both standard products and customized products, according to which Sinkkawa will be able to produce.
To sum up, the future Hitcha will take advantage of customization under a strong platform to influence client demand through effective communication with clients, enhance corporate efficiency, and magnify leverage. The elevator industry has proven the dialectic coherence of the platform and the custom strategy by guiding customers.
To accept the idea of the company, which is a powerful business capability that the company is going to build. The third organizational change in figure 4 has led to a powerful product platform plus high-end custom model2 with a domestic industrial automation pole, seeking an unbridled expansion.
2.1 The company describes: the home independent automation pole, the opening up of new energy sources to growth opportunities. Established in 2003 and listed on the business board in 2010, it focuses on the development, production and marketing of industrial automation control products, positioning services for medium- and high-end equipment manufacturers, through their own R & D and extended M & A purchases, from the bill.
In terms of industrial automation products, the company has become the largest medium- and low-voltage transformer and server system in the country.
Suppliers; in the elevator industry, the company has become the leading provider of elevator support in the industry; in the area of new energy vehicles, the company has become the leader of the country’s new energy powered vehicle system.
The main areas of corporate sub-operation and application are: one general automation operation; two elevators, large-scale electrical appliance operations; three new energy automobile operations; four industrial robotics operations; and five-track transport operations.
Quick, downstream is highly dispersed. Depending on the area of downstream applications, it is divided into advanced manufacturing, high-end manufacturing, electric fluids, textiles, with advanced manufacturing consisting mainly of lithium, photovoltaic, semiconductor, led, 3c, in favour of new economic applications, while high-end manufacturing consists mainly of traditional workers such as air pressure machines, cranes, construction materials, metallurgy, etc.
Elevator operations: high correlation with real estate fixed asset investments and completion speed. The parent company used elevators as the main product and, in 2019, acquired a large package of Basters (doors, cables) to produce products,
There is synergy between customers and markets. From insider brand clients to multinational firms, the market dimension moves from home to overseas markets. The elevator business also explores a development path for general automation operations, setting up a “synchronous identity” and defining the-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New energy automobile business: corporate strategic business plates, flashpoints for the next 10 years. It's divided into commercial cars and passenger car plates, large and growing market space for vehicle plates, new power of the company's current stock-producing customers, gradual growth of domestic front-line brand customers, and a concentration of international brand mainframes.
We believe that, as scale increases, the business will be expected to have a balance of gains and losses in 2022-2023. The corporate strategy is to extend the platform by “the transformer and the electronic power technology” and to market the platform.
Extending, optimizing value-creation capabilities, while expanding from core parts and components to full-time packages, boosting market space and competitiveness in niche industries.
The company’s controlling shareholder, the actual controlling owner, is Chu Hing Minh, with a total of 7.77% of shares held directly or indirectly, a total of 38% of the core management, and the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company (HKC) holds 11.83% of the share in HSCT. The largest shareholder-Sinkakawa investment is the 19 founders’ shareholding platform.
Senior technologists, sales and managers in the industry have a great deal of experience in electrical and electronic commerce. Most of the members of the company’s founding and management team have Chinese and Emerson’s experience, an internationalization perspective and a profound understanding of the local industrial and regulatory markets, and are good at fast-tracking R & D and R based on the needs of the domestic industrial and regulatory industries.
A Chinese matrix management structure and an ipd development process were introduced in the early days of the start-up, and a perfect industrial development system and a talent development system was established. Since the company was listed, a number of rounds of equity incentives have been used to bind core management and technical staff.
In a strong spirit of sharing, the cumulative four rounds of equity incentives since listing covered 1528 cases, with only 2019 unsatisfied in unlocked conditions. The company’s core team was strong, with an annualized separation rate of less than 6%, well below the industry average. By October 2019, 137 people had won the 10-year corporate contribution prize, compared to 137.
In June 2010, the total number of corporate R & D + management + administration was 49 per cent. 2.3 Financial analysis: upscaling, profit fluctuations, marginalization, market expansion in the industry, on the one hand, and the growth of corporate product market coverage in the industry, on the other.
The cyclical nature of the industry has led companies to move down the course of their business over the past 13 years, relying on their own strong Alpha capabilities and new energy businesses to lead the overall performance through the cycle.
After the epidemic, the share of automation has accelerated, the public, channel, brand power has risen, and the profitability of the organizational structure has gone up. Import substitution in the context of the epidemic is an irreversible trend, with 2020 being a fraction of corporate automation operations.
During the epidemic, the company pursued a “save-and-supply strategy” that took a significant share of the foreign market, combined with the organization of the transformational infrastructure, improved competitiveness and marginal profitability. The company’s main business has grown into three pillars: elevators, universal automation, and new energy.
Platform-based smart-making and new energy enterprises, where elevators and general automation contribute to cash flow operations, steady performance growth, with revenues exceeding 70%, contributing nearly 90% of Māori. The general automated product platform continues to be rich, extending from early-time transformers to elevators, servers, plc, robots, etc., refraction.
At the same time, companies continue to take advantage of technology marketing advantages to capture their share of foreign investment. The Māori ratio of industrial operations has declined slightly, with the impact of the extension of spare parts to the whole machine, on the one hand, and customization, on the other, following the second change in the organizational structure.
New energy commercial vehicles have fallen off the subsidized slopes, prices have fallen, the Māori rate has fallen sharply, and the current size of the vehicle is weak, leading to earlier capital expenditure.
Corporate profitability is largely synchronized with the Māori rate, with the second organizational change (2015), R&D rates and sales costs under the customized model.
After the 2020-h1 epidemic, the share of corporate automation has accelerated, while the implementation of the platformed product strategy in the third organizational change has begun to be reflected in profitability.
R & D-driven light asset models and operating capacity are temporarily held up by new energy operations. As the corporate sector expands from elevators to industry, new energy sources, and tracks, the core controllers move to the system integration layout, the turnover rate of accounts receivable is gradually downwards, and the main components of the system integration are higher premiums for customers and automobile mainframes.
Supply chain resources are squeezed. There is also a normal stock turnover rate, with surface companies preparing and ordering. In terms of asset structure, the company’s light asset business model, with major capital expenditure at human cost (R & D + Figure 18 light asset business model, with sufficient monetary resources).
Chart 19 shows a downward trend in the turnover rate, a long-term forecast for new energy operations, which is proposed to raise $2.3 billion for the acquisition of “sink and river control”, expansion of production, construction of digital factories, industrial software and replenishment of liquidity.
Chart 20ipo and the refinancing fund-raising and the retrenchment of shares can be divided into five phases that map the growth of the industrial cycle and the evolution of the company's operations, and we think that this is an important lesson for the nationalization of the industrial sector.
Corporate stock price increases and profitability increases are roughly matched, with low valuation contributions. Splits up the ps and 3 industrial control industries: demand-side structural growth, supply-end differentiation 3.1 Automated domestic industrial controls - the interwoven cycle and growth
Industrial automation systems, where industrial automation is achieved, are the production and process controls that are achieved in accordance with the intended objectives, without direct human intervention, by machinery or production processes.
The upstream core parts consist of electrical electronics, electronics, glycerine structures, mainly igbt, pcb, electro-resistance capacitors, permagnetic materials, cables, plastics, etc. The semiconductor devices such as gbt, dsp chips, etc. are mainly dependent on imports and account for higher product costs, high precision coding in power drive systems.
Equipment is more import-dependent; resists, capacitors, etc., and parts and components of the domestic industrial chain, such as pcb, end plug-ins, are available for domestic supply.
Layer-plc, motion controller: internal storage of operational instructions such as logical calculations, sequence control. Interact command and feedback with the outside by numbering and simulating input output commands, and automate the plant by dispatching the drive-level and execution-level devices.
The server system is similar to the transformer electronics technology, and is supplemented by the bit control function, which requires higher performance, accuracy, real-time control than the transformer, mainly in demand precision.
Controled scenes. Executing layer - consists mainly of electrical power, valves, aerodynamic components. Sensor layer includes encoder, near switch, pressure sensor, flow sensor, temperature sensor, visual sensor, etc. Downstream markets are divided into project-type markets and oem markets according to market characteristics, according to application sub-areas.
It can be divided into air presses, cranes, machine beds, metal products, wire cables, printed packaging, plastics, building materials, metallurgicals, chemicals, oil, 3c, robotics/mechanical hands, lithium electricity, led, printing, etc., with fragments in the industrial chain of industrial automation in figure 23.
Project types: electricity, metallurgy, construction materials, oil and gas, chemicals, mining, municipal works, etc. Oem: machine tools, textile machinery, food machinery, medical equipment, printing machinery, packaging machinery, 3c electronics manufacturing, industrial robotics, cranes, plastic machinery, rubber machinery, etc.
Project-based markets and oem markets vary considerably from demand side to product structure, project-based markets are system-driven, end markets are dominated by domestic needs such as heavy industry, infrastructure, etc., and are less affected by macroeconomic fluctuations, and are driven by capital spending by governments and corporations.
Marketized demand pulls and end-consumption orientation is strongly influenced by domestic demand and exports. The opening of the oem market in 2016 for the first time outpaced the project-based market, marking a gradual shift from investment-based attributes to consumption-driven drivers of industrial automation.
Figure 24 2010-20219 The size of the domestic oem and project-based markets Figure 25ppi is highly correlated with the industrial oem market landscape Figure 262019 Distribution of the downstream areas of the automated oem market
Figure 272018 Distribution of the downstream areas of the automated project-type market Division of demand-side structures, the transition of the traditional economy to a new economy, leading to the release of advanced manufacturing demand, the production of products and the mapping of high-end equipment requirements with downstream industries to lead the overall industrial system.
The impact is more volatile, with the high-technology industry continuing to lead the industrial sector. The manufacturing industry has increased its demand for communications servers at the same time in January-May as in May 2020q1 semiconductors, power batteries, and 3c electronics. The demand for electronics and semiconductors has grown by 20%, the demand for power batteries by 13.8%, and the demand for electronics by 3c.
Figure 28 High-technology industry acceleration lead, chart 292020q1 semiconductor/power cell/3c with higher server speed, with low-voltage transformers and server-driven market space, 2019
The ratio is 15% and 10% respectively. According to data from the mir-Wise industry, the domestic low-pressure market was 13,941 million yuan in 2017-2019 and is expected to reach 15,037 million yuan in 2021, and the growth rate in the service industry, represented by advanced manufacturing, is faster than the frequency changer.
Figure 31 2014-2021e Space in the low-voltage transformer industry Chart 32 2014-2021e Server-driven space in the global industrial automation industry
The big factions, Europe and America, represent manufacturers like Siemens, abb, Schneider, etc., and the Japanese, Angawa, Mitsubishi, Fuji, etc.. European and American manufacturers are much better at large automated systems, and Japanese manufacturers are much more good at small systems. In the field of large engineering electrical transmissions, Euro and American brands have high market ownership and small machines.
In the area of equipment manufacturing, there is a large market share for solar brands. Nationally produced mutagenic products, as a result of continuous research and development inputs over the years, have gradually emerged in terms of performance, reliability, pre-sale, post-sale services, cost control, and so forth, and are national products represented by synchronous technology, and by the Intung.
Fluctuator companies are gradually taking advantage of foreign brands and their share of the market continues to rise. At present, low-voltage transformers are widely used in elevators, wind power, orbital traffic, cranes, logistics equipment, petrochemicals, cable cables, plastic machines, textile machines, carpentry machinery, air pressure machines, digital control beds, printing.
In the areas of brushing machines, packaging machines, metal pressure, building materials, ceramic equipment, windmill pumps, etc., Figure 342019 Market share of low-pressure transformers, Figure 33 Market share of low-pressure transformers, 2008
Figure 35 Market share of domestic server systems, 2008 Figure 362019 Market share of domestic server systems, taking into account that many small automated equipment suppliers were not included in the third-party statistical sample
The real market for low-pressure transformers in the country is larger than that for mer, industrial control networks, and the rate of national production is slightly higher than that of third parties. There are more than 500 low-pressure transformers in the country and more than 300 servers, both of which have some homogeneity.
Customization and low-priced strategies to mimic the foreign brand share, with 100-200 companies operating at around $50 million a year, with a huge end-of-the-end market. Using the 2010 low-pressure transformer mainstream brand as a reference, more than 40 major national brands of more than $30 million were created.
Figure 37 is a low-voltage transformer, the main brand derivative tree, and figure 38 is a national product replacement.
Frequency converters and server drivers, including controls such as plc, mechanics and so forth, are similar to the logic of national production substitution by implementing agencies, relying on customized services, price advantages.
A chip, an igbt-driven chip import to replace lower product costs. Could, at the same time, replace part of the electrical cost, with a product premium. Design of customized products, relying on scenario design and definition, with product applications in different settings generating differentiated demand, internal assets.
The product is not only defined on the basis of competitors’ products. At the same time, the customization model relies heavily on rapid market responsiveness, which is determined by business models and organizational structures, while overseas R & D, headquarters engineers cost more than domestic R & D staff, custom projects have a high volume of hardware and software modifications, no.
There are large scale effects, production-manufacturing amortization, general goods profitability levels are already lower than domestic brands, and customization costs are more pressing; on the other hand, foreign capital is usually separated from the Ministry of Markets, and the development of new domestic R & D components requires authorization from overseas headquarters and a cumbersome process system.
Given the fragmentation of domestic industrial downstream industries and the low concentration of customers.
The point of competition for customization is to bind a head customer, understand a particular industry, and deliver quickly. The competition for common goods is in terms of the cost, performance, interoperability of the product (support of several modes of communication, areas applicable), part of it.
Foreign brands have taken the lead in autonomous replacements in the areas of master chips and igbt. According to the edn sub-design technology network, engineers have shown that the control panel has been used exclusively assic. The igbt module also uses self-emplacement mode-downs that enhance power confidentiality.
Some domestic brands are already using the home-grown igbt module in the frequency changer field, and in the future, as local power semiconductor manufacturers develop, industrially controlled products are expected to increase the use of their own products.
Custom chip requirements for delivery volume and product stability are high, with at least 100,000 single-species units using a dedicated asic chart 43igbt self-encapsulation driven by the Sigma-7 server on Chart 42
The industrial automation industry is increasingly demanding software capabilities for product technologies and solutions. A single-dimensional generic product or specialist will be difficult to meet market demands in the future.
In many forms, such as "control+drivers" and "drivers+electrics", the "control+drivers" integration can significantly reduce the cost of the system and the volume of the system and enhance its overall performance: "drive+electrics" that can improve system reliability and electromagnetic compatibility. It can also be seen from the 2020 Expo.
(i) A 3D warehouse demonstration-Anchon remote monitoring of the status of work at the 3D warehouse to achieve stable production at the plant. The logistics warehouse must be equipped with a 3D warehouse, sorting devices, transmissions, etc.
The components (control systems, transformers, servers, machines, electric machines) that are necessary for each device can be prepared by the Antxuan electric machine in combination. As a result, a solution proposal for the system as a whole can be achieved.
The coating operations. Optimizing the layout and increasing robotic efficiency by providing different configurations.
Integrated integrated solutions require that suppliers work collaboratively with their clients, and that the future new product will have a strong continuity, with customers demanding long-term accompaniment from their suppliers, head brands, multi-product integration and system overlaps far ahead of their tail competitors and concentration towards their head.
Chart 44 Ancheon-Stubrey Demolector 4 Reciprocal and Evolution - Organizational Structural Change Reshaping Competitiveness - By recapitulating 17 years of development, we take stock of the source of corporate competitiveness - Management has the capacity to take root.
In the light of the different life cycles of the industry and the various stages of the company ' s development, and in the context of market demand, corporate resources and competition authorities, the corresponding structural changes have been promoted to continue to break through the development bottlenecks.
Strategic thinking is clear, new business is constantly opening up, raising the growth space. The company expands the business in two dimensions of the electronic power & industrial market, starting with the transformer and the electronic power technology, the concentric circle of the market, into the field of servers, plc, robots, etc., and extends from the driving layer to the control layer, the sensor.
The technology concentricity extends from industrial inverters to new energy sources, to inter-trading areas, and optimizes value-creation capabilities.
Insiders go hand in hand, filling the short slates of technology, business, and industry lines. In the industrial domain, firms constantly fill the short slates of technology by way of extrapolating, for example, in 2011 when M&As “long-year” buys “Shanghai Lane” enhanced the competitive edge of robots.
In 2019, the company bought and bought the parts to complete the entire machine. The company’s elevator operations were very exemplary, and the strategic thinking was very well interpreted.
It is expected to replicate horizontally into other areas, moving from customization to standardization and upgrading of domestic clients to multinational enterprises. Elevator operations revenue increased from 0.34 billion yuan in 2007 to 1.42 billion yuan in 2019, with control devices accounting for 70% of the stock market in the capital market.
In order to raise the market space, and at the same time to increase the market share within the multinational enterprise, the company acquired Béster in 2019, and became integrated into a large-scale cross-border movement, from insider brands to multinationals, and markets from home to overseas continuously boosted the market space and expanded competition.
Figure 48: Evolution of elevator operations 4.2. Use the concept of “engineering merchants” and have a strong capacity to produce the entry scene
In the pre-establishment phase, the company moved in from elevator controllers (traffics) and emulators (electric fluids) to avoid the staggers of Euro and solar elastic generic products.
In terms of technology indicators for driving products, there is still a technology gap between the initial market entry and the servo product, and companies provide expert control and drive systems for strategic customers based on the breakdown of industry customers.
To meet the needs of industry clients in terms of integration, intelligence, differentiation, and to compensate for performance disadvantages, it has been widely used in textiles, elevators, cranes, plastics, etc. The textile industry, for example, covers combing self-harm control, combing machines, high-speed rolls, etc.
Products such as head-to-head triads, electronic delivery of quintessential server drives, overall power control systems for jet-woven machines, air flow node controllers and electronic-forming special drives are applied extensively to various textile machines to meet the performance and reliability requirements of the textile industry.
The Iac200 modularized high-speed jet-weaving system is an integrated solution for high-end jet-weaving, developed autonomously and developed by the SWIFT technology and applied to mainstream domestic and foreign jet-weaving machines. The system uses modular, fractal design to support customization needs such as electronic distribution, electronic roll-outs, e-rolling, and electronic multiarms.
Figure 50iac200 Modularized high-speed jet-weaving systems Lotus100 E-mailed dedicated server systems are innovations in the combination of the textile-weaving electronic roll-out process based on a domestic lead server driver and motor technology.
The resulting integrated jet system, which can be widely applied to swordsticks, jets, water-jets. Figure 51lotus100 electronicly delivers special servo systems and prototypes of servo products, which depend on both marketing sensitivity to downstream markets and production capacity.
Systems support, and industrial engineering has allowed Hitcha to improve its manufacturing efficiency under the "customization" model. The rapid changes in the end of consumption have become industry-wide, from the provision of a single industrial control product, to the integrated solution of the photovoltaic fluid, to becoming an intelligent manufacturing system-level provider of solutions.
In 2018, of the more than $5.8 billion in sales revenue, unlabelled customized products reached 90%.
At the same time, there are up to 85% of the 50 supply chain worksheets, and the frequency of daily rewirings is huge. So how to deliver high-quality products quickly makes it a challenge to meet client diversity.
(b) Optimizing the processing of substations as one-stop automation operations and improving performance rates through process integration;
3. On-line integration testing, supporting 16 product multi-window displays and testing, testing efficiency enhancement, testing platform replacement of traditional plug-in tests with a top-to-top approach, and rapid transformation in small multi-volume cases: joint design of engineering matching tests with spray-painting treatments, reducing treatment input costs:
5. The application of automated equipment such as plugs, glues, lock screws, spray paints, etc., has greatly enhanced the intelligent application of equipment such as production efficiency 6, single machine module design, compatible design, smart scans, fast-change modules, etc., and has significantly improved production line efficiency and saved manpower;
7. Integration, development, application, upgrading of industrial information management and promotion of smart manufacturing through industrial software such as industrial software such as erp, mes, scada, object networking. In addition, companies have introduced elite production, industrial engineering teams, through the standardization of operations, methodological research, operation determination, value flow analysis (vsa), plant layout,
Logistics handling design, human & equipment resource planning, production matching, etc., as well as the promotion of sophisticated production tools, ranging from product design, production, marketing, maintenance and the management of product life cycle processes.
4.3 The third organizational change - breaking the customised border Organizational change is intended to provide clients with better products and solutions.
The evolution of the industry-line model has led to a change in the organizational structure of the 52nd company over the next three years, which has led to a significant fragmentation of industrial automation requirements and client decentralization, as well as a race-tracking procession.
The diversity of the industry has been defined, foreign manufacturers rely on brands and product performance advantages to follow the generic distribution route, while the internal brands, represented by the Hong Kong River, have taken full advantage of the custom model in their rise history, proximity to downstream customers for differential value creation.
The difference between the custom model and the generic platform model is not just the product R & D model, but also the business.
Conducting processes and organizing resources in the functional sectors of markets, marketing, R & D, supply chains, both fast-tracking and simultaneous development and maintenance of multi-product platforms. Organizational changes in 2014-2018 upgraded the industry line structure and tied R & D and the Ministry of Markets under the product line system, organizational structure
As a result of the restructuring, industrial control operations, represented by transformers and servers, have grown far beyond the industry since 2016. Under the industry line structure, the industry line’s standing committee decides on customized product programs, product lines and R & D project team responses, product lines are more concerned with whether the company’s platform supports the industry program and the industry line.
Industry programmes can increase the capacity of the platform in what areas, while considering where the product platform should work according to the future needs of the industry. At this point, industry lines can direct the resources of the company’s functional departments, such as setting up R & D project teams and making the supply chain responsive to the timely delivery needs of which industry or type of customer.
After the second organizational change, companies were subjected to bottlenecks in customized patterns, resulting in increases in per capita income and profits.
The industry has had an advantage over the industry, with large revenues and loss of scale. Measuring part of the per capita income from industrial products (R & D + sales) and the growth rate of Mäori have continued to decline, adding up all R & D costs (282,000 yuan per person in 2015 to 255,000 yuan per person in 2018) have continued upwards and newer.
The marginal profit growth brought about by investing in human capital was reversed in 2019, and the downside growth rate in industry was reversed, with a surge in R & D staff starting in 2014.
To this end, in 2019, the company launched its fourth organizational restructuring, with a more agile process organization and standard business processes to improve business efficiency. We believe that changes in the corporate organizational structure have two meanings: on the one hand, organizational restructuring, with the promise of building a technology platform for products and products, enhancing the competitiveness of tradables, and reducing their competitiveness.
R & D and manufacturing amortization; on the other hand, efficiency-oriented cost-control will continue to improve profitability. Platforming and customization strategies will take full advantage of the cost advantages of companies’ proximity to downstream customers and scale, which is the company’s unique feature as a leader in local industrial control automation.
Clients respond to customization requirements, especially for innovative clients, and lead future industry development. Top-level individualization needs exist, taking into account technological sophistication and the interests of the post-market, which is reasonable, and a lot of which can be quantified. In addition to hardware kernels, software needs to be platformed below standardized demand.
On the one hand, the provision of standard products, on the other hand, the provision of customized products, and the influence of the SWIFT brand on client capacity are improving, influencing client demand through effective communication with clients, and improving our efficiency in integrated operations. The elevator industry has proven the uniformity of the dialectic of the platform ' s risk-based customization strategy.
By guiding customers to accept corporate ideas, it is the ability of companies to build up the ability to operate efficiently. The “up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-to-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-to-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up
In the past, some FDI in high-end markets, product pricing and Delta were at the same level, above domestic capital by about 20%, and the premium was based on the differentiated value of technology marketing under the direct distribution model. But there was no apparent advantage in the market distribution system competition, and the customization of small customers was worthless and unaffordable.
At the same time, under the custom model, the company optimizes the project appraisal strategy, strictly controls the cost and project acquisition end.
Five new energy automobile operations - the beginning of globalization - power control is an extension of the company's new energy car market using electrical electronic technology as its platform. The power drive is the core parts of the new energy source automobile, which replaces the conventional fuel engine engine (engine + gearbox) with its sex.
It determines the driving power of a new energy vehicle. The power drive consists mainly of a power control, a power generator, a deceleration, in which the power is controlled by controlling the electrical voltage or current, completing the motor's drive and direction control. The company has developed a complete product system, including a power controller, a high-performance motor, dc/dc power.
Sources, obc power sources, quintessential controllers, power-driven totals, power aggregates, etc., provide low-cost, high-quality integrated product solutions and services for new energy commercial vehicles and vehicles.
From the 2010 deployment of the new energy commercial vehicle, the company worked with the largest passenger vehicle provider in the country, and became the largest third-party power provider in the country, the technology platform went from "unielectric" products to "three, one, five" integrated controllers. The domestic market for new energy commercial vehicles grew more mature, with companies operating in the industry.
The deployment of new energy vehicles began in 2014 to upgrade capacity in R & D, process management, and quality management systems through a strategy of international customer towed. By the end of 2018, eight domestic vehicles had been targeted, with partial bulk delivery in 2019.
Targeted international customer demonstrations are of great significance and help to drive customers to open up and build supply chains. For the first time, electronic control products have broken through overseas markets, signalling that corporate R & D manufacturing, quality management systems are moving from industrial goods to car electronics. International customer-motivation is the core growth force of the company’s new energy automobile business.
To enhance the international impact of new energy products from companies. Overseas customers’ endorsements help to open up domestic markets, and, with the international mainframe branding effect, R & D, management, manufacturing systems can be internationally integrated, supply chain bargaining capacity will be significantly enhanced, and later scale effects will counter-feed supply chains, company new energy automobiles.
The Ministry of Finance issued a policy of readjustment of the new energy car subsidy on 13 February 2018 and 26 March 2019, increasing competition in the market, continuing deterioration of industry profits, and a decline of about 4 per cent in the overall sale of new energy vehicles in 2019.
New energy vehicles are still in the early stages of market development, with a smaller market, and new companies are in strategic investment. International customers demand higher e-car manufacturing systems, testing, and automation.
Production equipment requires significant capital spending, short-term new energy and vehicle profitability is being kept under pressure, and with the beginning of the roll-out of the Department’s domestic point mainframe plant, scale-driven profitability is expected to increase.
Figure 64 Bus-by-car significantly drags the new energy product Māori rate The domestic passenger-car customers enter the release period, 20q3 has experienced an explosion in electric motors, with the city ranked first in January-August, and automobile electronics started to lose 20 years ago.
By the first quarter of 2020, the company’s vehicle product had been targeted at more than eight mainframe plants in the country, serving as the main source of three new car-making forces, and continued to be released as the new firm’s customers continued to do so.
Figure 6520q3 shows an explosive growth in the capacity of a car-mounted control machine. Figure 66, January-August 2020, recorded a significant reduction in the share of the city in Sichuan.
We've chosen sharp lasers, Eston, Macro shares as a share of the valuation of the domestic automation industry, Tripod smarts, Ningde as core parts of a new energy vehicle, averaged 79x/58x for 2020-2021, and less than the average value of comparable companies.
Given that companies are now the most likely to grow up as smart manufacturing platforms in a stock, the epidemic has seen an acceleration in the share of automation, with new energy and electrical controls breaking out of orders from overseas, organizational structures, changing the profit-making point of the company, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
1. The implementation of the sinking strategy has been hampered; 2, industrial automation has been downgraded; 3, development of new energy vehicles has been hampered;
4. Organizational restructuring and management changes are hampered. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are from open market information. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.