The three-quarterly report of Sinkkawa Technology (300124) reports a new surge in expectations, the rise of the two kings of engineering and power control, 30 October 2020.
Chai Ka Fai, former research assistant, was high; 2) the cost ratio was lower than expected, q3 sold, managed, and R & D cost 590 million.
The cost rate of 17.7%, corresponding to 6.5% pct, ring to 3.1 pct, is derived from efficiency gains and cost control; 3) q3 financial costs - 0.44 billion due to exchange rate gains and interest increases, resulting in a positive contribution. The industry’s overall reversal, and the “upward sinking” catch opportunities in the Hong Kong River, q3 is more than expected than +78%.
The q3 sector is in full reverse, with high demand for advanced electronics, lithium power, photovoltaics and so on, and demand recovery in traditional industries such as weight-up, textiles, plastics, etc. The demand in the q3 sector has increased by 6.7%, and the climate has increased further. In addition, the competitiveness of domestic firms, the dividends of engineers abroad, trade, etc.
In the broader context of friction, it has continued to be highlighted that import substitution has accelerated significantly, especially from the Dragonhead River. The q1-3 general (electric fluid) revenue of $3.4 billion (+64%) and the q3 industrial and regulatory sector income of $1,278 million (+78%) is expected to double the number of servers, plus the number of plcs.
The q1-3 motor controls are in the harvest period, with new power and full-scale breakthroughs. Electric q1-3 + 85%, of which q3.3 billion, +162%, are in the use of vehicles.
The new power client ideals, pelicans, Wilma fast-disbursts, q1-3 swathes of 74,000 cars, have inspired confidence by increasing the purchase of the plc line and the top companies, such as the overseas Odydcdcc, to continue to break through, and expect more orders to be made.
The power cars are expected to increase their income this year, and the profits are high.
The elevators are growing faster, and the elevator parts company, which builds the world’s poles, is growing faster. The elevators +bstq1-3 income.
Rapid growth, accelerated integration of Hitchon+bst, and the global flagship elevator parts company. 2020-07-08 High growth in automation (78% higher than expected for q3) and significant improvements in compounding profitability (26.25% net interest rate for q3 and 26.25% net interest rate for q3
+11.06pc, Ring +5.11pc) , with orders still strong and expected to continue to increase throughout the year, the company forecasts QBEST to earn $900 million in q3 and a net return profit of $900 million over the year, figure 1: q1-3 revenue of $8.98 billion, compared to +65.00 per cent.
The profitability of q3 has improved significantly, the Māori rate has remained high, the cost of lowering capital controls has been significantly more efficient, and the financial costs are being contributed, and the cost rate has fallen far more than expected. q1-3 Māori has been 39.35 per cent, an increase of 1.08 pt, q3 Māri has improved from: 1) changes in product structure, Māori service rates and sales of products such as plc have increased significantly in the same proportion (ring ratio)
This is a slight decrease; 2) management change, reduction of efficiency measures that are beginning to show results, with sales costs, management costs, R & D costs increasing at a slower rate than revenue; 3) q3 making a positive contribution to financial costs as a result of gains on exchange and interest.q3 Industry q3 continues to recover, with demand for advanced electronics, lithium power, photovoltaics, logistics, industrial robots, etc.
The capital-related sector has grown rapidly, the demand for textiles, plastics, etc. in the traditional sector has recovered, the import substitution has accelerated, and the share of domestic capital has been rising; and the q1-3suction-related general automation operation (with sbu) has generated 3,396 million revenues, of which q3 earned 1,278 million, the Q3 +78 per cent, and the Q1 + 78 per cent have been controlled throughout the year.
The q3 sector has been fully reversed, with high growth in the advanced manufacturing sector with the advantage of the Hong Kong River, and a recovery in the traditional sector, which is much better than q2. The 19q4 industrial control industries have begun to recover weakly, the 20q1 affected industry has experienced strong demand for industrial robots (+25.7%) and the construction-related engineering machinery (+30.6%) and the construction-related engineering machinery (+30.6%).
There is also a recovery, and there is a continuing demand for the repeated masks, smelts, etc. The industry has improved from month to month from indicators such as macro pmi, solid injection in manufacturing, increased data on industrial robots, machine-bed sales, strong growth, and the growth of microindustrial orders q3 over q2.
+12.9%, +13.9%, +20.6%, +12.9%, +13.9%, +20.6%
The supply of foreign capital-controlled suppliers is tight, the dividends and competitiveness of domestic suppliers are highlighted, while trade friction makes the supply chain security of industrial enterprises particularly important, and several factors have accelerated the process of domestic import substitution, although foreign capital supply capacity has been gradually restored, some downstream manufacturers have already done so.
The accelerated completion of the national conversion process and the continued acceleration of import substitution, while the supply capacity of the capital-controlled enterprise, Segawa, was strongest and benefited most from the accelerated import-substitution process. “Sinking up and down” full-scale catch opportunities, q1-3 was over-expected by comparison with +64%, and the order is still strong and full.
The advantage of advanced manufacturing electron 3c, lithium electricity, photovoltaics, traditional textile, printing packages, electrical fluids, etc. are recovering, adding up to the acceleration of import substitution and expanding rapidly in the context of the “ups and downs” strategic driver share of the remittance. At the order angle, q3 basically continues the high increase of q2 and q4 continues to grow at high rates.
Over 60% growth is expected throughout the year, with a further 40% increase expected next year. The Māori rate for common products has increased significantly over the same year. 20q1-3 Māori for general products in the Hong Kong River has improved significantly over the same year, and the q3 ring ratio is expected to remain largely stable, from 1) the new sv660, plc product was launched in 19 years to serve the new platform.
Platform products, etc., sales prices, Māori increase; 2) Efficiency mitigation measures are beginning to show results, with emphasis on in-house diving and process optimization since the end of last year, and Māori ratios for products such as servers, control systems and so on have increased consistently; 3) industry supply constraints and improved bargaining power.
Throughout the year, the recovery in the industrial and regulatory sector, particularly in advanced manufacturing demand, import substitution and acceleration, was accompanied by a self-reinforcing base in Hong Kong, the upgrading of new products + “up top down” marketing strategies + organizational change empowerment, and an upward adjustment to the expected annual growth of more than 60 per cent in the industrial and regulatory sector in Hong Kong and a high rate of Maori.
Figure 8: Manufacturing industry added value in September (the same month) +7.6 per cent
New energy vehicle sales in the country have recovered, and new forces are prominent, and are expected to continue to rise throughout the year. New domestic energy q3 automobiles have recovered significantly, with 342,000 vehicles in the q3 country, or +31.5 per cent, of which 312,000 (+34.5 per cent), 29,000 commercial vehicles (+3.6 per cent) and a cumulative output of 738,000 o1-3
Vehicles (-17.7%), q3 with a marked acceleration. According to Federation data q1-3 with a yield of 20.9 million (+85%), ideal 1.67 million (starting at the end of last year), 12.24 million small pelicans ( -9%, p.7 selling 0.68 million), and 13.9 million Wilmas (+27%), the new power of car creation was prominent.
Shing, the follow-up is expected to improve on a seasonal basis, with an expected sales volume of 450,000 vehicles, a year-on-year +40 per cent, 1.2 million vehicles, moving into harvest, and breaking through domestic and foreign customers; a high-growth logistics car, passenger vehicle pressure, but a drop in revenue; a new year-on-year-set power for car construction, which began this year, with a sharp start for the ideal one and a second half of the year.
At the start of p7, Wilma continued to grow robustly, with 74,000 vehicles on board q1-3 in Hong Kong, +370 per cent of the year, and households are expected to continue to break through domestic point a and overseas car companies by completing their top orders this year, such as Chiré and a line company abroad.
In the case of commercial vehicles, the growth of logistics vehicles is higher than expected, there are certain pressures on passenger vehicles, and large customers such as the specialized vehicles Mitsubishi, Jiangzu, Chang River, q1-3 and the q1-3 Trans-Change Specialized Vehicle Electrical Unit, 9455, compared to only 2118 in the same period last year, are now in the advanced design stage.
This year, with a significant increase in the same number, we have continued to move past the Top clients to target new products for heavy cards and sanitation, promising to deliver in bulk at the beginning of next year, and a new generation of microsurface products expected to put in bulk into the market next year; the pressure on buses is relatively high, with a large client, Wootungq1-3 selling 7295 vehicles, corresponding to 49.5 per cent, but q3 selling 4007.
Elevator's growth rate has accelerated, Hitchon+bst has accelerated integration, and a global flagship elevator parts company has been created. 2001 electricity billion, plus 82% (with a side effect).
Three entity organizations in the transnational branded elevator market, the overseas elevator market, and the domestic brand elevator market, using management tools such as the unified kpi, have launched the Kaesian manufacturing base, which has shifted operations such as large product lines, door-to-door lines, and so on to the new base. The integration of the two units has accelerated the expansion of the Hong Kong single machine among foreign and multinational customers.
The change was further advanced with the first three core projects, corporate governance (cg), strategy (sm), marketing in October 19
(ltc/mcr) Launched, phased results have been achieved and actively transformed into a new corporate culture, a business approach, a human resources management framework, and so on, especially with respect to cost-side controls, and effective strategic change.
The change dividend is expected to begin in 20 years, with the hope of continuing to optimize corporate competitiveness, organizational efficiency, and cost-effectiveness.
With control capacity, per capita output, etc., 10,000 shares, 36 million shares. The number of people covered is as high as 625, with the addition of 8 overseas operations executives, including ceo fongchiewkhiong and others, showing that overseas layouts are starting to grow.
Longer periods indicate a stronger corporate focus on long-term development. On the evening of October 29, the company announced that it would complete the grant of equity incentives. Cost increases were lower than revenue increases, cost rates were significantly lower than expected, research and development costs for electric vehicles were lower, financial costs were higher, cash flows were more robust, inventory and receivables were higher.
An amount of $89 million. The advance payment of $374 million represents a decrease of $0.05 billion from the beginning of the period. The accounts payable amounted to $3.211 billion.