Quick annual report and a quarterly review: non-interest income is growing faster and the rate of bad continues to decline.
With a revenue of $35.3 billion, a 215 per cent increase in yoy and a net gain of $17.7 billion and a 4.94 per cent increase in yoy. Corporate income growth is largely driven by non-interest-based income, with continued improvement in asset positions, performance overall, low-value valuations, and buy-in.
Realising a net gain of 17.7 billion, or 4.94% for yoy. Performance is largely in line with our expectations. Rapid growth in non-interest income and pressure on interest income: at the end of income, mainly driven by a non-interest income belt, 51.5 billion non-interest income was achieved in 2017, while yoy increased by 15.09%, mainly from investment funds.
Red growth, driven by a decline in net interest differentials and a decrease of 20 per cent in interest income (with one third of the bank liability, cost of 3.71 per cent, an increase of 79bp over the same period, plus deposits, bond financing and a product mix)
This has all risen, while the asset-end rate of return has fallen by 15 bp, with the combined effect that the company ' s net difference fell by 4 bp by the same year in 2017, with a narrow reduction and a recovery from 4 q2017.
102018 recorded an underachievement rate of 1.58 per cent, while yoy fell by 2bp, down by 1bp at the end of the previous year, continuing the downward trend, believing that in the future, as the assets of the company continue to improve, the quality of the assets will continue to be counter-feeding.
(e.g., inspections, mpa appraisals and forthcoming new regulations on the management of assets), at the end of the asset cycle, the end of the bank's assets reduced investments in the accounts receivable category (mainly non-target assets such as trusts and other beneficial rights) and increased the proportion of loans, and at the end of the liability, reduced reliance on peer liabilities,
The share has been declining over the last two years, and has increased savings on its own initiative. It is expected that financial discipline will continue in the future, and that booming banks will continue to reduce non-standard investments and increase lending on their own initiative and, on the other hand, will reduce their dependence on their counterparts.
Up to 30 billion priority shares are proposed to be released to increase capital adequacy: companies publish a good $1 billion in non-public issuance to supplement other levels of capital in the company, and this priority is expected to raise capital adequacy and capital adequacy at the departmental level by 0.69 to 10.36 per cent, 12.88 per cent and capital.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The current ratio of active banking liabilities at the end of the asset liability is still high, at around 30%, but it is hoped that, as companies adjust flexibly, the share of corporate liabilities will continue to decline in the future, with room for regulation under financial supervision.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.