Business data have been steady, and 18 years of business transformation have continued, and the profit increase before Martin 18q1 was set has shifted from negative to positive, and the net difference has gradually stabilized.
The performance improved significantly during the quarter, with a negative shift in profit growth before the provision. The 17-year boom bank achieved a net return profit of 57.2 billion dollars, or 6.22 per cent, compared to the same year, and the profit growth was largely due to a modest contribution from the provision.
With this stability, the net profit on maternity increased by 4.9% over the year, and the ring increased by 3.08pc by 1.54% over the year before the provision, by 7.2pc over the ring by q4, and by three quarters over 16 years.
For the first time since then, there has been a negative shift, with core profitability improving, albeit slightly in absolute terms. The overall improvement at the end of the quarter has led to a positive increase in net interest income from a smooth spread.
Net revenue grew by 0.84 per cent over the same period, with net net revenue and revenue shifting negative for the first time since the third quarter of 2016. Non-interest income increased by 4.37 per cent over the same period, with net revenue from fees and commissions increasing by 2.82 per cent over the same period, and bank card operations are expected to continue to make the largest contribution (17-year report).
In addition, there has been a six-month drop in 2bps, with loan returns falling by 4bps, mainly due to a drop in individual loan returns 13bps: in the lending structure of one loan, there were about 34.7 billion new mortgages and credit cards in the second half of the year.
Receivables increased by 48.7 billion. The combined cost of deposits rose by 7bps, mainly 12bps and 14bps, respectively, for the company ' s fixed-term and individual deposit costs.
The cost of the liability rose by a total of 8bps. Asset end: loans grew steadily, and 17 years of investment-type assets continued to grow significantly between 4.9% and 2.5 trillion dollars.
A significant 9 per cent reduction, in response to the pressure of non-standardized regulation and subjection to liquidity indicators, led to the contraction in 17 years of more than 370 billion corporate assets and $83 billion in trust and other benefits.1801 continued to shrink nearly 28 billion receivables investments, continuously adjusting non-standard sizes for the future.
Banks: The proportion of standardized assets that will be affected by interest increases on banks is or will continue to increase.
As a proportion of total assets, only 2.16 per cent are at the end of the line: the proportion of current deposits has continued to decline and the size of the peer liability has decreased for two consecutive quarters. 17 years of deposits have increased by 14.6 per cent over 16 years, and the rate of increase in deposits is at the top of the equity line.
2. Banking report: The size of deposits has remained generally stable since the change of perspective at close to $3.09 trillion. At the end of March, current deposits accounted for 3.
Measuring that the unexpired size of EBMs declined by 73.8 billion in the fourth quarter, with the difference ring improving and asset quality improving, as compared to the regulatory requirement of less than 33 per cent of the total liability met
The negative balance was 4026.1 billion yuan, an increase of 1,607 million by the end of 17 years. The negative rate of write-offs and transfers was 1.24 per cent for the entire 17-year period.
The 17-year default loan balance has been double-drawn in relation to the percentage. The 17-year overdue loan ratio has been reduced by between 0.07 pc and 3.3%, but the reserve pool is relatively adequate to provide a solid basis for anti-breeding profits.
At the end of the 17-year period, the size of the joint venture was 16.8732 billion yuan, a decline compared with the previous year. 4) The non-target assets were compressed. The 17-year boom banks reduced the share of the joint venture and the $83 billion in trust and other benefits, increasing the proportion of the standardized assets.
The rate of increase in the net return profits of active banks, which fell by 10.9 per cent and 13 per cent, respectively, before they were collected and provided for, the annual rate of increase in the net return profits target shows that management will continue to operate robustly, moving forward with business transformation and a firm determination to implement the development strategy of the Commercial Bank+Investment Bank.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Improved data on the operations of the Employing Bank during the first quarter, with negative shifts in net profit earnings, operating income, and profit on a one-year basis before the provision. The balance and share of overdue loans have been reduced, asset quality has improved steadily, and the provision for raising is relatively sufficient to lay a solid foundation for future profit release.
Because of the higher share of corporate liabilities, the cost of future corporate liabilities will depend on market liquidity; and there will be pressure on the end-of-the-life value of the liabilities when the ratio of current deposits continues to decline.
Figure 1: Bank income and profit growth (millions of yuan)
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board