The company's assessment report for Haekangway (002415), a steady increase in revenue and short-term profit overhang - the third quarter of 2022.
Business income is growing steadily, maintaining high water levels to cope with the uncertainty of the operating environment The company continues to remain stable and stable in the face of external business challenges, while adapting to the ongoing efforts to reduce the impact of external disadvantages, optimize and improve internal management, improve operational efficiency and overall performance
Market value in circulation (million yuan): Three quarters of business income of $22,464 million, an increase of 3.39 per cent over the same period. The company’s inventory continues to maintain a high level of water to address the uncertainty of the operating environment, and the high inventory strategy will boost operations steadily.
By the end of the third quarter, the company’s inventory stood at $19,514 million, and the working days of receivables and payables were largely smooth. In terms of operating cash flows, the higher level of reserves had a greater impact on cash expenditure.
By the end of the third quarter, the operating cash flow of the company was $160 million. Cost inputs were under pressure from the net profit of the mother, the company adjusted its strategy in time to control the pace of expansion.
Compared to the increase in the number of companies, there has been a certain increase in costs, the current pressure on the income side has been greater, and the rate of costs has been assessed in the annual report: Business income has grown steadily and innovation has developed well.
Further staff expansion and corresponding cost increases are expected to slow down. Short-term pressure on domestic ownership and robust growth in overseas and innovative operations over the last three quarters: 1) domestic ownership: pbg is almost the same as in the same period last year, with human services and streets,
“Study by the Société générale d'écurité — Heconway (002415.sz) 2021 — good demand for grass-roots governance operations, including in rural areas, robust growth in traffic management; ebg digitized report points: steady growth in business performance, rising share of innovation”
Negative growth, influenced by the overall downside of residential and commercial property, continued negative growth in intelligent buildings, and relatively good growth in the energy metallurgy sector; poor sales in smgg in July-August, with a large income gap; positive growth resumed in September; negative growth in smbg in the third quarter, with a negative 21 per cent growth in the same quarter.) Overseas operations: three seasons
This represents a 13% increase, with Europe and North America being more affected by inflation, with negative regional growth, and the army having a greater impact on overall overseas operations. Latin America, Asia, etc., continue to grow faster.
Business: The year-on-year increase of 18% is positive overall. In this case, fluorescent smart business is more directly affected by weak demand for consumption and other innovations are growing.
Chang Yu Ting, with its overall advantages in technology, products, and solutions, has a wide range of opportunities to grow. Considering the risk of a new coronary pneumonia epidemic recurring; the need for a digital transformation of the enterprise to release less than expected risks; and the overseas municipalities
Field expansion is not as risky as expected; innovation is not as risky as expected; and industry competition increases the risk.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.