Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 28 October, company reports released on the third quarter of 2022, company operating income realized in the first three quarters, impact of the epidemic and weak market demand environment, company profit short-term pressure.
Against a background of instability, companies have managed to reduce external shocks by optimizing internal management and increasing operational efficiency, and have achieved steady growth in income ends.
Domestic operations as a whole have remained generally stable, with high growth in overseas and innovative operations. Domestic operations have been affected by the epidemic in the last three quarters, with some delays in the landing of projects, while others have become more demanding. Domestic revenues have remained at the same level as in the second quarter.
End-of-life projects, end-of-life projects such as energy metallurgy, have continued to grow at a relatively rapid pace and overall demand has been better; but the decline in estate-related smart construction operations, end-of-course operations, etc., is more pronounced and is expected to recover from the future economic boom.
Growth has been significant, maintaining double-digit growth, mainly as a result of 1) developing regions such as South-East Asia, Latin America and others facing more rapid growth in market demand and low penetration, 2) the innovation industry, which has reported a few reviews: short-term performance pressures.
It's like robotics, auto electronics, and it's high-profile, and it's in the early stages of industrial development, and companies are growing rapidly abroad and in the context of technological strength.
Heaconway reports 21 years of overperformance, cost-containment expenditure, and high inventory to deal with uncertainty. The company has, since mid-year, added further market expectations, led to a new future for smart goods.
Controlling costs is strong, but taking into account the company’s long-term growth, some of the inverse inputs are still being implemented in an orderly manner.
In addition to the uncertainty of supply chains abroad, companies continue to adopt a high-water-level strategy, targeting variable purchases of different raw materials.
With a current stock turnover of 147 days, the company’s cash flow is sufficient to guarantee a smooth flow of business and buy-backs enhance market confidence and the market space from a long perspective. On September 15, the company issued a buy-back perspective on the company’s long-term sound development, defending investors’ interests.
Real business attitude, based on cost rationalization and accelerated landing of government-level operations, q4 is expected to work smoothly, and we expect that the company’s 22-year net profit will still be somewhat resilient. For a long time, we believe that it is based on a firm’s clear positioning and forward-looking intelligence in the field of smart assets.
In the context of the accumulation of technology such as perception, alot, big data, cloud computing, and the organic, domestic and high-quality development orientations of globalized operations, the future market space for companies remains clear, looking at their long-term advantages in the area of intelligence.
The epidemic affects downstream market demand; fluctuations in the cost of upstream raw materials; and technological developments that are less than anticipated. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.