On December 10, the company released a plan to split the subsidiary Haikang's robot into a deep-seated business board.
On December 20, the company’s affiliate’s ipo network was published for the first time and placed on the Internet on a board.
Following the launch of the new 10 articles, vaccination policies were optimized in December.
The State Council issues the Outline of the Strategic Plan for the Expansion of Domestic Demand (2022-2035); on 15th, the National Development and Reform Commission issued the Programme for the Implementation of the 14th Five-Year Strategy for the Expansion of Domestic Demand. The Plan emphasizes the objectives of strengthening domestic demand consumption, playing an investment role, and improving the quality of supply, under which end-b and end-c consumption is expected.
To achieve a degree of recovery flows; to strengthen infrastructure (transport, energy, water, logistics, ecology, livelihoods, information, etc.) is expected to contribute to the resumption of government end-of-life projects; to improve technology, data and factor configuration to accelerate the digital transformation of enterprises; and to raise market opportunities for digital solutions providers
The post-epidemic recovery logic has been strengthened, and end-g and end-b operations have been restored. In the first three quarters, corporate revenue and return net profits have changed by the same percentage + 7.36% and 19.38% respectively, and the fall in profits has been largely due to an outbreak, which has led to delays in the landing of some domestic projects and a tightening of demand for applications in some industries.
Heikang, as a head digitizing company, has a wide downstream layout, with pbg/ebg/smbg in the main business as a percentage of business income, giving an assessment in the eyes of Heikangway: short-term performance pressure.
The security climate index is 142, the ring q2 rises by 12 pct, which is still 27 pct below last year, and the growth of overseas and innovative business is fast.
Transition to video network management. (2) End-of-cycle projects cover energy, real estate, finance, education, business and industry. 21-year report reviews: high performance, energy landscape, energy metallurgical, etc.
The market expects business, education, etc., to recover from changes in policy dynamics in the new future.
Corporate performance is strong, the digital lead is clear, and innovation is gradually coming to the market. That is, the ability to own, ebg is forming a second growth curve, and this year, the country’s economic environment is challenging, and geopolitical factors abroad are uncertain.
Companies continue to demonstrate strong performance resilience by adjusting downstream demand orders to upstream supply chain management, controlling costs and spending flexibly, and achieving more stable revenue growth. As head intelligence network companies, companies accumulate a wealth of perception data, a solid base for bottom platforms, and reusable groups.
Based on this foundation, companies expand their overseas operations to accelerate their deployment in developing countries at the main end of the industry; many innovations are hatched at the end of the new product, and now the network of innovation affiliates is on the market, and the Heikang robots are on the list.
The city plan, which is scheduled to be completed next year, is a two-way operation driven by smart home + cloud platform, with excellent integration alot capabilities, and the first independent split company in Haikang, which covers both owners of smart home + cloud platform services.
Industry, including clients at the end of c (intelligent household business, 87 per cent of income in 21 years) and end B (Yunping, increasing at a combined rate of over 40 per cent). (1) At the end of the business, the company has completed the construction of a family of “finderstones” branded smart products, including smart home cameras, smart homes, smart controls, smart uniforms.
For products such as robotics, pets, etc., the share of smart home cameras in the market has reached 18% in 21 years, and products such as smart door locks are in the lead. In addition, after a one-time intake of hardware products, companies use fluorescent networking cloud platforms or algorithm stores to achieve sustainable technology value-added services.
Revenue, combined up to 48 per cent in 2018-2021. (2) On the b end of business, the company uses third-party equipment to provide open platform services on the Paas floor, access to equipment, support for transportation, and revenue from the sale of api, sdk, saas components.
This break-up will help the parent company and the subsidiary to better understand their respective strengths, build up a stand-alone brand, use their hardware-end and platform-end features, and use the secondary market to enhance their investment-financing activities. The fluorescent business was first hatched from within the Haikang, and it was built on the vast hardware-product capacity of the seacomb.
In the future, companies will further strengthen their channels, brands, platform capabilities, visualization and ai capabilities.
The Haikang robot: The leading domestic machine vision and mobile robot provider is the domestic lead machine vision and mobile robot software provider for hardware products and algorithms.
Conway has a 60% stake and a 40% stake in the Gazprom platform. (1) Machine visual business, the technology product has been expanded from 2d visual to 3d visual. Three product lines - 2d visual product line, smart id product line, 3d visual product line, and soft with vm algorithms
The platform is a core incubation visual application ecology that develops applications for the debris-based industrial landscape. (2) Mobile robotic business ends have formed four major types of robotic product lines — lurking, moving, forklifting, material case and two major software platforms rcs, smart storage system iws.
Based on the hardware and data capabilities of the parent company, the Qan robot has developed its own unique arithmetic services, human interaction, data integration, etc. and has achieved multi-sector coverage. In 2019-2021, the net profits of the Seacom robots were 0.45/065/482 million yuan, respectively, at a rapid rate.
Performance increases, benefiting on the one hand from outstanding technological, customer, brand advantages. Seacom robots, technological advantages in the areas of visual positioning navigation, laserslam positioning navigation, barrier sensing, visual imaging techniques, complex data processing, algorithm optimization, etc., are developed for many years.
The advantages of customers such as cars, new energy, semiconductors, etc., are recognized by a multi-industry, multi-client; they are home-grown, leading machine visuals and agv robots. On the other hand, machine vision and agv robots have a wide market space for downstream applications.
The data predict that the size of the global machine visual market will exceed 120 billion yuan by 2025; ggii predicts that the size of our machine visual market will reach 46.9 billion yuan by 2025; and ggii predicts that the global mobile robot market will reach 76.6 billion yuan by 2025, with a composite growth rate of nearly 40 per cent.
This breakup responds to the national capital market reform policy, the prospect of obtaining second-tier market financing when the Heicon robot is on the market, guarantees investment in machine visualization and mobile robotics, upgrades the firm's position in the field of intelligent association, and has a forward-looking intellectual sense, alot, large numbers.
According to, cloud computing and other technologies, the future market space for companies is clear in the context of the emergence of organic, high-quality domestic development in the face of globalization. We believe that 22 years of corporate performance will remain resilient, 23 years of business recovery and innovative business growth, and long-term fundamental advantages.
The project has fallen short of expectations, geopolitical implications, and technological advances have fallen short of expectations. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are from open market information. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.