The Heikang robot is about to be marketed, and the fluorescent network has completed the registration of the project.
Electronics: other electronics: huhui2@guosen.com.cn News: (1) December 10th, announcement to dismantle the molecule company Hackang Robotics Co. Ltd. to the entrepreneurship panel
This break-up has helped the Haikang robots to focus their operations and provide financial security for their research and development inputs to upgrade their manufacturing and technological capabilities in the field of machine vision and mobile robots. (2) The subsidiary fluorescent network has been registered as a science start-up board, and on December 13, it will start with an initial inquiry.
On the basis of this, robots, fluorescent networks have gradually developed into stand-alone pieces of innovation for their representatives, giving new impetus to the growth of companies. As industrial automation brings with it the continuing need for machine vision and mobile robots, intelligent homes based on conglomerate technologies have accelerated penetration in the sea.
Robots and fluorescence networks are expected to grow fast. We see the ability of companies to combine soft and hard intelligence solutions and, on this basis, the proposed dismantling of molecules, Heicon robots, to be marketed on the business board, which is conducive to the independent development of Heicon robotic technology and operations. The Heicon Robot Camp operations are hardware products and algorithm software platforms for machine visual and mobile robots.
In the area of machine visualization and mobile robotic operations, people are working deep on intelligent manufacturing products and technologies, and are improving their user performances through software and hardware products and platform technology and delivery processes. In 19-21, seacom robots increased their business income at a combined rate of 71.5 per cent and net profit at a mother rate of 225.6 per cent, rising from $21.55 billion to $76.65 billion in 25 years. With industrial automation, machine visual systems are capable of satisfying object detection, enhanced analysis, and enhanced analysis.
The global machine visual market will increase from $80.4 billion in 21 years to $120 billion, or more than 12% in compound growth. As the intra-firm supply chain moves to an efficient and intelligent location, the demand for mobile robotics for moving the scene increases, the global mobile robot (agv) market is expected to grow from $21.55 billion in 2121 to $76.65 billion in 2525: China will be the main market.
From $7,812 million in 21 years to $26,850 million, seacom robots have the highest market share in the core areas of machine vision and mobile robots. According to ggii, seacom robots are guided by visual positioning, laserslam positioning navigation, barrier sensing, visual imaging technology, complex data processing, algorithm optimization, etc.
In 19-21, in the field of machine visualization and mobile robotics, it was at the top of the overall business scale of national producers.
At the heart of this is the creation of smart home products in the form of visual interaction, the ability of users through value-added services and open-ai algorithms on the Flystone Cloud platform, and, for industry clients, the Flystone Network can help them to advance their intellectual transformation through open platforms and assist them in developing face-to-face solutions to complex scenarios.
From 18 to 21, the compound rate of growth in the fluorescent network was 40.5%. The compound rate of increase in the non-mortality net profit was 50.5%. From 18 to 21 years, the net non-mortality net income increased from $1.530 billion to $4.24 billion, and the net non-mortality net profit increased from $120 million to $450 million. The company’s four product systems are smart-makers, smart-to-house, smart-control, smart-service robots, with smart-to-camera cameras accounting for nearly 70% of the total, and the high-Mori Business Cloud platform.
The value of corporate business is expected to rise as the smart-house industry moves from monolithic intelligence to monomer connectivity to system intelligence development. As of 1h22, the number of fluorescent cloud platforms connected to iot equipment exceeded 182 million and the fluorescent cloud platform was driven by the need for intelligent applications.
With industrial automation, home intelligence, and the promise of high growth in the innovative business represented by Heicon robots and fluorescent networks, we look forward to the company’s ability to work with a combination of soft and hard intelligence packages and to an extended space for innovation growth based on this foundation, which is expected to take place in 22-24 years.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, independence, objectivity and impartiality are sought from any third party ' s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.