Under macroeconomic pressure, the cost of control is already beginning to work, domestic operations are under short-term pressure and overseas operations are polarized. The country’s main business is affected by three quarters of epidemic control \triangleright
Largely, some of the projects were delayed, with a breakdown of operations: 1) pbg is almost equal, the demand for human services is better than the demand for grass-roots governance, such as street roads and villages, and traffic management is growing robustly; 2) ebg digit negative growth, the real estate industry continues to project negative growth to intelligent buildings, and the energy metallurgy sector is growing better; 3)
After a poor sales performance in July-August, smbg recovered positive growth in September, with three quarters of smbg revenue s01052111003 having a greater impact and negative regional growth, while Latin America and Asia, among others, continued to grow faster.
In the third quarter of the year, income from innovation grew by 18% over the same period, and the overall growth was good. In this case, the Haikang Sages (002415.sz) reported in mid-2022:
Operations are more directly affected by weak consumer demand, while other innovative operations are growing, with short-term performance pressures and a steady drop in the start-up cost of innovative operations, with an improved cost margin.
The annual Haiconway (002415.sz) report & a quarterly review: Performances are largely in line with expectations, Smart Group built robustly with a sales cost of 11.90 per cent (a decline of 0.29 pct from year to year) and a management cost of 3.24 per cent (a rise from year to year)
3. Heiconway Rapid Performance Review: Industry has controlled further expansion, will not expand until there is a significant improvement in the economy, and will meet expectations, with urban and rural digital new capital core beneficiaries-20
The corresponding cost margins are expected to improve. Investment proposal: The company is currently a global technology giant, adapting to alot \triangleright through proactive structural change.
Companies with age-fragmented characteristics will take the lead in reaping the dividends of innovative business in many contexts of the age of intelligence, and will continue to suffer from an epidemic and anti-globalization trend, with some repression caused by sea visions covering more than 150 countries and territories, and with adjusted profit projections, the company is expected to return to its mother ' s net profit in 2022-2024.
Risks; market developments for new products are not as expected; market failures are not as expected; methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.