Performance met expectations, sports shoes grew robustly, and the growth of the Wally Group (300979.sz) met expectations, corporate supply chain dominance emerged and profitability increased rapidly.
\triangleright Global Campaign demand is growing rapidly, and companies are benefiting from their performance as supply chain leaders.
Epidemiological experience in disease prevention and control, rapid vaccinations, and a recovery in the consumption of sports shoes are growing faster. But the supply side is relatively affected by the epidemic, and companies, as industry leaders, have such advantages as product development, rapid response, productive production, expansion of production capacity, efficiency gains, and faster income and profit growth.
According to a survey, 2021q4 companies achieved a net gain of $6.33 to 915 million, an increase of 12.82 per cent to 63.08 per cent, Lei Quan, improved vaccination patterns in Viet Nam, and continued expansion of the company ' s production capacity. The company ' s sports shoe production was distributed more widely.
In the northeast, Viet Nam now has a high vaccination coverage rate for the new crown, and immunization policies have been adjusted to promote the resumption of work at the plant and economic growth. Companies are actively implementing strict immunization measures, with high attendance rates at the level of water and less affected by local epidemics.
We continue to build factories in Viet Nam, Indonesia, Myanmar, and upgrade production capacity to meet customers’ needs. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we maintain the company’s 2021-2023 ps forecast for long-term growth of the service track, and the firm and long-lasting company as industry leader and international head brand.
The partnership, which was largely determined by the growth of brand orders and the expansion of production capacity in 2022, the firm’s performance has grown with certainty, long-term development space, and a “buy-in” rating has been maintained. Risk factors: more concentrated production areas, rising labour costs, and the spread of the new Vietnamese crown pneumonia epidemic
\triangleright 2021.8
Q3 Growth Speed, Booby Shoes Top, Highlights: 2021.10 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Li Xiao, Master of Finance, University of Gangan, four-year experience in the consumer goods industry, joined the Sunda securities industry in 2020 for the textile light industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.