Wally Group (300.979): slightly ahead of schedule, client optimization and output release resonance
Sold, the world's leading professional shoe manufacturer, mainly to develop design and manufacturing services for global renowned sports brands such as nike, converse, vans, puma, and ug.
The company’s performance in the four quarters of the year has remained high, with slightly higher expectations throughout the year. The company’s large clients in Viet Nam, China, Dominica, Myanmar, etc. have grown well and its client structure has continued to optimize.
Twenty shoe factories were opened, a modest global increase of 23 per cent (United States dollar income growth rate of 32 per cent), full of four-quarter orders and expected to sustain at least 100 million pairs of professional shoe manufacturers.
In the first three quarters, the top five clients accounted for 93%, a further increase. New power brands in the area of Nike and deeckers sneakers, such as onrunning, hokaoneone and the company's collaboration, debt payments and cross-share presentations:
The company has high-quality production capacity, is more proactive in choosing cooperative brands, and the attributes of future growth with excellent customers are clear. The new plant is ready for production in 22 years, and the output is growing.
Factories, three new plants in 21 years are climbing, while the company has taken orders from the epidemic zone in 21 years, with a relatively saturated capacity utilization rate. In 2022, the company’s plant in Indonesia is expected to be operational, and there are new plant plans in Viet Nam. Next year’s capacity growth is expected to continue at around 20%.
At the same time, the company has accumulated a wealth of experience with different land-building plants, and will have sufficient reserves for future new production. The share of high-quality customers represented by nike has increased markedly in the year, with the top five clients rising by 2021.
The client structure has led to a two-fold increase in income and profitability. Investment proposal: We believe that the company’s future performance is more certain at this stage, and that the current valuation has returned to a safe zone.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the Wally Group (300.979): slightly over-expected performance, client optimization and productive capacity unleashing a resonance in the East.
Liu Tanda, Changko Kit, research assistant brief.
Shen Chong Lian is the researcher. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Wally Group (300979): slightly over-expected performance, client optimization and productive energy release resonance.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.