Le Wu Xiao Wan Wally Group (300979) Performance forecast for 2021: Production and sale of double + high-profit water
The top five clients in the first three quarters of 2021 were Nike, Deeckers, vf, Puma, and ua.
In addition to existing head-clients, companies, with a wealth of surrogate experience, product quality and delivery capacity, have advanced their brand-new collaborations, with orders as of 2021h1, onrunning and asics, and newballances, which are expected to continue to grow steadily in the future.
In terms of production capacity, there were 21 shoe factories in Viet Nam, China, Dominica, Myanmar, and more than 90 billion pairs of shoes.
They expect more than 200 million pairs of company capacity in 2021. 2) In terms of capacity utilization, Vietnamese factories are located mainly in the north, workers ' attendance in 2021 is less affected, and we expect capacity utilization and orders delivery are less affected. 3) In terms of sales, combined capacity expansion + capacity utilization
• Client resource quality plus scale has increased and profit-making has led by peers. Māori in the first three quarters of 2021 is higher than peers (the Māori ratio in the first three quarters of 2021 was +31%, and high nike and deeckers orders, respectively)
The expansion of capacity offers a large advantage, and future high levels of profitability are expected to be sustained.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies are the world’s leading professional shoe manufacturers, and orders are stable 2021h1 points: US dollar revenues are equal
The concentration and customer resource barriers are deep, and it is expected to continue to benefit from increased concentration in the surrogate industry in the future. Compared to +29%, Nike and deeckers orders were better placed in 2021 to expand capacity, increase capacity utilization, and expand new clients.
High Growth, Growing Profitability: Manufacturing, World Manufacturing, Booby Shoe Manufacturing, Growing Dragons, 2021-05-05.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board