Incidents: The company issued a fast-track performance report for 2021, which achieved revenue of $17,470 million during the reporting period, a net gain of $771 million for the Wally Group (300,979.sz), an increase of 37.39 per cent and an increase of 2021q3 over the reporting period.
The company's clients' orders are growing fast, pushing income performance. Global epidemic control continued in 2021, company factories were more stringent in their control, and production was less affected by the epidemic, with capacity.
Keeps growing steadily. Companies move forward with high-quality large-client business strategies, leading customers' incomes have increased substantially the same time, and new customers’ orders, asics, asruning, newballance, etc., have already achieved their output, Lee.
The company optimizes its product, customer structure, promotes automated production, improves production efficiency, and the Māori rate contributes to a higher net gain than the same increase.
Client orders have been growing and companies have continued to expand their production capacity. The company's sports shoe production is mainly spread in the north-south of Viet Nam, where Vietnam has now adjusted its quarantine policy to “collaborate with the virus” and no longer pursues a strict policy of segregation, where the company's factory in Viet Nam is operating normally, and where the output and delivery of orders has increased steadily.
Due to the high demand for global sports shoes and the rapid growth of corporate downstream client orders, orders for 2022 have been largely finalized, new factories such as those in Viet Nam and Indonesia are expected to start operating, and factories in Myanmar will be built according to local patterns to meet downstream customer needs.
We look forward to the long-term growth of the track to sneakers, the company's dominant position as a leader in the supply chain, a strong and sustained partnership with the international head brand and a growing number of brands.
Clients, with a high degree of certainty about performance growth, long-term development space, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: more concentrated production areas, rising labour costs, an epidemic of neo-crowd pneumonia in Viet Nam
Q3 Income Growth Speed, Steam Shoe Dragons, Top of the Top, 2021.10 Sindh Securities Inc.
Li Xiao, Master of Finance, University of Gangan, four-year experience in the consumer goods industry, joined the Sunda securities industry in 2020 for the textile light industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.