Wally Group (300979.sz) Clients, products, efficiency optimization, 47% performance growth in 2021 year-round.
Textile apparel, textile manufacturing, butthopaedic view of the nation: 1) Significant growth in performance of 47% over the year 2021 and strong growth of 37% in the four quarters alone; 2) strong downstream demand, production
In the future, as new productions climb, core brand shares continue to rise, looking at the company’s growth potential and high-quality return on investment. Because of the company’s high downstream demand and positive expansion of output, we have a small upward profit forecast.
The epidemic has been repeated, downstream demand has fallen short of expectations, market systemic risks, and international political and economic risks. Billions of dollars, 25.4% more than year-on-year (34.1% more than year-on-year after the impact of exchange rate movements has been eliminated); companies have experienced a larger increase in their income from major clients, while companies’ orders from new customers asics, onon, and newballance have already produced their output.
The increase of 47.2 per cent over the same year (57.6 per cent over the same year after excluding the effect of exchange rate movements); mainly due to the company's continued pursuit of a high-quality customer business strategy to optimize the client and product structure, while actively promoting automation and lean production and improving productivity efficiency, the Māori rate has increased more than last year, resulting in a higher growth in net profits than in operating income.
In the fourth quarter alone, income/performance increased by 34 per cent and 37 per cent, respectively, an acceleration in the ring ratio. The company earned $4.84 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012, an increase of 33.5 per cent and an increase of 2.0p.p. faster than the increase in the third quarter of 2021; the net profit from maternity was $770 million, an increase of 37.4 per cent.
Downstream demand was strong, with the growth in the top international brand clients ' orders in the first three quarters of 2021 driving up revenue/performance in the first three quarters to $4.43 billion in the previous three quarters, or 38.1 per cent, or 35.0 per cent, in the previous three quarters of the same year; and 2) Deckers revenue in the first three quarters was $2.75 billion, or 45.9 per cent, in the same quarter, or 21.7 per cent;
3) The income of vf in the first three quarters was $2.45 billion, an increase of 1.3 per cent, or 19.4 per cent; 4) Puma income in the first three quarters was $1.4 billion, an increase of 14.5 per cent, or 11.1 per cent; 5)underarmour income in the first three quarters was $730 million, an increase of 56.8 per cent, or 5.8 per cent.
(The above revenue increases include the negative impact of the exchange rate around 10 p.p.) The demand of downstream customers is strong, companies are actively expanding and are expected to maintain faster growth in production in the medium term. Corporate orders are growing rapidly, orders from large clients such as Nike, Deckers, and new customers asics, on, and newballances are growing in volume and are expected to hold.
In order to cope with the growth of the orders, the company actively expands and optimizes its capacity. Viet Nam, Wei Yuanshan, Viet Nam, and Viet Nam Honghing (design capacity of 1 million bingo/month) established from 2019 to 2020 are now operational, with some room for productive release expected in 2022. In addition, the company will purchase existing plants in Viet Nam, expand production lines in the company’s original plant, and promote the construction of factories in Indonesia in an orderly manner.
Investment proposals: perform well... watch firm ' s medium-term growth certainty, high-quality, rapid growth in 2021, strong business and strong competitive edges.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author