Super-expected performance with a steady rise in the tight share of the sports brand supply chain.
. ..by 2021, the performance was higher than expected, as a result of the continued rise in the tight share of the supply chain and the maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. The market had previously expected that the company, mainly the Vietnamese factory, had excellent vaccinations and had no impact on its capacity. In the context of the shortage of sporting brands, the shortage of supply chains and the continued recovery of demand for and consumption of sports shoes, the company released its capacity and its camp.
Increased transport efficiency, taking advantage of opportunities to expand shares, achieve faster growth in operating income, a higher Maori rate, a sustained recovery in global movement demand and consumption of sneakers, and a strong demand for orders, with a sustained recovery in global campaign demand and consumption of sneakers since 2021, continued growth in core client orders.
By 31 August 2021, the first three quarters of Nike ' s global income had increased by -2 per cent and 88 per cent per cent per year. By 10 September 2021, the income of deckersfy2022q2 had increased by 23 per cent as compared with the income of vf groupffy202q2. As of 30 September 2021, the income of Puma had increased by 23 per cent.
With the exception of Nike, where the company is already the largest supplier to all clients, the share of nike is rising steadily, and orders from nike are growing faster than nike.
In terms of the company’s future customer development strategy, the company would have to raise both its share and its new clients. The company’s new clients (nb, Arthur, or) in 2021 wanted more in 2022.
High-quality growth, with the share of large clients increasing as compared to the steady increase in production capacity, and the market share increasing as scheduled.
Three of the completed Vietnamese factories started operating in 2021h1 and in 2022 new plants were mainly concentrated in printing " Corporate Update Report - Vietnam Outbreak and New Nie " , which is currently in the process of acquiring land and building new plants for approximately 2-6 months and capital for about 8-10 months.
In the long run, the situation in the border cotton is not changing, and the market is growing, and the productive capacity is releasing future growth in performance.