The light module tap takes advantage of the opportunity and the multiplicity of advantages is growing steadily - the first coverage report by Mid-Station (300308.sz)
The development, design, encapsulation, testing and sale of the high-end optical communication module by ICL is a professional provider of high-speed light module solutions. 2022q1 achieved an operating income of 2,089 million yuan, representing a growth rate of 41.91 per cent and a net profit for the mother of 217 million yuan.
With the gradual landing of the East-West strategy, corporate performance will continue to increase at a high rate. Over-expected overseas demand across the country, domestic producers responding to development opportunities. Capital spending by North American cloud service providers continued to be scaled up and demand increased beyond expectations. q1, North America, 2022
Top4 cloud producers (Google, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft) increased capital spending at an average rate of 33% and demand in overseas markets exceeded expectations. National producers of luminous modules continued to grow in global markets and markets.
As future market demand expands, the market size and market share of domestic light-module manufacturers will increase further, opening up new development opportunities. Laser radar has arrived, and light-module-manufacturer operations are extended.
China ' s laser radar market is expected to reach $4.31 billion in size by 2025, achieving an average annual compound growth rate of 63.1 per cent compared to 2019, of which the vehicle-mounted area, namely, unmanned and advanced auxiliary driving, is the main component. The laser radar optical component is similar to the light module technology.
The light module manufacturer can choose to co-operate with a laser radar company, Yang.
The company is the world's leading provider of light-module solutions and has been in the vanguard of the industry for 30 years, and will continue to be active in the light-module market as the construction of 5g and the construction of idc continues.
In addition, with increased penetration and market size, laser radar operations are expected to become the industry Internet industry for public concern companies for many years, leading the technology and giving a certain value premium. For the first time, overseas market demand has fallen short of expectations, product delivery has fallen short of expectations, upstream material prices have fluctuated, and exchange rates have fluctuated.
1. The bottom of the light module is deep, and the company is performing well, with more than 1.130 loads ahead, and with a strong core in the creative industry.
IMW was founded in 1987. The intermediatic intelligence focus, the “Electrometer Subscrewing Equipment” project, was identified in 1993 as the “Santang Province High Technology Enterprise” and was designated by the Ministry of Science and Technology as the “Nate” in 2000.
High-tech companies, which received a number of prizes for technological progress, were established in 2008 by the Innovation Technology Company Ltd. In 2012, the Shandong Intermediate Electrical Equipment Company Ltd. was placed on the market at the deep end of the contract. In 2017, the equipment was paralleled by the restructuring of the assets of Xinjiang in Suzhou and renamed the middle-class invention, high-end light module and smart equipment industry.
In 2020, the interstellar revenues were purchased into Tuhan Technology Co. Ltd. to expand the market for telecommunication light modules.Figure 1: More than 30 people are on the road, and the firm has a strong bottom. The company's current main business is the high-end optical communication reception module and the development, production and sale of optical devices.
The company is constantly pursuing high-speed, miniaturized, low-capacity and low-cost production, providing 100g, 200g, 400g to cloud data centre customers.
And 800g high-speed light modules, which provide front, center and backlight modules to telecom providers. The company has a more competitive advantage in automated production platforms, self-employment, and vertical integration of product lines from chip encapsulation to optical appliances to PV modules.
Autonomous R & D and engineering applications of dynamic equipment are more mature, automated technology is more advanced in the country, corporate business models are mature, and the strategy is flexible, “to sell” products. The light communication module is a non-end product, mainly for downstream customers, so the production model is mainly “to sell” and the production plan is adjusted according to the customer's order.
As a whole, the company's ability to obtain orders is an important factor in its profitability. In sales patterns, high-end light communications.
This has led to a more mature business model that lays the foundation for the long-term stable development of the company. 1.2 Corporate equity is clear and stable, interest-related and corporate stability is maintained. Corporate equity structure is clear, real owners are Wang Weishu, and shares 14.13% are held directly and indirectly. Wang Weshu is high.
Senior Engineers, Senior Specialists in the Chinese Mechanical Manufacturing Industries, etc., have been Chairman of the Intermediary Equipment Board since October 2010 and have extensive technical expertise and management experience in the field of advanced farming. Liu, President of the company, is an innovative entrepreneur in Jiangsu province, and the 10 leading expatriates in Jiangsu province. He has been a Chinese research and development student in the United States of America.
Head of Heart, Senior Manager, Opnextinc. Product Research and Development, USA, Founder, Director and President, Soshio Technologies Ltd., Suzhou, May-June 2017. President and Director, Middle and Soogen, August 2017. Google Capital, 2014 (googlecapitallimited) was in stock until the end of 2021.
Google’s capital held 1.57% of the mid-course share. In 2021, the company completed a targeted increase, raising 2,699 million yuan in mobile investments to China, and Guangzhou’s investment in Heung Jian, up to 2022q1, with 2.01% of China’s mobile holdings. Google and China’s move to share companies as both customers and shareholders is an important guarantee of firm stability and market share.
Figure 2: The high-speed light communication module, which remains the main growth point for the top 10 shareholders and controlling subsidiaries (as of 31 March 2022), is expected to continue with high performance growth Recovering rapid growth in both corporate head office receipts and net homecoming profits. In 2017, middle-end income was 23.57.
The annual net return of the company to the mother was $162 million, the annual return to the mother was $877 million, or 1.33 per cent at the same rate in 2021, with a higher impact, as well as the negative impact of changes in the exchange rate of the United States dollar and higher prices of upstream raw materials. 2022q1 achieved operating income of $2,089 million, an increase of 41.91 per cent, and the return to the mother was 217 million.
By the dollar, 63.38% more than year-on-year, performance is returning to rapid growth as the epidemic eases, upstream chip prices fall, and the dollar rises. It is expected that corporate performance will continue to grow at a high rate as market demand continues to be released abroad and the domestic “East-West” strategy is falling.
The rise is mainly related to the company’s 400g light module’s increase in Maori rates. The company’s overall three-year fee dropped significantly in 2017 as a result of a major push factor in the decline in the three-year fee rate.
The high-end communications module remains the main growth point and the Māori rate has remained largely stable. The company’s main operations by industry include high-end communications module operations, electrical and mechanical equipment manufacturing operations, and access to light modules and components.
This compares to 94.36 per cent, with revenue of $7.261 billion, which remains the main growth point for major companies. The base point for company growth in 2017. The Māori rate for electrical and mechanical equipment manufacturing and access to light modules and light components is clear. Figure 7: High-end communications is still the main growth point.
Figure 8: Māori rate of high-end communications module operations in 2021: 26.26%
In 2021, the liquidity ratio was 3.17 and the speed ratio increased significantly. In 2021, the net cash flow of the company's operations was $813 million, followed by a higher rate of growth. In the production model of “cut-off” production, the company's stock was working at a shorter pace and with excellent operating capacity.
Higher levels of solvency and operating capacity guarantee firm stability in terms of cash flows. 2. Over-expected demand across the entire spectrum, 5g and idc construction has resulted in market increment of 2.1 light communications core devices and rapid expansion of the domestic market.
Photo-optic communication is the overall name of the communication technology that uses fibre-optics as the main medium for the transmission of information to users. It includes fibre-optic cables, optical devices/optic modules, optical primary equipment, and network services such as the planning, construction and optimization of optical networks, especially in today's numbers, for use in the construction of the operator's telecommunications network and enterprise-level digital connectivity.
In the context of the explosive growth in volume, the bandwidth and speed of communications network transmission is extremely high, with 10g, 40g, 100g, or even 400g speeds being consistently raised at ultranet standards, and fibre-optic access being the fastest growing broadband access technology in the last few years. According to Saidi's consultants, it is initially estimated that China's optical communications market will remain 12% in size.
The light module is a photoelectronic device for PV and PV conversion in PV and is a central part of the PV industry. The luminous module has been in the mainstream of the gbic wrapping mode until 2000, to a smaller sfp cover mode.
And now, the advanced qsfp-dd and osfp envelopes are generally moving towards higher rates, smaller sizes, heat-plug-up, with major applications including the Ethernet, cwdm/dwdm, connectors, fiber Channel, wire and wireless access, segmenting the landscape coverage market and telecommunications market.
The light module industry chain consists of upstream photochips, optical devices, etc., medium-trip light module manufacturers and downstream equipment manufacturers, carriers, etc. Upper light modules include photochips, optical devices, electrochips, etc. There are more suppliers in the lightware industry, but high-end optical devices are still provided mainly by foreign suppliers. Downstreams of the light module industry include mainly telecommunications operations.
Businesses, Internet and cloud computing companies, etc., the areas of operation of light module products cover Internet services, telecommunications markets, etc. Figure 12: The light module industrial chain consists of upstream photochips, optical devices, medium-swap module manufacturers and downstream equipment providers, operators, etc. The size of the light module market is growing and the market share of China's light module manufacturers is expanding rapidly.
Economic development, with a number of technology giants marching into the meta-cosm industry, the light module, as an important part of data transmission, is the indispensable technology base of the meta-cosm. The future will accelerate the pace of data centre construction and the light module market, as intelligent drivers, networking, ar/vr, and so on, bring about accelerated growth in the volume of demand and data flows.
In addition, Chinese lightware and light module manufacturers in the global market figure 13: Light module market size will grow by 14% cagr over the next five years and are expected to reach $17.6 billion in 2026.
Figure 14: The market share of Chinese suppliers increased from 15% in 2010 to a larger market push for light modules/lightware than for other industry segments. Future increases as data flows accelerate, including Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook, Ali, Tseng, 100 degrees, etc. Internet companies worldwide
New data centres are being built on a wide scale to meet this challenge, and market growth will be significant. The demand for light modules/lightware is much greater in the city than in other industry segments, and high-end modules of over 100 g/200g will rise, with market structures rising year by year.
Figure 15: The share of the market structure of the light module is expected to increase by 2.2 per year in terms of policies that guarantee industry development and promote industrial change
The core components are the new infrastructure, the information network, and the infrastructure for upgrading. Fibre-optic communications, the new infrastructure, and the broadband network industry are the basic, strategic and pioneering industries that underpin economic and social development. In recent years, the country has been intensively developing a series of development policies and plans.
This is the first industrial technology development road map in the field of optical and electronic devices in the country. The 14th Five-Year National Informatization Plan, published on December 28, 2021, proposes a shift from fibre-optic to fibre-optic.
That is, building on fttb (Ten-Mega-era Fibre-to-Building) and ftth (Mega-Year Fibre-to-House) and further deriving fibre fabrics into each room, so that each room can reach a gigabytes of fibre-optic grid speed and achieve a new home-wide wifi 6-mega-wide network program, the realization of which is equally dependent on the constant transformation of light module products.
2.35 g and idc build-up light-publishing module requirements, which are expected to result in an incremental market of 2.3.15 g build-up-publishing domestic telecommunication light module requirements 5g will drive the demand for light communication upwards and facilitate the upgrading of the light module industry. 5g introduce bandwidth and low-time applications.
The need for architecture, bandwidth, time span, synchronisation, etc. of the network has changed considerably, and as the 5g build-up continues and the 5g application landscape continues to expand, greater transmission capacity and faster transmission rates are needed to sustain it, leading to an increase in the performance and demand for lightware and light module products.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, the total number of mobile base stations nationwide in 2021 was 9.96 million, representing a net increase of 650,000 throughout the year. Of these, 5g base stations reached 5.9 million, 5g base stations reached a net increase of 81,000 by the end of the new year. Of these, 5g base stations accounted for 15.5 per cent of the total number of mobile base stations.
This represents an increase of 1.2 percentage points in comparison with the end of the previous year. Of these, 134,000 new 5g base stations were built in the first quarter. The second quarter was affected or slowed, and the construction of 5g base stations in the country was expected to accelerate in the second half of the year.
A total of approximately 87.9 billion yuan was invested in 5g a year and about 76.9 billion yuan in 5g from 2019-2021. Operators’ capital expenditures directly contribute to the sale of the main equipment, transmission network equipment, and upstream components, which will have a direct impact on the economy.
Figure 17: Three major operators continue to add capital to the code, 2.2.2 data centre construction accelerates, and market demand remains strong. The light module is an important link in the data centre idc (internetdatacenter) light communication network.
As connectivity depends on light communication, which is essential in the light communication network, the data centre transmits the transmission function without the involvement of the transmission module, which is critical in the data centre. With the emergence of new applications, there is a higher demand for data processing, cloud storage, etc., and the promotion of the data centre.
Demand surges. In 2020, the data centres in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen had 350,000, 450,000, 400,000, 87,000, 91,000 and 106,000 gaps, and in the face of the relative shortage of resources at the centre, the infrastructure of the data centre was urgently needed, and the construction and upgrading of idc would be facilitated.
Global data centres have grown steadily in size. The global digital economy's contribution to the economy has continued to increase in recent years, with high demand for data storage, analysis and processing, driving the rapid development of the global data centre market, the global data centre.
According to ICSID data, the global data centre market reached $74.65 billion in 2022, an increase of 9.90 per cent over the same period, and is expected to remain at around 10 per cent in the coming years. Moreover, according to counterpoint data, global server market revenues will grow by 17 per cent in 2022, up to 17 per cent over the same period.
By $111.7 billion, it is expected to contribute to steady growth in the size of the data centre in the coming years. Capital spending by North American cloud service providers has continued to increase with over-expected growth in demand. In 2021, facebook marched into the universe, and in 2021, there was a marked increase in capital spending by North American cloud service providers.
Commercial (Google, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft) capital spending has increased at an average rate of 33% and overseas market demand is higher than expected. The light module, which is the foundation of the meta-cosm industry, will grow steadily in size of the domestic idc industry as capital spending continues to be added to downstream firms.
According to data from the Information and Communications Development Division of the Ministry of Information and Communications Technology, the size of our data centre hangs steadily up in recent years, with more than 30% in the last five years. Among these, the size of the larger data centre hangars is growing faster.
In February 2022, the National Development Reform Commission, the Network Office, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the Department of Energy and the Department of Energy issued a joint circular.
The construction of the national arithmetic hub nodes has been launched in eight locations, including Kyouta, Long Triangle, Huttao Bay, Sung-kyung, Inner Mongolia, Guizhou, Gansu, Ningxia, and the official launch of the 10 national data centre cluster East and West Count project has been planned. Currently, the data centre in the western part of the country has a low occupancy rate, with the official launch of the East and West Count project.
Data centres in the country, especially in the west, will grow rapidly. Meanwhile, domestic cloud computing firms are investing in a continuous build-up, Ali plans to invest $200 billion in cloud computing over the next three years, Teng is planning to invest $500 billion in cloud computing over the next five years, and cloud producers even build their own idcs to provide high-level clouds for downstream customers by increasing their investment effort.
In order to effectively boost the country’s market demand, and thus contribute to the growth of the domestic market for light modules. 2.4 National producers welcome new opportunities, and companies maintain a dominant position in China’s production of light modules, which, based on such advantages as labour costs, continue to dominate competition with overseas producers.
With the development of the light communication industry, there has been a profound change in the pattern of competition in the light communication module sector. From the industrial chain, the light communication module firms have been restructuring their M&As and increasing industry concentration. From a regional perspective, capacity has gradually shifted to developing countries represented by China, and Chinese enterprises have been able to achieve rapid R&D capabilities in the light module.
The rise has gradually taken on an important role in international competition patterns, and the share of domestic producers has been rising. According to the Lightcounting report, China’s share of light-module manufacturers has increased from 15% in 2010 to 50% in 2021, accounting for half of the industry.
According to the Omdia data, the company’s market share was the second highest in the world in 2021, about 10%, mainly because of a significant increase in sales of 200g and 400g products provided by the company to the cloud company’s data centre. According to the study of light module producers at the Sullivan Institute in 2020, based on income scale, technology, and technology.
In addition, there is a gradual increase in the concentration of domestic light-module manufacturers and a relatively stable position of head producers, with companies expected to continue to lead the industry.
Laser radar east wind has arrived, the outer extension period of the light module manufacturer's operation 3.1 laser radar has continued to expand in size, with a wide range of end-uses. Laser radar is a short term for light detection and ranging, previously known as light thunder.
The working principle is to analyze the time difference or the difference in location of the laser when it returns to the target object by launching and receiving the laser beam. Determine the distance, location, altitude, speed, etc. of the target object. Multiple beams of lasers create a 3d image with a clear target using Doppler imaging techniques.
The laser beams used by radars are much more frequent than microwaves and have high resolution, good cover, good low-altitude detection, small size, light quality features than normal microwave radars. Laser radars will in turn address the development of scanning, detection, integration techniques.
The commercialization of semi-solid laser radars can help the producers build on vehicle usage experience at an early stage and help in the design of solid laser radar products to better match the needs of the mainframe. The development of e-optics programmes involves the accumulation of knowledge in basic disciplines, requiring a great deal of experimental combinations.
Identification of commercialization options. Subconductor integration technology and photo-integrator integration technology can bring the cost of laser radars down rapidly and allow modular production of laser radars to be assembled. Figure 26: Laser radars will in turn address the development of scanning, detection, integration technology.
Summary of the development of laser radar technology Improvement of the engineering design of semi-solid-state scanning modules Achievement of a standardized optical detection programme
Implementation of laser monolithic integration, scanning of solid state programmes, rotational scanning modules
The component supply chain is mature and the value for short-term value is higher, but the opa transmutator is developing a wide-angle scanning fmcw FM mechanism to achieve low-cost stable FM
The cost and volume decline space is limited, laser monolithic integration, photon integration technology lags behind microelectronic integration technology.
For about 30 years, a long-term commitment is needed to achieve a breakthrough that will produce a mems-scanning module, a single integration of current lasers and other devices.
There's a higher degree of integration in semi-solid scenarios, a higher concentration of luminous power in design vcsel, but there's a greater potential for decline, but there's some performance indicators.
The spad array structure is designed to improve pixel resolution, compromise, rely more on engineering experience for improvement, semiconductor technology.
Semiconductor technology will continue to help laser radars reduce costs and volume, and some of the microelectronics in the early stages of laser radar development can take the lead in chipping because they are less influenced by changes in the front-end optical programme.
The upper market for laser radar is mainly for lasers.
The market for downstream applications is divided mainly into car networks, unmanned areas, and mapping, while laser mines have also developed in other non-civil fields, such as military, scientific, etc.
Laser radar markets continue to grow in size. Laser radar applications are extensive and can be applied in areas such as unmanned, high-level auxiliary driving, service robots and smart cities, and are expected to continue to break through and upgrade intelligent technologies.
The size of the laser radar market will be rapidly expanded. According to Sullivan, the size of the global laser radar market in 2021 was US$ billion and the size of the capr in 2019-2025 was 64.6 per cent. In addition, China ' s laser radar field, namely unmanned and high-level auxiliary driving, is expected to be a major component by 2025.
Laser radar is a technology-intensive product, and its key components are semiconductor integrated circuits, apart from lasers and micromechanicals. After nearly 20 years of rapid development, our continental integrated circuit industry has taken a prominent place in the global integrated circuit market.
In 2020, the national production of integrated circuits reached 26.126 billion pieces, an increase of 29.45 per cent compared to the previous year, with production rising to a new high. 3.2 Autopilots are booming and laser radars are gaining momentum.
As technology and production efficiency progressed, laser radar costs began to decline rapidly in recent years, the mainframe plants were gradually integrated into the adas sensor programme, and its new Chinese forces became more aggressive in the deployment of laser radars, using laser radars as new technology outlets to explore their applications more actively.
function; also foreign brands are beginning to deploy laser radars to their own high-end vehicles. The laser radar currently on board covers a wide range of high-resolution laser radars, ranging from near to long distances, depending on the needs of the manufacturer, and will further expand the vehicle applications of laser radars in the future as they are integrated.
Unmanned areas are promising, with vehicle-mounted laser radar markets driven by passenger vehicles and Robotaxi demand increasing steadily. Early mechanical laser radars are difficult to use on vehicles, semi-solid laser radars are still in the process of being certified, so getting in is slow. In 2022, semi-solid laser radars mature to explode in the vehicle market.
Now, with the deep development of laser radar capabilities at the mainframe plant and the reduced cost of laser radars, the number of laser radars on board will remain high for a short period of time, while Robotaxi, co-driven by the government and downstream enterprises, will continue to open the city, and the number of test and operate convoys will increase steadily.
The market for light radars is expected to grow from 460 million yuan in 2021 to 5.47 billion yuan in 2025, achieving 85.8 per cent of the yearly equivalent parts of 3.3, which are expected to accelerate the layout of light-module manufacturers. The optical components are the basis of laser radars and key devices.
The optical components are at the core of the optical conversion process that makes lasers and detectors better. The lasers are fired with smaller flares, larger dispersion angles, and with a sharper focus, the size of the flares in long-range transmissions changes less, so that the design has important implications for the importance of light mass, distance measurement and range accuracy.
The optical system is required to ensure that the maximum amount of emission light is received by the detector, which imposes higher requirements for the accuracy of the optical components. Different optical components apply to different laser radar programmes, but products such as lenses, filters and separators are basic optical components that can be applied to different laser radar programmes.
Some laser radar optical components are of the same origin as light module technology, and the technology of light module manufacturers and the re-use of production lines are expected to accelerate the layout. Core devices such as lasers, detectors and optical components in laser radars are similar in product form and function to those in the field of optical communications, and there is some commonity between bottom processes and technology, and light communication plants are therefore used for this purpose.
Technology platforms and production lines accumulated over a long period of time have some re-use. In terms of integrated technological dimensions, silicon light technology is the hotspot of light for nearly a decade of communications, and is the emerging research direction in the field of laser radar. High performance, high integration, low cost are the goals pursued by laser radar and light modules. The laser radar optical component is the same as the optical module component technology.
There are many similarities to the source. The technology and production lines of light-module manufacturers are very relevant, and some researchers working in the field of laser radar can be provided by the light-communications sector. Light-module manufacturers can choose to work with laser-radar companies to expand their own areas of operation by either replacing laser-radar devices or providing them with full-time replacements.
The industry has become more dynamic, and the energy technology advantage company has taken off, and the industry has become more agile in the 4.1 light module industry. The industry has continued to grow rapidly, with increased demand for luminous modules for digital switchboard end sales.
The report shows that the global data centre switch sales in the first quarter of 2022 grew by 16 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the second-highest revenue in the history of the market, only 2 per cent below the record level of sales in the previous quarter. Of this, 25g, 80 per cent. Of this, 400g was exported more than 800,000 ports, and growth is expected at 400g this year.
As part of the industrial chain, the digital switchboard is also showing the rise in the landscape of the light module industry, where companies have a prominent market share and high income innovation in a single quarter. The company is the global high-end light module leader, providing high-speed light modules such as 100g/200g/400g/800g for cloud data centre customers, and 5g in the telecommunications market.
The company ranked first in the total market share of luminous module suppliers for 2021 released by Lightning. The omdia report showed that the company was the largest contributor to the global market share of luminous modules in 2021, with a global share of 12% in q4 companies in 2021.
The market share rises and the industry continues to move up, with companies making a single-quarter rise in revenue, with q1 generating real operating income of $2,089 million in 2022, or 41.91 per cent more than the previous year. The company is expected to achieve a net return in the first half of 2022, which is more than 70 per cent, and it works with North American cloud producers such as Google, Amazon, Meta and others.
The growth in demand for 200g/400g data centre light modules in North America is expected to be a direct benefit to the growth of the company, with 800g light model.
4.2 The technology R&D industry leads the way and seizes the timing of product rotations, and mastering cutting-edge technology is a key factor in leading the new generation of product deployments.
The first 800g of the industry's OSfp and qsfp-dd series of light modules, which can be inserted into the industry, has now been distributed to some of the overseas patents, 83 of which have been invented. The company's technological excellence is at the forefront of the industry, which provides a solid basis for the firm to take advantage of the opportunities for product rotation and give priority to the market.
Research and development personnel and R & D inputs have steadily increased, and equity incentives have injected dynamism into the company. 2022q1, company R & D investment incentives. The first restricted stock incentive scheme involved a total of 355 persons, and the second restricted stock scheme, a total of 148 persons, including company managers and core technical (business) cadres, served as companies.
In 2020, the company set up the Ingenuity Science and Technology Institute, with scientific advisers from recognized universities such as the University of Qinghua, the University of North Kyoto, the Middle School, etc., to enable companies to interact further with academics and industry experts, to improve the core production advantage of 4.3 to ensure delivery capacity, and to improve the industry chain layout.
The company’s productivity has accelerated, and delivery capacity has been assured. The light module downstream is mainly a large cloud company, with customers paying more attention to the quality and delivery of products than prices. The company has established several subsidiaries, both inside and outside the country, including Sioux State, Chengdu, Hinshik, etc., as well as in Taiwan, the United States, Thailand, etc., with the aim of establishing subsidiaries in Taiwan, China, the United States, Thailand, etc.
At the same time, corporate fund-raising projects have gradually landed, and productivity expansion has accelerated. Companies will be able to further strengthen their production as they land on the fund-raising projects.
The company has now set up a Ministry of Industry to conduct in-depth excavations and research in the expanses of the light communication industry, such as laser radar, to explore new performance growth points. With the increased penetration of adas and market size, laser radar operations are expected to be new to the company.
The company is the leading global provider of light module solutions, with 30 years of deep-farming industry with a more complete product system that combines the development, design, encapsulation, testing and sale of high-end optical communication modules, and is at the forefront of the industry, and will continue to thrive in the light module market as the construction of 5g and the construction of idc continues.
The company began to deploy the laser radar industry, which is expected to become a new growth point for the company as its penetration rate and market size increased. Compared to comparable companies, the company values are reasonable.
Market leads, with a certain premium on valuation. First rating, “enhanced” rating. Overseas market demand, product delivery less than expected, upstream factor price volatility, exchange rate risk. Author with CSI-issued securities investment consulting qualification or considerable professional competence, diligent, professional and independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.