In the period under review, the company achieved business income of $15,216 million, the largest securities firm in the country.
The scope is as follows: securities brokering; securities investment consulting; financial advisers related to securities trading; securities investment activities; securities with a “pill” of investment, with a clear performance of the company during the reporting period.
Insurance and insurance; self-employment of securities; asset management of securities; significant market volatility, with significant downsides in core market indicators such as the CFO, the C.O.50, the C.O. 300, the C.O.C., the C.I.C., the C.I.C., the C.I.C.C.
For middle-level presentation of business. In a number of business areas, the SCM severely delays its own investment performance, but the company retreats, retains or achieves a leading position through balanced allocation and effective risk management controls.
“Investment gains + gains from fair value changes” were only 14.5 per cent lower than the previous year, with the successful construction of a “security cushion” in the centre of the economy, with further improvements in financing arrangements that greatly outperformed the industry.
The size of the ipo financing continued to grow by more than 50 per cent at a high base for the same period of 21 years, driving companies to invest in the five major players in the market as investors and risk managers, no.
During the reporting period, the company earned $1.828 billion in net operating fees to restore and consolidate its core competitiveness.
The growth of 14.8 per cent in the same year has become the largest profit growth point for companies, which, in the midst of market volatility, have a strong “fundamental management plus asset management” income, safeguarding the company’s “fundamental balance” when firms together form an integrated business model of trust-held shares.
The low performance of public and private equity funds during the first quarter of the year, together with the ICT International Financial Control Unit, poses a major challenge to the growth in the size of new and stock funds and management fees, which in turn affects the wealth of bond dealers involved in the sale of financial products, the investment of funds, etc.
Management of business income. But the company relies on the platform to leverage the high-impact synergies between the wealth management business line and the summer fund, and to contribute to the overall development of wealth management operations through a system of asset management that focuses on the management of Sino-Trust securities, the management of medium-term futures, and the investment of gold and stones.
At the same time, through industry’s leading equity derivatives and risks in the qdii and ficc industries, companies increase their rates of return while reducing net volatility, thereby enhancing the perception of wealth management clients of the public administration and brands. In addition, quality product lines are effective in supporting companies’ own capital.
In addition, the company’s impairment loss is partially reversed, and the risks are relatively manageable. Market volatility has pushed up the flow of b/h shares (in millions).
However, based on a more sophisticated risk management system and adequate prior-period risk measurement, the reversal of credit impairment losses and other asset impairment losses in the reporting period in the reverse market has further reinforced the company's investment proposal: the current homogenization of the securities industry is still strong, in the context of the continuous increase in the Matthews effect.
As the industry’s absolute leader, the Sino-Sinse securities are not only unmanageable in business, but also prominent within the integrated power industry, and have a certain characteristic and heterogeneous business structure that is resistant to cyclical properties.
At first sight. After the company's portfolio is completed, it is expected that 19 billion dollars will be invested in capital intermediation, and that one step forward will be made in improving profitability and overall competitiveness, and we firmly look forward to the company's long-term development prospects and to the construction of the Cables (60030): without fear of market fluctuations, performance remains visible.
Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-monetary financial research.
Two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015; tenth Master of Economics in the Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016; and joined East Hing Securities in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Report (600030): Without fear of market fluctuations, performance is still bright and without any guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the views, conclusions and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.