Self-employment, brokering for performance restoration. In-depth report by Taijun (601211) 13 May 2019
In 2018, the company's operating income was Lilonghai's gradual inflow of funds into a share, and the policy dividend will continue to be released and a share market will warm up in the first quarter of 2019.
The company’s operating income grew by 7.22% over the year, while net profit excluding the parent grew by 76.17% over the year. The company experienced a marked decline in roe in 2018, with much room for improvement in 2019. From 2016 to 2018, the public company experienced a moderate decline in roe (weighted) in 2018. The roe value is related to the growth rate of operating income and equity multipliers.
Higher, business income increases as the securities market warms, and leverages and self-employments improve after credit risk is released. Brokering: net revenue from corporate brokering grew upwards. In 2018, net revenue from corporate brokerage was $4.380 billion, a decrease of 21.87 per cent compared to the previous year;
In the first quarter of the year, net revenue from corporate brokerage was 1,531 million yuan, an increase of 10.17 per cent over the same period.
The benefits are more pronounced in terms of the growth of the portfolio and the maintenance of high stock market turnover, which has contributed to the expansion of equity financing, the increase in the income from the stockbrokers ' operations and the pre-positioning of the company ' s investments, which are expected to increase at the same rate in 2019, but the net revenue from the company ' s investments in the first quarter of 2019 is expected to increase at the same rate.
A 15% decline in the same ratio and the profitability of the investors has not yet been restored. Managing operations: influenced by the decline in the size of passive management, net corporate income has declined significantly, but the share of active management has shown an upward trend, but a smaller one. Overseas operations: offshore operations contribute significantly to revenue collection, companies
In the first quarter of 2019, net corporate income from its own business grew by 12.99 per cent over the same period, and by 67.00 per cent over the same period, if it was excluded from United States investment earnings from sales in 2018. Credit operations: net corporate income grew at a faster rate, with industries ranked first on the scale. Impacted by the decline in the volume of financial assets bought back into the same year, 2019.
In the first quarter, net corporate credit revenue was $1.449 billion, a decline of 0.73% over the same period. Investment advice.
At the end of 2018, the company had 420 securities and 26 futures businesses in the country.
There are 346 securities offices in the country, 74 securities offices in Shanghai, 18 futures in the country, and eight futures in the seafood. The company's main holding companies are: the State, the Thai financial holdings (100% share, operating revenues in 2018 at $1.642 billion, net profits at $486 million).
Portfolio investment consultancy; financial consultant in relation to securities trading, portfolio investment activities; securities coupon business; portfolio swaps; financial product surrogate business; long-term company provision of intermediary business; asset management business; bulk futures brokerage business, financial futures brokerage business, futures investment consultancy, equity investment, entrepreneurship investment, investment management,
Investment consultancy and other operations approved by the CSRC. Central Settlement (Agent) Ltd. (13.74% shareholding), Shanghai International Group Ltd. (7.83% shareholding), Shenzhen City Investment Holdings Ltd. (6.99% shareholding), China Securities and Finance Co. Ltd.
By the end of 2018, the physical control of the company was Shanghai International Group Ltd., total control figure 1: property rights and control relations between the company and the actual controller.
The ratio of income to investment and management operations was small. In 2018, the average ratio of net revenue to the company ' s main businesses was compared with the ratio of net revenue to the company ' s main businesses, 2016-2017, while the ratio of net revenue to brokering and self-employed operations decreased significantly, by 6.20 and 4.08 percentage points, respectively, compared with net credit operations.
The rise in the share of revenue was marked, with an increase of 4.84 percentage points. The sharp fall in the stock market, the decline in the net revenue from corporate brokerage and self-employment in 2017 compared to the sharp increase in the turnover, which underpinned the increase in the size of equity financing, and the increase in equity financing in the creation of the venture board, which benefited the company.
This is expected to increase the net revenue ratio of the investment bank operations. The net revenue ratio of the company ' s operations in 2018 decreased by 15.86 per cent compared to the same period. As the company moves to proactive management, the increase in the size of its management leads to an increase in management fees, and is expected to increase the net revenue of its operations, thereby increasing its revenue ratio. In the first quarter of 2019, the company ' s investment portfolio and its investments increased its revenue ratio.
The net revenue ratio for managed operations remained low, while the net income ratio for self-employed operations increased significantly, by 8.87 percentage points from 2018; the net income ratio for brokering operations also increased slightly from 2018, with an increase of 3.59 figure 3.
The firm’s profits in 2019 will be at a turning point. Strong capital power is the basis for the coupons’ victory in industrial change, with the firm’s net capital and net assets ranked second in rank.
Enterprise development, building multi-level capital markets, increasing the proportion of direct financing that becomes an urgent need, opening capital markets to both sides, introducing external competitors, fast-tracking domestic voucher business models and enriching financial products, government regulation model with a risk-regulatory system centred on net capital, industry development thinking of “better or worse”, with a focus on domestic champions.
International competitiveness; bond-broker business models that collect service fees and differentials for supply of services and products through the expansion of balance sheets by charging route fees on licence plates, institutional client ratios that rise, demand for market services increases and demand for derivatives and quantities significantly increases; asset pricing capacity, financial product creation capacity, risk management capacity, etc.
The rise in core competitions, such as active management capacity, asset acquisition capacity, asset fund matching efficiency, customer service and back-office operations, requires increased investment in financial science and technology. From the current model of securities industry regulation, to a rich variety of services and products, and to the upgrading of core competitiveness, strong capital support is needed, with the company ' s net capital and net assets regulations for 2018.
Models are in second place in the industry and have a priori advantage in the process of future transformation. Figure 4: Net capital and growth rate of the same year (billions, per cent)
During the first quarter of the first quarter of the year, corporate earnings were 25,765 million yuan, 23,804 million yuan and 22,719 million yuan respectively, a significant decline in stock market turnover, an increase in equity pledge credit risk, and an accumulation of adverse factors such as a rise in credit defaults, respectively.
Gradual inflow into a share, the policy dividend will continue to be released and a share market will warm, with company operating income and net non-return earnings of $6.695 billion and $2,606 million, respectively, increasing by 7.22 per cent and 76.17 per cent, respectively, in the first quarter of 2019.
The company is expected to rise with the increase in leverage levels following the release of credit risk. By reference to the nearly two-year bond multiplier, the maximum value was 4.83 (closing the client bond) and the company ' s 2018 equity multiplier (closing the client bond) was 3.00, and other conditions (e.g. no growth in operating income) were constant, and if the equity multiplier was raised, the company was forecasted to be roe
Shows that Roe is in the process of being repaired. Figure 9: Large bond dealers ' equity multipliers in 2018 (closing client guarantees) Figure 10: Tanchon Aryanroe (weighted) and increase or decrease (percentage points) over the same period last year
From 2016 to 2018, net revenue from corporate brokering was 1,531 million yuan, an increase of 10.17% over the same period. Horizontally, between 2015 and 2018, the net revenue from corporate brokerage was second in the industry.
Figure 11: Net revenue from Thai brokering (billion yuan, per cent) The company ' s share of the brokerage market was in the forefront of the industry in 2018. As the exchange stopped publishing stock-based trading data from various securities dealers after March 2018, we could only derive net income from the company ' s brokerage business as a whole.
In 2016-2018, the net revenue sector of corporate brokerage was ranked second in all sectors; in comparison with lateral comparisons, the share of companies in 2018 was only lower than the share of large securities (the net income sector of middle securities brokerage was 11.92 per cent).
During the year, the share of institutional clients in corporate agency sales of securities was stagnant at 20.10 per cent, 21.26 per cent, and 21.38 per cent, respectively, and when agency clients were relatively low in the brokering customer structure and weak in the securities market, the revenue from brokering operations was prone to greater downward fluctuations, leading to poor performance in the brokering business.
The number of institutional clients in the annual sales and sales of securities by corporate agents is only 21.92 per cent, and is low among large securities dealers, which is only higher than the share of large securities issued and far below the ratio of 45.87 per cent of medium-sized securities. By comparing the net income of large-scale securities dealers in the period from 2015 to 2018 with the same rate of increase, companies are found to be growing more rapidly in the years in which the net income from brokering operations was positive in the same year;
In the years when net revenue from brokering fell on a year-on-year basis, the firm experienced a slight decline, which augured well for the company’s ability to perform as a broker. The institutional capacity for integrated services was significantly improved, with a second place in the industry of managing the size of the product hosting.
By the end of 2018, the company’s assets provided hosting and outsourcing services for 6875 portfolio products of all kinds, which were growing from the end of the previous year, and the company was expected to benefit from the bonder’s settlement model dividend. In February 2019, the regulatory authority clarified that the provisions of the new public fund’s certificater settlement model had changed from pilot to regular, while encouraging the old fund’s new product to adopt the model, the insurance company.
These requirements apply to financial institutions, such as insurance asset management companies, commercial banks and financial institutions, futures companies and asset management subsidiaries, as well as to the types of products they manage.
It is the voucher dealer who handles the settlement, and it is the model that allows for real-time certification of the transactions and real-time monitoring of unusual transactions and compliance with regulatory penetrating regulations. The advantage for the bond dealer is that the public fund-raising product-related hosting, resale, research services, etc. are expected to move from banks to securities dealers in the future.
In addition, the regulatory level provides that the manager of the base gold product may choose one or more securities companies to carry out securities transactions, and may be exempted from the annual commission for trading securities through the trading seat of a securities firm.
30% of securities trading commission.” This provision may lead to centralization of public fund-raising research. In the short term, sales channels are wide, and dealers with strong sales skills benefit the most; in the long term, dealers with strong financial services such as transaction settlement systems, collection, resale, research, hosting, etc. will benefit more. In late 2018, companies owned 420 businesses in the country.
The Ministry of Industry, with its number and market share of brokering, is at the forefront of the industry, is highly marketable and is expected to benefit from the performance of the voucher settlement model with improved systems such as the matrix system and the routing app system.
High, leading to an expansion of equity financing, an increase in the income from the stockbrokers’ operations, and a preponderance of the company’s investment. But in the first quarter of 2019, the net income from the company’s investments fell by 15% on a year-on-year basis, its profitability has not been restored, and the value sector ranks 4th, 3rd, and 5th.
The company invests in industrial capacity-building, increases coverage of priority industry leaders, strengthens the development of new economic enterprises and traditional high-quality enterprises, and actively reserves innovative science and technology enterprises that meet the requirements of the Science and Innovation Panel, and maintains a high level of competitiveness in the industry as of April 17, 2019.
By 30 April 2019, 98 companies, seven of which are insured, had been reported.
The size of the reorganization market has decreased, and the number of M & As restructuring projects has declined. The securities market completed M & As in 2018 involved the surrender of $1.25 trillion, a decline of 14.97 per cent in the same year. The company ' s M & As reorganization operations were reviewed by the CVM in 2017, with seven M & As projects ranked fifth in the industry, and the number of restructuring projects falling significantly.
As the demographic dividend disappears, the international trade environment is complicated, supply-side reforms are advanced further, industrial restructuring is upgraded into a critical period, multi-layered capital markets, increased direct financing is more important in macroeconomic management, and investment banking is opened up.
Market space: ipo-reviewed regularization, Unicorn returns, a unit, Lulutong roll-out, accelerated roll-out, etc., has increased business demand for investment banks such as ipo (with a list of start-up plates), cdr (China depository vouchers), gdr issues, M & A heavy groups, etc.
4.3 Managing the operations: the net income from managing the operations has declined and the scale of the management has increased. The Management Committee, the China Securities and Inspection Board and the National Exchange Authority jointly issued the Guidance on Regulating the Asset Management Industry in Financial Institutions (hereinafter referred to as the “New Regulations”).
The underlying objectives of the entity’s economy, the need to invest in the real-estate economy, and the need to actively direct asset management operations to the poles, remove the traps, break the cash pool, etc. The core business model for the asset management industry will move rapidly from regulatory arbitrage, spread arbitrage to asset management, risk pricing, etc. The net income from corporate management operations continued to decline in 2019.
The decrease of 21.18 per cent is estimated to be the result of a continued contraction in the size of the managed assets.
Corporate growth has been steady, with an upward trend in the proportion of active management. From 2016 to 2018, the company was entrusted with managing 4.4 overseas operations: income from overseas fell year-on-year and contributed significantly to revenue collection, income from overseas declined year-on-year and contributed significantly to revenue collection.
Enterprise finance, asset management, loans, financing and financial products, and marketing and investment operations have been organized in places like the United States and Singapore. In 2018, ANTI actively promoted the development of wealth management, fixed earnings, and structured products, optimizing asset and customer structures, and maintaining its leading position as a bond dealer in Hong Kong.
The total income of Junon International was 2,644 million yuan (converted at spot rate of 28 December 2018), a decrease of 3.84 per cent from the same year, mainly affected by the decline in brokering, enterprise finance and asset management operations, and 4.5 self-employed operations, respectively: self-employed operating income was at a turning point.
From 2016 to 2018, the net income from the company ' s own business (net return on investment - return on investment to associated and joint ventures + net gain on fair value changes) was $7,690 million, while the equity market was more influential. The net income from the company ' s own business was declining in the first quarter of 2019.
Using net operating income of $5,749 million, an increase of 12.99 per cent over the previous year, the net operating income of the company, excluding the investment earnings of the United States Confederation sold in 2018, was substantially lower than that of the company ' s own business, while the net operating income of Shin Man-Huan, Sino-Kin securities and vendors ' securities fell less than that of 2016 on a year-on-year basis than in 2016, predicting that the portion of the biller had experienced a sharp fall in the market in 2015.
4.6 Credit operations: Net revenue growth slowed, income levels kept industry top, net income growth slowed, and income levels kept industry top. Between 2016 and 2018, corporate credit business financing balances rose overall. Stock pledges became the main credit risk for bond dealers in 2018, representing net profits for the year.
In 2018, companies accounted for $235 million in impairment losses and buy-back financial assets, respectively. Market warming, credit impairment losses returned to $375 million, and the risk of credit impairment decreased.
The credit risk of securities financing operations, such as stock pledge buy-backs, is to control the credit risk of such operations, including through a recovery of losses due to the client ' s failure to comply with contractual commitments. Between 2016 and 2018, corporate buy-back financial assets lost 0.26, 0.13 and 0.54 per cent of net returned assets, respectively, and stock pledge business risks were similarly low.
By the end of 2018, the average maintenance guarantee rate was 226.62 per cent for the clients of corporate finance coupons, stock pledge buy-backs.
Market expectations. The company, as a large portfolio of securities, has the highest income in the industry and benefits more from the recovery of the market. In particular, there are several important future growth points for the company: first, as the securities market warms, the net revenue from corporate brokerage and self-employment is expected to increase significantly in 2019, while the net revenue from the two operations is expected to rise significantly in 2019.
The share of revenue is 19.28 per cent and 25.30 per cent, respectively, representing a significant increase in net profits. Second, in the context of industry transformation, the concentration of the industry is expected to increase, and the company, as the head-biller, is expected to expand its market share further in the process. Third, the number of companies that offer a declaration board is five, and the number of companies declared is in fifth place alongside the CS securities.
Fourth, as the equity market has risen steadily, the company is expected to be in a lower position in 2019. As the securities market has warmed and capital market reforms accelerated, the company lost its home in the first quarter of 2019.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I am qualified or well-qualified in portfolio investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent career attitude and independent and objective knowledge.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.