China's mid-October 2025 (60188.sh)
Incidents: The company issued its three-quarterly report for 2025. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company achieved the end of 39.9 billion yuan/q3 in revenue, and the September-October sales transfer in Hainan is expected to improve its q4 expectations.
The base has been further reduced, with tax-free sales from Hainan Island steadily improving in July-September, and tax-free sales from Hainan Island increasing at -7%/- 4%/+3% in July-September, respectively, and we expect the rate of tax-free sales from the island to continue at a positive rate in October.
For limited: 1) The single price of duty-free off-island sales has returned to growth since this year, and the market as a whole has fallen largely as a result of the decline in the number of purchases, while the decline in the number of purchases has been driven by a decline in the rate of conversion of duty-free purchases. We measured the rate of tax-free shopping penetration in September at about 9%, an improvement of about 2 pct from the lowest point in July.
In December, Hainan will be officially closed, and the expansion of passenger and commercial flows will help to improve tax-free sales. The tax-exempt policy in the city has been further optimized and is expected to begin to increase in the future.
The policy of duty-free shopping policy, although it has landed, is subject to the policy of requiring consumers to carry duty-free goods to their bad shopping experiences. On 30 October, departments such as the Ministry of Finance issued a circular on improving duty-free shop policies to support consumption promotion. Since 1 November, consumers have been in the city shop/line.
We believe that, under the New Deal, duty-free shopping processes within the city will be greatly optimized by adding duty-free goods to such hot items as drones, health care, and pet food, and that future tax-free dividends in the city are expected to be better released.
Investment proposals: The downside of the net interest rate of company q3 is largely influenced by cost rigidities, considering the q4 China-South tax industry as an important channel for boosting consumption and expanding consumption in the country, and it is expected that companies, as industry leaders in the future, will continue to benefit from potential policies to optimize profitability and maintain a “recommended” rating.
[Galaxy's clothing] China's Central China Free (60188.sh): q2 income drops narrow, waiting for business construction, and I promise to present this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
This report is made available to its customers by the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.