China ' s China Free Chinamgroupdutyfree (60888ch) 25q3 marginal performance improvement and sustained good policy gains
Coyonyuanku, Maria Lilulu, hot speed review flashanalysis.
(pleaseeappendix1forengleshsummary) Events: China did not publish 25q3 performances, and the company achieved business income of RMB 11,711 billion, down 0.4 per cent from the same year, and the net profit from the mother was RMB 452 million, down 28.9 per cent from the same year, corresponding to a net interest rate from the mother of 3.86 per cent. As at 25q3, the company achieved business income of RMB 39,860 million, down 7.3 per cent from the same year, and the net profit from the parent of the mother of the company was higher.
The revenue from duty-free sales from Hainan Island continued to shrink by the same year, making a full improvement in September. The tax-free sales from Hainan Island amounted to $5.4 billion in 25 q3, a decline of 2.6 per cent in the same year. The number of duty-free purchases from the island amounted to 9,472,000, a decline of 14.3 per cent in the same year. The price of the free passenger bill from the island amounted to $57,041.0 per cent, an increase of 13.6 per cent, and the monthly tax-free sales from Hainan Island amounted to $1.73 billion in September, an increase of 3.4 per cent in the same year.
This represents a 17.6 per cent increase in the same volume of sales in the Sanya International Free City, where corporate income fell by a narrow margin, and the Māori rate remained almost the same. 25q3 companies achieved operating income of 11.11 billion yuan, a 0.4 per cent decline, a 2.7 per cent increase in the ring, a 32.0 per cent increase, a 0.4 per cent decline in the ring, excluding sales of low Māori electronics resulting from the mobile telephone policy.
The city’s tax-free shops continue to be located, further expanding their operations. In the Henan region, the stores have deepened their “tax-free” landscapes, building a powerful shop matrix, leading to the national premiere on the theme “Natural shapes” of the Bubble Matt Dimoo, the third-largest flash shop in Disney’s shop, and creating a composite model of “tax-free plus experience plus socialization.” The companies in Shenzhen, Guangzhou, and Chengdu have introduced a two-track business model of “tax-free” and deep integration of their territories.
Culture and identity, and the creation of a new consumption scene with a deep integration of the International Quality + Local Characters, covering both domestic and foreign groups, effectively activates the potential for consumption. The Department has carefully developed a new concept shop, cdf Macao New Road Shop, and has made every effort to promote the construction of the Macao International Airport departure shop, further improving the strategic layout of the Macao market's full-link road, “Value Village, View Zone, Airport.”
For the first time, the company has implemented a medium-term bonus aimed at enhancing investor confidence. For the first time, it is proposed to find a gold dividend of $2.5 million (including taxes) per 10 shares, equivalent to $517 million, or 16.95 per cent of the net return on the first three quarters.
In order to support the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, the Ministry of Finance, the Customs Administration, and the Tax Administration jointly issued an announcement to upgrade the Hainan Free Trade Markets Policy as of 1 November. Specific adjustments include: 1) new pet items, which can be carried with them.
(b) Allow domestic goods such as costumes, shoe caps, ceramic products, silk towels, curry, morphine and tea to be sold in off-island duty-free shops and to withdraw (exempt) value added tax (VAT) and consumption tax;
The new policy will facilitate the expansion of the off-island tax-exempt policy, increase the supply of goods, improve consumer shopping experience, enhance the island’s sense of access, and promote the development of the Hainan Free Trade Port.
event: chinatourismgroupdutyfreereesed 25q3aults.in25q3, the companypanyachievedrevenueoflamb11.71bn, town 0.4% yoy, andnetprofitatribletotheparientcompancryachedridrom452million,down 28.9% yoy, withnetprofitmarginof 3.86%.asof25q3, thecompanyachievedrevenueofrb39.86bn,down 7.3% yoy, andnetprofitatribletothepantent
Copanyreachedmb 3.052bn, Down 22.1% yoy, with the profitmarginof 7.6%. yoyrowthdeclineinhainanoffshoredy-freesaleshascontinuedtonarrow, achievinganoverallposiveturnaroundseptem.in25q3, hainanoffshoreduty-freesalesreachedrb 5.4bn, Down 2.6% yoy.thenumofoffshoreduty-free
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Increasedby17.6% yoy. declineinyoyrevenuegrogrowthhasnarrowed, andgrosprofitmarginisbasicallyflatyoy.in25q3, thecompanyachieved revenueofrmb11.71bn,down 0.4% yoybutup2.7%q.thecompany'sprofitmarginwas32.0%,basicallyflyoyand
4 per centpercentagepointsqoq.excluting theimpactofdoublesoflow-markinectoricproductsduetatothational sobddypolicyformobilephophones, the Grosss profitmarinwouldincreabyabubout0.5 per centpercentagepoints.The company's expense ratiosarebasicaltable, wistillingandministiveexpensatiosf 18.7 per cent and 3.9 per cent and +0.4 and 0.1 per centpercentagepointsoy,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company hasnewlyopendowntown duty-freeningenzen, guangzhou, dchengdu, aladingadual-trace-freed-openandtamese, deeply
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to do that.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not going to tell you this, but I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do.
16.95% of the netprofitatritabletoshareholdsforthefirststreamquatters.The companystatedthatfuturedivivides willbedlyadjustedbasedonoperformationperformance, cashflow,andinvestmentneds.
Incredibleinterimdidend, achievingballancebetweenshareholderreturnsandcorporate development.Rinks: macroeconomicgrothnotasexpected, unfavorableduty-fepropolicychanges, fiiercecompettioninmarketsetsetc.
Appendix appendix