Trailingbuy Inter-District Operation China (60188.sh)
The first medium-term bonus, the accumulation of positive elements of the business front, was influenced by domestic consumption demand, and the company q3 was under pressure. By the ring, the company’s harvest was shrinking and, on the one hand, the Hainan off-island tax exemption was rising steadily, and according to the China Customs, it was duty-free from the island in July/September.
The sales volume was equal to -7 per cent, -4 per cent and +3 per cent respectively (q3 overall sales fell by 2.7 per cent and q2 by 4.2 per cent for the same year) and in September the sales volume recovered for the first time in the year in question; on the other hand, the migration journey continued to warm, and according to the National Immigration Administration, the total number of incoming and outgoing persons was 178 million in the last three quarters.
The increase of 12.9% over the same period drove the company’s airport duty-free shop to continue to be repaired. Ping, 32%, benefited from higher Māori commodities as a percentage of upgrading and efficiency gains. On the cost side, the previous three quarters, macro level, recent tax-exempt-related policies were frequent: 1) 20 October, Henan Province press conference
(b) On 30 October, five ministries issued a joint circular on improving duty-free shop policies in support of consumption promotion, which includes optimizing tax (exempt) management of domestically produced goods and expanding the scope of tax-free products (inclusion of electronics, etc.);
At the company level, we expect q4 to continue warming. On the one hand, the holidays of the National Day, the mid-autumn season, and the seasons of mid-autumn.
The tax-free market on the island is 940 million, with a 5 per cent increase in average daily sales, a 17.6 per cent increase in tax-exempt stores on the occasion of the Fourth World Conference on Women, and a continuous warming of the off-island tax-free market. Moreover, companies and consumers continue to improve their performance.
During the reporting period, the Hainan region introduced bubble-mart, Disney premiere, first flash shop, etc., and opened tax-free shops in Shenzhen, Guangzhou and Chengdu, creating a deep convergence of “international Quality Plus Local Character” consumption scenes, and continued to increase market competitiveness in terms of tax exemptions.