China exempts tax-free data from duty-free reheating ports from tax-free growth in China: 3-quarter report from China in 2025: during the reporting period, the company achieved tax-free business in Hainan in September. Customs data from Hainan, September 2025.
The island’s monthly tax-free sales grew by 3.4 per cent on the same date, and for the first time in nearly 18 months, it registered a positive increase. Discounted prices showed a 7.14 per cent decline in the number of duty-free buyers leaving the island in September, but per capita consumption increased by 11.37 per cent on the same basis, reflecting an upward trend in consumption and unit prices.
Deepening the integration of tax-free + travel, introducing the national premiere of the Bubble Matt Dimoo theme “Natural Shapes”, the first flash shop in Sanya, Disney Shop, through a complex model of tax-free + experience + socialization, will be tax-free, total equity/flowing (billion shares)
During the reporting period, the company moved to Shenzhen, Shenzhen, in the form of the company’s company.
In Guangzhou and Chengdu, duty-free shops are completely new, operating on a two-track “tax-free” model for 12 months, which effectively widens the client base and activates the potential for consumption.
The shop opened successfully and made every effort to build a departure shop at the Macao International Airport, to build an initial full-chain layout of the “Value Village-Zing Zone-Airport” and to raise the branding influence of Hong Kong, Australia and the Gulf, and to provide a mid- and long-term growth rating for the company < 25 years of China ' s mid-year exemption: exemption from the island.
< 24-year-old China waiver: 1.33 percentage points overall performance. Net interest rate for the third quarter was 4.76 per cent, a decrease of 0.89 percentage points from the same period the previous year. < < Impact of the epidemic on the opening of new projects
On 30 October 2025, five departments, the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Commerce, issued circulars clarifying that tax-free shop policies had been improved and domestic goods optimized since 1 November 2025.
The policy of tax withdrawal (exemption) and active support for duty-free shops at ports and duty-free shops in the city for the sale of national products, as well as the further expansion of the tax-free shop category.
For the first time, a medium-term bonus was introduced. The company’s intention to find a gold dividend of 0.25 yuan (including taxes) to all shareholders, totalling 517 million yuan, representing 16.95 per cent of the net return to the mother in the previous three quarters, was a sign of goodwill towards investors.
China is exempt from the 2503-point assessment: exemption from duty-free data recovery at duty-free ports (39x, 31x, and 27x), attention is paid to the warming of demand and the operation of duty-free shops under policy facilitation, giving business platforms the risk of increased competition and lower competitiveness in corporate commodity prices.
There is a risk that the sales of duty-free stores in the city will fall short of expectations. China is exempt from 25q3 comments: tax-free data recovery at the off-island warmer crossing.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
This report is issued only to the signatory clients of the service agreement with the Pacific securities, the exclusive research product of the Pacific securities-contracting customers, and if you are not a Pacific securities-contracting customer, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any information in this report. Pacific securities will not be considered a Pacific securities customer by the recipient as a result of receiving, reading or paying attention to the content of this report in the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report