Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) event: companies issued their first quarterly report in 2025, o1 achieved business income of $20.3 billion in 2025, a year-on-year increase
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright achieved 45.22 billion kilowatt-hours of online electricity, an increase of 14.1 per cent compared to the previous year, but operating income increased by only 4.41 per cent, mainly from companies
Liu Xiaoning's electricity prices have fallen. According to the monthly market trading results in Guangdong Province, the sum of long-term transactions in Guangdong Province remained between 0.372 and 0.378 kWh in January and March 2025, further down from 0.392 kWh/kWh/year in 2025.
The same-year increase of $180 million, mainly as a result of progress in research and development confirming the impact of the rhythm, and 3) In addition, based on a decline in total profits, the cost of corporate income tax increased by $140 million on a year-on-year basis, and is expected to be largely in line with the preferential income tax policy for some of the fleets (thirty-half of the three exemptions) to be of concern, owing to the impact of the implementation of the Liaoning area support services policy, the growth of the Red River fleet and the value of the annual profits.
Pending. In 2025, the q1 q1 company reached 1.47 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of Internet access, down 5.74 per cent from the same year, but the company's return on investment increased by 5.61 per cent from the same year, and our analysis may be linked to a decrease in the cost of auxiliary services in Liaoning region. In February 2024, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on the establishment of a sound market price mechanism for electricity-supporting services, specifying that “the price of services has been raised up to the peak”
In principle, the cap is not higher than the local price of electricity for affordable new energy projects.” In April 2025, the Northeast Energy Regulatory Authority issued a further EMB/kWh (previously capped at $1/kWh). We believe that the profits of the Red River fleet are expected to increase significantly as the cost of peak support services in the northeast has dropped significantly.
Long-term installation growth in 16 of the build-up fleets, and injections into Huixiang fleets are expected to start during the year. By the end of 2024, the company had 16 installed units (including eight nuclear power units commissioned and managed by the controlling shareholders) and is expected to continue production in 2025-2032, fully safeguarding the growth of the company ' s medium- and long-term installed aircraft. In November 2024, the company issued a public announcement for nuclear power assets.
During the six years that have elapsed since the retention of nuclear power assets, when the conditions for injection into a listed company were met or when consensus was reached with China-wide nuclear power, the supply of medium- and wide-scale nuclear power was in accordance with the law, and the commitment requirements have now been met and is expected to continue production in 2025-2026, with the expected start of nuclear injection in Hue-zhou during the course of the year, laying the foundation for company performance.
On the basis of this percentage, the current stock price corresponds to a rate of 2.7% of dividends for the period 2025-2027, and to my personal perceptions of the priced securities and issuers.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.