Ningpo Bank (002142): Multi-profit center supports high interest rates, asset quality is still excellent
Incident: On 26 August, Bank Ningpo published its semi-annual report for 2022, which was collected in the first half of the year and pre-positioned Bank Ningpo was established on 10 April 1997 and in 2007 the weighted average of roe was 16.04%, a decrease of 1.45 pct over the same period.
July 19 became the country's first city commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The company pushed up the pick-up rate by “knowing markets with a strong increase in value and interest rates”.
Pre-profits, net profits increased by 17.6%, 18.2%, and 18.4% respectively (1q22, respectively +2.2pct, field, familiar customers) as access principles, adhering to "doors +0.1pc, -2.4pt) and achieving faster growth in profitability.
The business-to-business strategy, which provides diversification for clients, maintains rapid expansion (+28.7%), faster growth in interest (+9.3%), makes provision for boosters, and targets the development of “corporate banking, retailing, marketing, etc.”
Individual banks, financial markets, credit cards, paper business, investment banks, asset hosting, asset management, nine major profits.
The private sector is economically active, the population is rich, and the demand for small, retail credit is strong. With regional centres, a diversified business growth model and positive advantages have emerged, and Ningpo Bank assets have been growing faster: at the end of June, the loan balance increased by 24.3% over the year;
In the first half of the year, 12.6 billion new loans were granted, an increase of 18.6 billion over the same period last year; in terms of the new loan structure, the asset rate of return fell, the cost of the liabilities was rigid, and the net difference was narrow.
At the end of the asset: during the first half of the year, the low-cost advantage of the debt was further consolidated by repeated epidemics, economic downward pressure and total equity/currenta shares (in thousands), with 1h22 deposit rates falling from 3 bp to 1.8 per cent in 2021.
The return on investment was an important factor underpinning high growth at interest rates, with a total increase of $3.17 billion in investment returns and fair value changes in the first half of the year over the same period, mainly as a result of the company’s ability to invest in the stronger financial sector. In addition, the net revenue from fees was $3.54 billion, or 12 per cent of the revenue generated; the ratio was also higher.
This is an increase of 5.0%; as a result of the capital-market shocks, agent-type transaction fees revenue fell by 6.8% on a year-on-year basis, and with the gradual consolidation of the Nimba bank’s diversified profit growth point, it is expected to sustain high-speed growth at interest-free rates. The asset quality remains the best on the market, with the reserve level leading.
In terms of forward-looking indicators, the lending rate is 0.48%, with a 521.8% coverage, with a 3pc drop in the ring; maintaining the leading position of listed banks. The Ningpo bank is mature and has a prudent policy; and the risk exposure is lower than comparable, and the quality of the company ' s assets is expected.
Deep-farming long triangles fully benefit from regional economic development. Ningpo Bank has developed a “one-wing” pattern based primarily on long triangles, the Pearl Triangle and the Ring Sea, which now concentrates more than 90% of its operations on long triangles.
Institutional mechanisms are better and more market-oriented. The Ningpo Bank has a diverse equity structure, with an earlier equity structure based on State capital, foreign capital and private enterprise checks and balances.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn adheres to differentiated development strategies that create comparative advantages.
S14805210003 It is true that the “big banks can't do well, small banks cannot do” strategy is appropriate and has developed comparative advantages in the various operations.
A business specialization model, with well-developed risk control mechanisms, rich product systems, and good market reputations.
The strategic transition has been advanced by using wealth management, private banking as a retail transformationist, building a better system of wealth management, not a source of Eastern financial wisdom, depleting the pool of talent associated with wealth management operations, and increasing the investment of resources.
By the end of June, Ningpo Bank had a personal client aum of 73 billion, an increase of 13.5 per cent compared to the beginning of the year; the number of private clients reached 156,000, and the number of private profit centres upgraded, with a higher growth potential.
Investment proposals: We believe that Ningpo Bank operates a strong regional demand for credit and is expected to grow at a faster scale in order to achieve a steady increase in net interest income at a more affordable rate; with the development of wealth management operations and the upgrading of diversified profit centres, there is a potential for growth of more meta-dollars; assets are of excellent quality, allocation
The future credit costs are expected to fall when the estimates are adequate. The expected net profit-to-profit ratio in 2022-2024, the institutional mechanisms, strategic positioning advantages and the high-growth attributes of the development potential of the transition, maintain “a strong inference 1: Ningbo Bank's net profit-to-return ratio of 1h22 to 18.4%.
Figure 2: Net profit return of Bank Ningbo 2q22 increased by 16.0 per cent over the year; Figure 3: loan balance of Bank Ningbo at the end of June increased by 24.3 per cent over the year; Figure 4: Net interest difference of Bank Ningbo 1h22 was 1.96 per cent, a decrease of 25bp from 2021
Figure 5: Non-performing bank lending rate of 0.77 per cent at the end of June; ring flat; figure 6: end of June bank provision coverage of 521.8 per cent, ring decrease of 3 pct Source of Eastern financial booms
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Ningpo Bank (002142): Multi-profit centres support high interest rates and asset quality is maintained.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.