The nghensecurities camp is growing upwards and assets are of excellent quality. On 26 August, Ningpo Bank issued a 22h1 report. 22h1 battalion received $29.41 billion, yoy+17.6 per cent;
As of 22h1, the yield-to-year acceleration ratio \triangleright +2.2pct. The net interest income ratio, which is expected to be mainly due to net interest differentials, has declined.
The low base effect is driven together; other non-interest income increases by a significant +19.4 ptt relative to the same rate increase, or mainly from increased returns on investments in traded financial assets.
Microbusinesses have grown strongly and wealth transformation has advanced. As at 22h1, retail companies had a significant balance of deposits of +30.9 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, with new current deposits accounting for 44.4 per cent of the total, and a continuous optimization of the contributory deposit structure, further consolidating the advantage of low public demand rates; and retail company lending was also significantly increased by +22 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
In the wealth management business, despite a decline in income from wealth business as a result of the first half of the year's capital market shocks, the size of the treasury was higher than at the beginning of the year + 18.5 per cent, or at a better level in the listing line; and retail sales increased aum
Research assistant in Bowen’s credit portfolio has been growing at a higher rate, with net interest differentials being smaller than at the beginning of the year.
Total lending of 22h1 remained at +24.3% year-on-year, reflecting the region’s positive economic dynamism in contrast to the increase in total assets. However, interest-bearing asset yields were significant compared to the beginning of the year by 33bp, and the netting-down rate was reduced to 25bp year-year-olds.
On the one hand, small and large wealth operations are expected to contribute further to low-cost debt-spilling, with a profit-bearing liability of 1. Ningbo Bank (002142.sz) reporting in the first quarter of 2022.
As of the beginning of the year, the rate of badness, concern and delay was the same as at the beginning of the year, and is expected to remain relatively good in the community.
The rate is lower than at the beginning of the year, but personal operations are expected to be the result of a decline in the short-term debt-servicing capacity of the population affected by the epidemic, and the quality of assets is expected to improve further as the impact of the epidemic fades.
The growth rate of revenue growth has recovered, while other non-interest-bearing income growth has been significant; micro-business deposits, lending have been strong and fiscal management has been well advanced; credit growth has remained strong, highlighting the dynamism of the region ' s economy; and, despite the narrow harvest in the first half of the year, the contraction is expected to subside; and asset quality has remained excellent, with the provision thickness still ahead of schedule.
\triangleright Figure 1: Ningpo Bank ' s performance as at 22h1 increased on a year-on-year basis Figure 2: Ningpo Bank ' s net interest income as at 22h1 increased on a year-on-year basis
Figure 3: Ningpo Bank ' s other non-interest-bearing income as at 22h1 increase on a year-on-year basis Figure 4: Ningpo Bank ' s performance as at 22h1 increase on a year-on-year basis (single season) Figure 10: Ningpo Bank ' s interest rate as at 22h1
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.