The q3 performance elasticity continues to be released: the engineering and machinery industry continues to enjoy a sustained atmosphere, and Xu works for Xu.
Weighting machines and road mechanics have led to an increase in heating and concentration in the beneficiary industries. Cost rates have fallen in the first three quarters, the impact of asset impairment losses has declined significantly, and net interest rates have increased in comparison to the internationalization layout into profit-contribution periods and are expected to expand the lead: companies have exported 2.2 billion in the first half of the year.
According to the national customs data, the export of Xu's brand mainframe and self-exports in the first half of the year were the first to stabilize the industry's domestic brands, and the internationalization layout began its harvest period.
To enrich the high-end equipment product line, to raise market influence along the “one-way” route, to further accelerate the international chemical war, “Su Xu + Ali”, to create the Xu Industrial Clouds, and to match the gepredix industrial cloud platform: Industrial networking is the future direction of manufacturing, with a wide market space and a blue sea market in the country.
A number of initiatives have been launched to promote cloud computing in the industrial sector; there is already experience with the gepredix platform in the business model. We believe that Xu and Ali’s strong team will complement each other’s strengths, and that the national first industrial cloud platform that has been created together is expected to become a new profit growth point for companies in the future.
JANG Ji-jae Wang Xu Engineering Mechanics: Accompanied growth in all types of operations
Xu Engineering Mechanics: The industry has continued and is on its way. Xu Engineering Mechanics: Recovery of the industry's heating acceleration report, Internationalization Xu Engineering Mechanics: Industry's warming back and forth.
Xu Engineering Mechanics: A built-in master industry, a boost in support company industries, one leading product sales, q3 performance elasticity, continuous release of three factors `building + upgrading + export', and the engineering and machinery industry continued to outperform expectations.
In addition, 7,495 cranes (+46.44 per cent) were sold and 845 cranes (+44.20 per cent) were sold. Xu Xu was the leader of the cranes and surface machines, with the city holding the highest position in the industry and fully benefiting the industry.
Lower, net interest rate rises by 2.21 pct on a year-on-year basis, and performance elasticity continues to be released. Second, internationalization moves into a profit-contribution period, with a definite increase in the prospect of expanding the leading advantage.
In the first half of the year, Xu's home-grown and self-employed exports were the first to secure the industry's domestic brand, and the internationalization scheme began to reap. Xu's income doubled in the first six months of manufacturing in Brazil, and revenue from direct sales by cross-border power suppliers continued to double.
The company launched a private stock plan to raise $5.2 billion for projects such as the Indian Engineering and Mechanical Manufacturing Base. Of this, the firm subscribes to 639 million shares, or 38.79% of the total. The business is Sun, China’s China China Energy Corporation, which has long pursued a public diplomacy strategy.
We believe that Xu’s overseas strategy is highly compatible with China’s overseas resources, and that companies can expand their export lead by rapidly expanding market models with China’s overseas influence.
Xu + Ali joined forces to build the Xu Industrial Cloud, which is the future direction for manufacturing industry, and the Quingpredix Industry (i) which is the future direction for manufacturing. “China manufactures 2025” is China's ambitious plan to move from a major manufacturing country to a major manufacturing country.
The integration of industry and the Internet is a central element of the plan’s success. Through industrial cloud platforms, firms can integrate dispersed information resources, display more intensive and coordinated management features, significantly increase the use of production facilities and reduce manufacturing performance, thereby enhancing overall manufacturing competitiveness.
Policy additions promote industrial clouds as a new engine for upgrading manufacturing transformation. According to the Guidance for Deepening Manufacturing and Internet Integration and the Three-Year Action Plan for the Development of Cloud Computation (2017-2019), by the end of 2015 the number of users of industrial cloud enterprises doubled, the research and development cycle for new products was reduced by 12%, stock turnover increased by 25%, and energy utilization increased by 25%.
According to the Accenture report, the size of the global industrial Internet market is about $20 billion in 2012 and is expected to reach $500 billion in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of more than 49%. Although there were few industrial cloud platforms in operation in the country, it was based on the country’s well-developed industrial and cloud computing systems, as well as large domestic ones.
With a strong will for industry at 4.0, it is judged that the domestic industry of industrial networking will grow in an explosive fashion in a few years. (ii) The path to successful transformation of the standard predix is likely to be replicated.
In 2016, Gedigital contributed $3.6 billion in business earnings to the group.
Ali Yun + Xu = China’s predix. Ali Baba is the third largest global cloud computing service provider with strong software development and technology; Xu has many years of industry experience in the equipment and engineering manufacturing industries and has developed a complete system of research, production, supply, distribution, and integration of value chain information, with 150 t of industrial big data.
Industrial design, smart manufacturing, energy efficiency management, smart service wiring, flexible production, and China’s first industrial cloud platform. According to the plan, the Xu Industrial Internet will achieve: (1) the digitalization of Xu, based on the cloud platform, for export to both domestic and external enterprises; and (2) the deployment of co-design clouds, crowd creation, e-commerce, global goods networking, and socialization based on the cloud platform.
In our view, Xu is the first industrial networking company in the engineering and machinery industry, working with the country’s cloud-calculating Dragon Ali, with a pre-eminence that highlights the management’s long-term vision.
In the Blue Sea market, Xu-man’s initiative to promote the new platform, with his own technology deposits and tmt manufacturers, is expected to replicate the success of the predix and become a new profit growth point, providing a constant incentive for long-term enterprise development. Capital investment has increased at a slower rate than expected; raw-material prices have fluctuated; industry competition has deteriorated; and targeted growth programmes have not been adopted.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data