Transport planning is on track and the demand for engineering and machinery is on the rise - report on the assessment of Xu's machinery (000425) The National Conference on Transport was held on 25 December and established 5,000 new highways in 2018
kilometre target. On 20 December, the company issued an announcement for $12 million to establish, together with 17 natural persons such as Daejong Peak in Xuzhou, Xu, the Electronic Commerce Company Ltd. for the sale of mechanical and electrical products and spare parts such as engineering machinery, second-hand vehicle sales, self-employment and brokering of imports and exports of various goods and technologies; business information consultancy; Internet technology development and applications

The company’s recent announcement of investment in the establishment of the Xu Engineering Electric Company is a positive sign that engineering machines have embraced the Internet. With the advantage of the Internet, the company has accelerated the expansion of international markets, complementing traditional distribution channels, and promoting the transformation of its traditional international trade operations; on the other hand, through mutual interaction.
The Unit, in contrast to the 300-year-old trend, has accelerated the exploration of post-Overseas market patterns, such as used cars, spare parts, leasing, etc., and has fostered new profit growth points. The surge is expected to increase, with high-end equipment and India’s projects to be expected.
Seven projects, such as the Smart Subsoil Construction and Equipment Project, are expected to speed up the distribution of additional funds. Fund-raising will enrich the company’s product lines and will expand the company’s business areas; The Indian Base Building Project will provide a firm basis for the company to open up the market, further irradiating South-East Asia, China, from the Indian market.
From the point of view of the supply side, and against the backdrop of rising steel prices and the tightening of environmental protection, Matsushi announced that the entire fleet of Chinese aircraft would make price increases and that while it was not certain that firms in the industry would be able to make full price increases, others were digging.
At the demand side, the 25th National Conference on Transport, which identified a target of 5,000 km for new highways in 2018, increased the mileage by the same year. According to provincial plans for highway construction during the 13th Five-Year Plan,
It is expected that nearly 50,000 kilometres will be added to the country, that in 2020 the highway may reach 170,000 additional vehicles, that the demand for engineering and mechanical products such as excavators and cranes will continue to warm, and that, in a situation where downstream supply is still strained, the excavator industry is expected to follow a pattern of rising prices that will drive the overall sales of engineering and mechanical products to continue the trend of high growth.
(b) In January-November, 126298 excavators were sold cumulatively, an increase of 99.2 per cent over the same period, with the city accounting for 7.5 per cent in 16 years.
III. Profit forecasting and investment proposals, focusing on the revaluation of the value of national enterprises 25x, 21x and 17x, and maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
The project is planned to be launched, and the engineering machine will benefit from a sustained increase in card sales at the rate of 20171204 ng.
Growth is slower than expected, new business expansion is slow, up to the 2015 high, pulling lang equipment investment, corporate financial statement data projections are summarized
Liu Zhenyu, head of the large mechanical team, master's degree in materials, Beijing University of Science and Technology.
In 2017, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.