Performance is largely in line with expectations, and dcu products continue to overlap. Sealight Information (688041.sh) • High-profile long-term corporate development and maintenance of “buy-in” ratings
Taking into account the weak demand for downstream industrial credit, we lower the 2023 net profit return forecast at $1,177 million, 77.5 per cent, 56.6 per cent, taking into account the company ' s leading and scarce position in the national production of cpu and dcu, maintaining high-quality performance and significantly increasing profitability
(1) During the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved operating income of 3,943 million yuan, an increase of 3.22 per cent, a net return to the mother of 902 million yuan, an increase of 38.27 per cent. Of this amount, the q3 quarter achieved operating income of 1,331 million yuan, an increase of 3.17 per cent, a net return to the mother of 224 million yuan, an increase of 27.23 per cent, which is largely in line with the forecast.
Increased corporate profitability was promoted by the launch of the new product Sealight III. (3) Net cash flow of $544 million, a significant improvement over the previous year, due to the increase in cash received for the sale of commodities and a decrease in cash outflows from operating activities. (4) It is a matter of concern that, as at the end of September, the company ' s advances were in the order of $544 million.
1,851 million dollars, mainly due to the increase in raw material purchases and strategic reserve advances. Quality 2 has been successfully released, well matched with mainstream models at home and abroad. Quality 2 has been released and commercialized. Quality 2 has been achieved in large data processing, artificial intelligence.
Commercial applications in areas such as energy, commercial computing, full-precision float-point data and a variety of common integer data Compute, with a doubling of performance versus deep-calculation number one, while well counting that R & D number 3 is progressing well.
It is well equipped to achieve the full application of the large models represented by llama, gpt, bloom, chhatglm, Gospel, Yung Tung and Yung Tung, from which dcu has reached the country's leading water risk and market competition risk.