The company released its third quarter report in 2023. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved business.
Income from the industry was 3,943 million yuan, an increase of 3.22 per cent in the same year; net profit from the return to the mother is 902 million yuan, and higher profit growth from the increase in the Māori rate is driven by higher levels of investment in research and development. q3 quarter, the public sector achieved business income of 1,331 million yuan. +3.17 per cent in the same year: net profit from the return to the mother is 224 million.
The Māori rate for the company q3 quarter was 56.23%, an increase of 9.42pt. The main reason is that the company's new product Sealight 3 was placed on the market and fully recognized by its clients, but it is now the main product of cpu, which has led to a significant increase in the Māori rate, which is driving it.
Net profits have increased significantly. At the cost side, the company q3 quarter R & D cost 442 million yuan, sustained growth, accelerated implementation of the project, and currently Sealight 5, Deep Count 3 R & D total market value/flow (million yuan)
In addition, the sales and management costs of q3 companies have remained largely stable. Discount number two, dcu, is expected to be an opportunity in a wave of national production of the ai chip.
Sealight Information (688041) Businesses in the field of profitability, commercial computing, etc.
See integer data computing capability, with performance over 100% higher than deep-calculation No. 1. Sealight 2023/08/29 dcu compatible with the “cuda” ecology, which matches most of the mainstream models, both domestic and foreign, such as Mandarin.
Sealight Information (688041) Cpu+dcu double wheels are good. Ettodcu can achieve high performances driven by llama, gpt, bloom, chhatgm, sensitisation, violet, and is expected to benefit.
Full application of a model that is too early to represent. Large domestic model training is now largely based on British tides -- 2023/04/27 Weida chips, in the context of the continued tightening of the U.S. export of British dagpu to our country, the sea.
Sealight Information (688041) Keeping the performance up, the national production of the ai chip represented by lightdcu is expected to meet alternative opportunities for national production.
Investment proposals: The company is active in constructing a software and hardware ecological chain for sealight cpu and dcu, with significant ecological advantages and localized competitive advantages, with good prospects for development in the context of the wave of trust and ai. Given the slow pace of bidding in 23 years, this is adjusted to take into account the company’s three-quarterly reporting performance.
Māori upturns drive profit growth, products keep up to date Profit projections and financial indicators: Māori upturns drive profit growth, products keep up to date
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.