86 architecture cpu, a scarce manufacturer, Sealight 3 became the main sales product: the company's main business is research.
High-end processors in devices such as servers, workstations, etc. are used for distribution, design and sale. Company products include sealight general processors (cpu) and sealight co-processing processors (dcu). Sealight cpu series products compatible with the X86 command set and mainstream international operating systems and applications, software and hardware are ecologically rich and perform well.
The new products introduced in the year, fully recognized by clients, have led to a good start, leading to a steady increase in corporate operating income and a further increase in profitability. The research and development of the company’s next generation of cpu-based products, Sealight 4 and Sealight 5 are also being carried out.
Sealight information is progressing well. Sealight cpu has three main technical advantages: one is excellent product performance, and sealight cpu allows advanced soc architecture based on advanced processor microstructures and cache layers, high-frequency design techniques.
And on the web, more processors are integrated into the core, making the product performance superior; second, good system compatibility, sealight cpu can accommodate basic and extensive industrial applications such as domestic and foreign mainstream operating systems, databases, intermediates, etc.; third, high system security. According to the idc report, China 2021
Server market output reached 4.120,000, an increase of 9.6 per cent in the same year; vendor revenue reached $26.45 billion, an increase of 15.4 per cent in the same year, with x86 server vendor revenue reaching $25.460 billion, an increase of 15.2 per cent in the same year by the type of processor; and lrisc/epic server vendor revenue reached $250 million, a decrease of 36.5 per cent in the same year;
The revenue of the cicc server vendor reached $160 million, an increase of 31.7 per cent over the same period; the income of the arm server vendor reached $570 million, an increase of 85.4 per cent over the same period, and we believe that the company ' s cpu product has a large market space that would benefit significantly from the large industrial trend of increasing national production substitution penetration.
Sun Peak has arrived, and the prospects for dcu's continuous upgrading are promising: the sea light dcu is one of the gpgpus. Cuda is a common parallel computing architecture introduced by nvidia and contains a set of instructions for nvidiagpu.
The sea light dcu processor is fully compatible with rocmgpu computing ecology because of the high ecological and programming environmental similarities between rocm and cuda.
Users can move quickly to the rocm platform at a lower cost, so the rocm is also referred to as the “cuda class.” Thus, the sealight dcco processor can be better adapted to international mainstream commercial computing software and artificial intelligence, software rich in ecology, software and hardware, and can be widely applied to large-scale data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, etc.
In the field of intensive applications, deployed mainly in server clusters or data centres, which provide high performance, energy efficiency and arithmetic for applications and support high complexity and high throughput data-processing tasks. The release of the large model, represented by chhatgpt, has led to yet another round of major developments in the ai industry, which we consider to be at the core of algorithms, data and so on.
Arithmetic is an inevitable consequence of the three fundamentals of the development of the ai. The development of large domestic models is slower than overseas as a whole, but driven by policy, capital, industry, etc. Large models move faster.
Motivated energy, coupled with the development of large vertical models, the application of large models is the key to opening up greater growth space. According to a summary of investors’ research published by the company on 19 September 2023, most large models, both domestic and foreign, are well-suited and can be achieved on the basis of a llama, gpt, etc.
In the area of the Internet, the company’s dcu product has been certified by 100% of Internet companies, including Ali, and a joint programme has been launched to build a national foundation for all-round hardware and software.
The company's Deep Count 2 has been released and commercialized, and Deep Count 2 has achieved commercial applications in areas such as large data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, full-precision float-point data and a variety of common integer data computing capabilities, with a doubling of performance relative to Deep Count 1. Deep Count 3 is progressing well.
Given that the company is the leader of the national product of the x86 architecture cpu,1 given that the message is currently in the pilot-to-extension phase and despite short-term industry pressures, space is still large,2 and the demand for the ai chip from training to reasoning is expected to continue to flourish, taking into account the age of the ai.
We have selected cpu, soc chips, which are already on the market in the country, as comparable companies, among which: the main business in the heart is the development, sale and servicing of the services of the service and the supporting chip, the main products and services being the processor and the package products and the basic hardware and software solutions business; and the main business in the Great Wall of China is the computing industry, system equipment and other operations, and the company's participation in the business.
Flyington is committed to the design and industrialization of high-performance, low-power, generic computing microprocessors in a series of fly-on-the-boards: Snickers, one of the leading alotsoc chip-design companies in the country, has been recognized by high-tech companies, the National Enterprise Technology Centre, as having a deep technological base and extensive industrial market experience for more than two decades.
The average value is 115.42 times and 71.76 times, respectively, and the sealight information perpene is less than the comparable corporate average. Considering that the company is a national producer of 86 blocks of cpu, the cpu+dcu continues to be upgraded and is covered for the first time, with an increase-a recommendation.