State-made high-end processor upgrades, Sealight IV launch, November 01, 2023 incident: On October 31, 2023, at 14 p.m., the Sealight message was launched at Beijing.
\triangleright Downstream demand is gradually warming and performance is on the increase. \triangleright was achieved in 2023 by the company's product, Sealight III. \triangleright
After marketing, performance meets market upgrading needs, is more competitive, and enhances the profitability of companies, thereby achieving faster growth in corporate performance. Companies achieved revenues of $3.943 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 3.22% in the previous quarter, and net return returns of $902 million, an increase of 38.27% in the previous three quarters.
The net interest rate is 30.86%, and the ring ratio is down by 7.74 pct. As the semiconductor market demand is warming and the country’s core technology is being nationalized, demand for priority products, such as cpu, gpu and servers, has increased in many industries, and the excellent performance of the sealight cpu and dcu series has boosted the corporate sector.
The command set and the international mainstream operating systems and applications have complete hardware and software ecology that can be applied to high-end servers such as cloud computing, low-end servers in business and education, and peripheral computing servers.
The Division brought about performance growth with the launch of Sealight IV on 31 October 2023, which for the first time introduced a self-research microstructure of cpu, which helped to accelerate the process of nationalization of core instruments and, when released, enabled the firm to secure its position in the IT industry, further boost corporate performance and maintain its leading edge, and Sealight V is currently in the research and development phase.
The performance will continue to evolve, and the market space will be huge. Research and development investment will continue to grow, with cpu and dcu working together.
Progress has been made in the implementation of the project, the cost of materials and technology validation has increased faster, most products have entered the certification stage, and research and development is progressing well.
Sealight Information (688041.sh) reported a mid-2023 rating of 100 per cent or more, achieving commercialization applications in areas such as big data, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, etc. The dcu series of products compatible with the generic “cuda” environment, based on the gpgpu structure, is already 100 per cent
The company continues to distribute its cpu and dcu series of products with 2. Sealight Information (688041.sh) reporting in the first quarter of 2023, accelerating ecological construction and building technical barriers.
Review: 1q23 performance was impressive, cpu+dcu co-development 2023/04/26 Investment proposal: firm performance increased robustly in the first three quarters, but we revised it down to take account of the pace of delivery by clients
Increased performance compared to the previous year, sealight III achieved better demand for bulk sales and 2023, downstream company client operators, finance, energy, etc. issued procurement needs, beneficiary countries 4. Sealight information (688041.sh) covered the first report: letter
Substitution and downstream aigc increase in demand for arithmetical power, maintaining a “recommended” rating. A hard-core tap, 2022/08/24, methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, produces the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.