q1's new single year-on-year growth is over 20%, and downstream innovation needs are warming up.
Laboratory service rings are back up, and small molecules cdmo have signed a single high-speed growth. Laboratory services have been signed at \triangleright q1 laboratory operations by more than 10% on a single-year basis, with companies doing laboratories in Shanghai, Ningbo, etc.
Integration to increase scale effects and to actively expand emerging areas such as oligonucleic acid, polythyroids, antibodies, and adc. Small molecule cdmo achieved $582 million in q1 in 2024, a 2.67% decline in comparison, mainly due to the cost of the cmc module ' s re-establishment in 23q4 and the increase in the number of Chinese and British personnel.q1cdmo ' s new signature
There is a 40% increase in orders over the same year, with downstream demand showing a positive return. Clinical research is well advanced, and big molecules and cgt plates are under pressure for a short period of time.
In 2024, q1 earned $392 million, an increase of 4.60 per cent over the same year, and overseas clinical and domestic smo service-driven income steadily increased; the rate of Maori rose by 9.32 per cent in the quarter, a decrease of 4.70 pts compared to the previous year; increased competition in the domestic clinical cro industry led to a decrease in the Māori rate and some pressure on order prices.
In 2024, q1 income amounted to $91 million, a 4.15 per cent decline over the same period, of which the genetic treatment cdmo continued to increase.
New capacity-building - 2024/03/28 2. Conlon conversion (300759.sz) in-depth reporting: platform-type
Increased demand from clients releases positive signs of warmth, maintaining year-round growth guidelines. From the current policy environment, \triangleright internationalizes cxo, new business continues to expand and not operate.
As we can see, the country’s support for the innovative pharmaceutical industry is very clear, and the provinces and cities are introducing specific support policies for the innovative pharmaceutical industry, which has improved its production by 2024/03/07. The global client list and visits of q1 companies in 2024 are warmer than in the same period last year.
The goal of a 10 per cent increase in revenue will remain unchanged and will be based on confidence in future development and the preservation of corporate values. Buy back shares with a total value of not less than $200 million and not more than $300 million a share, all written off.
The line of command will drive business growth. We expect the company to achieve business income in 2024-2026 to produce research findings, produce the report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval, influence, and the researchers have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.