Conlon into (3759.hk/300759.ch): 1q24 did not perform as expected, but the newly signed single-increment faster than expected and the adjusted mother-to-child net profit was lower than we expected: (1) less income than expected, mainly due to industry
Weak financing and company integration of laboratory services in Shanghai and Ningpo/Beijing areas, closing down Shanghai regional laboratories; (2) adjusted net return profits for non-ifrs are significantly lower than expected, in addition to the one-time loss due to the closure of Shanghai regional laboratories (approximately RMB 44 million),
• Depending on factors such as rising staff costs (mainly from newly employed staff in 2h23), changes in the fair value of biological assets, reduced returns (1 q24 with no gain vs. 1q2326 million), higher financial costs • The income from laboratory services in 1q24 is roughly equal to the Māori ratio, but the other three
Each plate recorded a decline in income and a decline in the Māori ratio, respectively: (1) at the end of income, except for the same-year rise in income achieved by clinical research services (+4.6 per cent yoy), the remaining three plates recorded a decline in income (cgt: -4.1 per cent yoy, laboratory services: -2.9 per cent yoy, cmc: -2.7 per cent yoy).
The ring comparison shows that laboratory services are basically equal to 4 q23 (+0.9% qoq), cmc, clinical studies, except for laboratory service plate rings, which are generally equal, with varying degrees of decline in the Maori rate per plate, and cgt plates, which are most pronounced (-26.9 pptsoy, -27.6 pptsqoq)
The Māori rate is largely driven by higher costs due to the increase in the number of employees. • 1q24 Newly signed single-year increase of 20% + and the company maintained its annual income increase of 10% + the same target: 1q24 Total new signed single-year increase of 20% + including new single-year increases in laboratory services
10% + cmc new signing of services increased by 40% on a year-on-year basis, benefiting mainly from the increased number of overseas client enquiries, which contributed to the positive growth of early signing of new projects and to the forward movement of existing cmc projects. Management indicated that, with a more stable price, the company’s laboratory service operations and cmc
Conlon became (300759.ch) the global market share of early projects has increased, and management believes that the biosafety bill will have little impact on the company’s operations. The new bill is expected to be translated into revenue, and laboratory services will be collected.
• Investment risk: Unexpected growth in income and project orders, Māori rate, net profit
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: corporate growth is not as high as expected.
: Company growth is better than expected, demand for new project orders is weak;
Pessimistic scenario: corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected Weak demand for new project orders;
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of the report, P.S.I.S. International and P.I., expressed and guaranteed his right to receive this report under the following conditions, and agreed to do so:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is compiled by the Group Information and other public information that is used by the Card Corps-Pulse International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as the International Securities of Pilgrim), which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.