The component material seizes the opportunity to expand, with high value for money products looking forward to an increase of 21.7 per cent, with net profit of 0.76 dollars per share, an increase of 20.6 per cent in the same year, resulting in a turnover of the company in the fourth quarter (million shares)
The market for products fills the shortfall in overseas supply, and the increase in market share is driven by growth on a scale: the company's supply of materials throughout the year 2018 is in short supply, overseas suppliers are not able to produce enough, and domestic high-quality brand manufacturers are given a rapid expansion.
Market share opportunities. Companies, as domestic competitive producers, benefit fully from the growth of industry markets, leading to a significant expansion in the scale of their operations.
• The Māori rate has recovered steadily and the cost rate has remained stable and manageable; the Māori rate for companies increased by 5.6 percentage points in 2018 to 54.2 per cent over the same period. A breakdown of the market shows that, despite a small decline in Māori rates, electronic component materials are still slightly higher than for other products, and therefore, in the course of a significant increase in income size, Māori for the company as a whole.
Rates also have a positive impact. Other products have remained largely stable. In terms of cost rates, the public sector has increased its R & D and management rates and, in the context of the continued expansion of the product lines and the increase in the size of the staff, the company’s cost inputs have increased accordingly, but remain manageable overall.
In 2019, there was a sustained growth in business growth and development, and high value for money remained the main thrust: for the development strategy for 2019 and the future of business, the implementation of the "Small Generation, Reserve Generation, Research Generation, Research Generation" was continued.
On the product side, the company continues to increase the performance of the porcelain appearances by lightening and intensity, while upgrading the process and reducing the cost. Elements such as mlcc continue to improve the supply system, in three rings: a high increase in the second quarter, with the expectation of ceramic production.
Market share expansion has been steadily moving forward, with semiconductor materials dominated by enhanced value for money, and a focus on material supply development to build company competitiveness. According to the company’s performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019, the third ring group in 2019: revenue collection continues to rise, with ceramic appearances.
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies is expected to fall by 15 ~0 per cent in a year-on-year period, with a profit of $214 ~251 million. The company is expected to be affected by the slowdown in demand across the electronics industry, the sale of semiconductor components and electronic component materials products.
There is optimism about the competitiveness of firms in the product market, but the electronic component materials market has returned to three rings in the industry market: the year-round performance is robust, the appearance brings about rationality, and the significant growth of the communications market still requires investment of 5 g, thus increasing uncertainty.
The company ' s sales earnings increased by $3.75 billion in 2018, or 19.8 per cent in the same year, and the Māori rate rose by 54.2 per cent, or 5.6 percentage points in the same year, resulting in a net profit of $1.32 billion attributable to the parent company, an increase of 21.7 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $0.76 per share, or a rise in the same year.
20.6%. The company is mainly engaged in electronic ceramic components and suppliers of their basic materials, and the products are used in electronics, communications, consumer electronics, industrial electronics and new energy sources. Thanks to technological capabilities and brand competitiveness, the company gained a steady growth in market share in 2018.
(i) A steady growth in revenue collection in 2018 and its suppliers of basic materials, whose products were used in the fields of electronics, communications, consumer-type electronics, industrial electronics and new energy sources. The company gained an effective share of electronic materials in 2018, thanks to technological capabilities and brand competitiveness.
The net profits of shareholders belonging to listed companies were 1.32 billion yuan, an increase of 21.7 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 0.76 dollars per share, an increase of 20.6 per cent over the same period, and the profit growth rate was largely in line with the income growth rate. There has been a steady small increase in both the profitability indicators.
The turnover rate, except for higher inventories, has remained largely flat. The company’s Roe rose 0.5 (ii) cents in 2018 by four quarters of 2018 with low market demand and a flat profit.
In the fourth quarter of 2018, the company achieved operating income of 914 million yuan, a 10.1 per cent decline in the same year, and a net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company of 387 million yuan, a 0.7 per cent increase in the same year. In the fourth quarter, demand slowed down in the downstream markets of the industry, the overall market environment deteriorated, the prices of electronic parts products went down as a result of the impact of the stock, and the volume and profit growth of the company was significantly lower than the full year.
Figure 9: Operating income and growth rates over the past 12 quarters
But the company’s cost control is ideal, leading to an increase in the Māori rate. In terms of cost rates, the company’s investment in R&D costs and management costs continues in the process of business expansion, but the overall cost rates are manageable, based on comparable caloric sales rates, management costs (combined R&D rates), financial costs at 1.7%, 12.4% and 0.4%, respectively.
In 2018, companies increased substantially in their product-earning structure in electronic component material products, and market demand expanded and foreign production was undersupplied, with firms gaining a higher share of the market in terms of their competitiveness in terms of technological capabilities and brand effects, while the Māori ratio remained largely stable by product segment. By market, the company’s overseas operations grew at a higher rate than in the country, with Māori rates showing a positive upward trend.
(i) The rapid expansion of electronic component materials, with the return of semiconductor materials to the Māori ratio. The distribution of products in 2018 showed an increase of 95.2 per cent, or 36.4 per cent, of electronic component materials in the corporate product group, which is a central factor contributing to performance growth. Traditional product communications components maintain stability in the scale of operations, while semiconductor components maintain a steady level of activity.
Companies have gained an effective market share by replacing electronic components and materials with low capacity to produce foreign products of the same kind, thereby increasing their income. With regard to the product breakdown of Maori, the major product electronics have fallen by 4.1 and 4.2 percentage points, and the main electronic components of communications have fallen slightly.
In contrast, semiconductors and other products have risen, generally stable, and changes in the combined Māori rate have been largely influenced by changes in product structure. (ii) Overseas markets have grown significantly, with increased profitability.
With regard to the Māori rate, Māori rates have also increased steadily in both domestic and foreign markets, with rising income levels, in line with (iii) future development strategies and business plans: increasing value for money for existing products and expanding new companies to continue to pursue innovative and pro-cyclical development strategies for “mass generation, reserve generation, research generation, research generation”.
Specific business plans for 2019 include: Ceramic Appearances: The strength of the cellular Ceramic Appearances will be continuously increased, the back caps will be lightened and the production process will continue to be upgraded to reduce the cost of products.
Electronic component material: 1) upgrading of mlcc product performance to meet market demand; 2) elimination of the development and production of electronic component material formulation set specifications and improvement of the supply system Semiconductor material 1) continuous promotion of new products, new specifications for ceramic envelopes, continuous upgrading of the process and reduction of production costs; 2)
(iv) Performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019: year-on-year acceleration - 15 per cent ~ 0 per cent, compared to $251 million for the same period last year. During the corporate disclosure forecast period, it was affected by the slowdown in demand in the electronics industry as a whole, during the reporting period
The sales of the company's semiconductor parts and electronics products have followed the decline. Thirdly, profit projections and investment suggest that we remain optimistic about the company's competitiveness in the product market, but the market for electronics in the industry market has returned.
Sex, and the significant growth of the communications market still requires investment of 5 g, so uncertainty increases. We predict the company ' s profit projections from 2019 to 2019, based mainly on the assumption that: (a) the price growth of electronic component materials is expected to return to a rational level in 2019, with the output of products at the point of delivery.
In terms of Māori, the combined Māori rate level is largely influenced by changes in product structure, with a breakdown of operational aspects: 1) electronic components
In terms of costs, companies will continue to invest in product R & D and market channels, but as the scale of their operations expands, they will continue to do so.
The overall cost of scale effects is expected to decrease the cost of R & D inputs. Companies’ input into production capacity and new products is expected to stabilize gradually, the overall cost is expected to decline, the main product lines are largely configured, and the future will be a process of realization and output.
(a) Increased market competition as a result of the increased supply of major products markets;
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data