行 全
10%
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Shengyi Technology (600183CH)
BUY (Maintain)
4Q20 miss on slower 5G and cost pressure;
Target Price
Expect gradual GPM recovery in 1H21E
(Previous TP
RMB 33.69)
Up/Downside
+26.2%
Shengyi Tech announced FY20 preliminary results with revenue/net profit of
Current Price
RMB14,687mn/1,663mn, up 11%/14% YoY, and earnings is 12%/10% below
our/consensus estimates. By 4Q20, revenue/net profit grew +6%/-11.6% YoY.
China Technology Sector
We believe the miss is mainly due to 1) weak telecom demand on slower 5G
deployment in 4Q20 and 2) margin pressure with copper price hike given delayed
Alex Ng
cost transfer to downstream clients. We cut FY20-22E estimates by 10-13% to
reflect more conservative assumptions, and trimmed our TP to RMB29.45 based
Lily Yang
quarters given that CCL price will start to rise in 1Q21E. Maintain BUY.
Weaker 4Q20 due to slower 5G deployment and cost hike. With over 30%
revenue exposure to telecom segment (2019: 30% of CCL, 47% of PCB), we
believe the miss was mainly due to 1) weaker telecom demand with soft 5G
Stock Data
BTS deployment in 4Q20, and 2) lower gross margin given delay of cost
transfer (e.g. copper) to downstream clients. Given continued copper price
hike, we expect Shengyi will start to raise CCL ASP in 1Q21E, and gross
margin will gradually improve in FY21E.
Capacity expansion of prepreg and CCL to drive future growth. Shengyi
announced a new project last week to add 11.4mn sq m capacity for CCL
Shareholding Structure
and 36mn m capacity for prepreg. Total investment is RMB945mn which will
months, and production will start in 3Q22E. Shengyi expected new capacity
to generate RMB1,319mn/143mn revenue/net profit each year. The new
Share Performance
product lines will cover HDI, 5G communications, consumer electronics, auto
and wearables. We believe it will help Shengyi to diversify revenue sources
and accelerate expansion into consumer electronics and automobile markets.
Maintain BUY with new TP of RMB29.45. We trimmed our FY20-22E EPS
Source: Bloomberg
by 10-13% and lower TP to RMB29.45 (same 30x FY21/P/E), reflecting more
12-mth Price Performance
conservative revenue and margin assumptions. Trading at 23.8x FY21E P/E,
close to 1-sd below historical P/E, the stock is attractive in our view. Near-
term catalysts include increase in CCL price and 5G BTS tenders. Potential
risks include slower-than-expected transfer of material costs and delay in 5G
upgrades.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: GP CPAs
Recent Reports:
China 5G Technology - Picking structural
winners amid uncertainties; Initiate at
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
4Q20 Review
Figure 2: 4Q20 results review
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Forecasts revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 5: P&L forecasts
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Valuation
Maintain BUY and lower TP to RMB29.45 (26% upside)
We trimmed our TP to RMB29.45 based on same 30x FY21E P/E, in line with 1-year
historical forward P/E. We believe this is justified as the stock has been mostly trading on
26-36x EPS. We estimate 26% EPS FY20-23E CAGR, backed by 23% revenue CAGR
given that 1) next phase of 5G tenders is believe to resume soon, 2) GPM will improve as
CCL's ASP is expected to increase to reflect the material cost pressure and 3) new capacity
for pregreg/CCL/PCB and the diversification in downstream applications. Potential risks
include slower-than-expected transfer of material costs and delay in 5G upgrades.
Figure 6: Peers' valuation
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time)("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.