The regional expansion continues to grow, the regional expansion continues, the tri-quarterly review of East Peng beverages (605499) 2021 continues, and the regional expansion continues, with long-term growth in channels.
\triangleright +19.3 per cent \triangleright +19.3 per cent \triangleright \triangleright \ \triangleright \ \ \triangleright \ \ \ \ \ \ \triangleright \
In addition, in July, the company announced the creation of Changsha, Shenzhen, Xiao, and the end-of-the-office company, compared to the 300-year-old, which together supported the expansion of the company’s nationalization in terms of capacity and management.
The Māori rate is phased, net interest rates have improved slightly, product restructuring and white sugar costs have increased. 21.3% of 21q3 sales, corresponding to -1.6 pct, mainly by companies. (2) The net interest rate has improved slightly: the parent rate of 21q3 is 17.1%, compared to +0.4 pct, prognosis.
This is mainly due to reduced cost-side investment. The medium-term slowdown in competition has continued, with product-based expansion fostering a second-growth curve High double-digit growth: slower competition: we believe that the impact of red cow price competition on the East Pony due to differences in consumption groups
Smaller, but also competing competitors such as Battle Horses and Lodges are currently subject to internal channels adjustment, and companies are in the midst of a less competitive strategic window. In the long run, the product fission: the company has in recent years developed a higher end of steam and sugar, announced in July the launch of the B-Vitamin B beverages, and the product lines are getting better; and the product is expanding: the company introduced the “rolling latte” in September.
The Bureau is the coffee market, and according to the research and development project of the offer book, we believe that the company’s future or entry of functional beverage “tracks” (product properties, consumer groups, and energy beverages are similar) is expected to replicate the experience of a single product that has matured as a “drink” – a company with comparable shares, Li Quan, and an average of 37 x (wind) for 22 years.
Three years of complex growth in performance is expected to reach 30%, with a relatively scarce high growth of the beverage plate, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Regional expansion and down-dipping effect are significant, with increased industry competition leading to higher-than-expected costs, falling demand in the sector, food safety, etc.
2. Orang Beverage (605499), semi-annual 2021 performance forecast: 21o2 high income, increased forecast of company financial statements
Liu Guangmi, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, and Master of Economics. Joined the Institute of Private Securities in 2020, covering, inter alia, spices, functional beverages, dairy plates. Authors with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,