+19.3 per cent of the three-quarter revenue, slower than expected, net profit + 21.9 per cent of the profit margin.
The three-quarterly review of East Peng's beverages is back to normal. (1) Camp harvests are slowing down, and we judge that, with the better completion of the target tasks in the previous three quarters, there is little incentive for the delivery of goods from the various distribution areas. (2) 3q21 Māori ratio
(c) Large promotions, grant-making and higher costs; company sales of new products, with a relatively low rate of Maori for new products; and price increases for the purchase of white sugar in the bulk of raw materials in the third quarter. (3) In terms of cost rates, the overall cost rate is relatively stable, with 3q21 selling at 21.3 per cent, compared to 1.6 pt;
The region outside Guangdong continued to grow at a high rate, with non-energy beverages selling at a positive rate. (1) In the marketing area, the Guangdong region earned 900 million yuan in three quarters, i.e. + 8.8 per cent in the same year; the national region (excluding the direct-camp channel) generated 750 million yuan, i.e. + 31.1 per cent in the same year; and the direct-camp channel generated 220 million yuan, i.e. + 35 per cent in the same period.
The region outside Guangdong has continued to grow at a high rate, with rising incomes and corporate nationalization strategies beginning to show. (2) On the product side, energy beverages generated $1.79 billion in three quarters, or +19.9 per cent, and non-energy beverages generated $86 million, or +16.3 per cent, kept growing robustly and non-energy.
This is a positive change in the income growth loop, which we judge to be related to the volume of new products, such as the East Ping-Peng-Pang. While the focus has been on the promotion of the main product, the company has increased its efforts to create new products, and products such as no sugar, East Pang-Pang, Big Café, etc. have further enriched the company’s product matrix.
Outlook: The two main growth poles of functional beverages and out-of-town markets remain unchanged. (1) The energy beverage industry is growing robustly, and major competitors are still affected by trademark disputes, releasing growth space for other competitors.
Broad consumers will support growth in performance. (2) The country’s markets have great scope for growth and are still in the start-up phase, with companies actively laying out products, channels, supply chains, branding, etc., and good corporate channels to expand + product upgrading development routes and maintain higher ratings.
Beverages in East Peng: A strong expansion of the main sales product + channels, the promotion of new products, the lack of market openings and increased competition in the industry.
" East Poon Beverage: Increased Costs, Increased Channels " .
Food and beverages: Beverage manufacture