Intra-provincial solid base, extra-provincial stubble speeds up sales of beverages (6054999) are ahead of schedule, anchoring year-round growth.
\triangleright's income remained stable for the first three quarters, and the year-round growth was anchored. As the third quarter was a season of traditional sales, companies increased their promotion, grant-making efforts, and added up to a relatively low Māori sales rate for new items, raw materials and white materials.
Impacts such as higher prices for sugar purchases, with the Māori ratio of 21q3 having decreased by 1.22 pct to 46.16 per cent on a year-on-year basis, turnover taxes and surcharges having decreased slightly by 0.02 pct to 0.99 per cent on a year-on-year basis, sales costs having decreased by the same year, sales returns of 2,185 million, net operating cash flows of 236 million and cash flows are currently positive.
The company kept a book advance of 866 million, with the ring rising continuously. \triangleright billion, an increase of 26.8 per cent over the same year, while other regions of the country earned 2.4 billion, an increase of 49.8 per cent over the same year.
Near the Guangdong market. With the same growth rates of 72.1 per cent, 62.1 per cent and 91.9 per cent in the North and South and China, respectively, the third largest out-of-town market in the same period last year became the largest out-of-town market, while the North market grew relatively easily due to its small size.
The growth in the number of businesses was also in the forefront in the markets of East, Southwest, and North, with a net increase of 42, 42 and 62 in the first three quarters, respectively, and a faster marketing match to higher income growth. In addition, the net increase in the number of company direct dealers this year was 80, with income of 594 million in the first three quarters, up by 44.7 per cent.
By the end of the three seasons, the company had 2,148 distributors, an increase of 199 compared to the beginning of the year, nationalization and non-energy beverages, which have grown back to normal, and new items have been placed in the city's multi-sport layout. 21q3 energy beverage revenue \triangleright
The annual sales were blocked, and the revenue fell by 32.98 per cent. 21q3 non-energy beverages were sold.
The first is a latte-drinking coffee-curry, which is officially on the way to the coffee track. This new beverages (605499): the target group for the not-so-sweet East is 18 to 35-year-olds, including white collars, students, etc., initially planned in Guangdong.
The product currently has 300 ml and 500 ml, beverages (605499): industrial innovation first direction. According to Ewyn International, the combined income of the coffee market from 2015 to 2020 is growing at the beverage.
The industry is second only to energy beverages, and the unit price is relatively high. Company layouts, such as drinking coffee, can complement existing channels and can make more use of existing advantages and rapidly create new performance growth points.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies propose to contribute in monetary terms due to strategic layout and business development needs
In Beijing, building No. 1 of the 9th Palace of the City of the West Side, 10 million yuan yuan has been set up as a subsidiary of Changsha in conjunction with the construction of the Chinese headquarters and production base in China, which will help companies to speed up their logistics transport and continue to expand northwards.
The Wabing Red Bull is also accelerating the development of the multi-tasking products of the battle horses, the development of Dong Peng outside the Guangdong region, and the pace of nationalization. As the company’s bases of Hua Peng and Ying Ping become operational in the future, the company’s capacity will be released into triangleright
In Shenzhen, the National Commission for Land Planning conducted a study on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.