Three-quarterly reviews in 2021 showed a steady increase in sales and 21.87 per cent in new products; net profit after deduction was $306 million, an increase of 21.02 per cent over the same period; the effects of the epidemic were gradually decreasing, and the annual sales assignments were completed.
The decline was due mainly to a larger base of 21q1 as a result of the bright sales of gold bottles at the beginning of 2021. The harsh environment in which the plant stopped working and traveled less in September has gradually improved, with an increase of 33.16 per cent in fixed assets over the year, an increase of 96.87 per cent in accounts receivable over the year, confirming a steady overall increase.
Cash inflows amounted to nearly $2.2 billion, an increase of 24.62 per cent over the same period, slightly higher than the increase in revenues, mainly affected by quarterly adjustments. Contract liabilities fell, and sales tasks were largely completed this year.
The share has fallen by 4 pct, the share of other distribution areas in the country has risen by about 4 pcct, and the distribution region has become more balanced. Guangdong Guangxi has better indicators of sales, but more importantly, has increased single-store output at 120,000 end-points.
In the run-up to the marketing season, companies have increased their promotions, grant-making and cost increases; (2) increased sales of new products in the third quarter, with a relatively low Māori rate for new products, resulting in a decline in the overall Māori rate in the third quarter; and (3) higher prices for large-scale raw materials for white sugar purchases in the third quarter.
1 East Poon Beverage (605499): The market and management rates have increased by 1.45 pct/0.29 pct on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of high summer marketing inputs and increased staff remuneration.
The company continues to optimize its product structure, entering the main course of coffee, and introducing the first line of latte coffee, the East Pork Café, and other new products.
The Māori rate has declined, but the Tung Poon Cafe is on the verge of a booming season, and the profit forecast and investment rating of the Pro-Contribution Corporation is: the company is expected to exceed its sales target by 2021-2023, owing to the good prospect of a break-down of the energy beverage track and the company's active promotion of new product categories.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board