Growth accelerated, capital spending exceeded expectations, and on February 11, China-Cholel International released a fast-track performance report, with companies earning $10.260 billion in q4 in 2021, an increase of 53.8 per cent, and a net return to mothers of $3.415 billion, an increase of 172.7 per cent, corresponding to the year 2021.
In 2021, the semiconductor manufacturing industry rose in volume, and the company’s \triangleright 8 major platforms became more competitive, with high pressure-driven, mcu, ultra-low-power logic, special storage units.
Quick growth in class income led to a high increase in income. The company earned $10.260 billion in the first quarter of q4 in 2021, a record high of 10.5 per cent ring growth and 53.8 per cent year-on-year growth. In terms of advanced technology, the company finfet and 28nm are steadily moving forward, and platforms for products such as logic, radio frequency, low power consumption, etc. serve smart phones, digital television, roofs, etc.
Smart home and consumer electronic scenes, such as boxes, routers, wifi, and so forth, continue to be fully productive and produce more efficiently. Companies also performed well in 2021, with a 35% Māori q4 and a 1.9 pt increase in the ring, a 17 pt increase compared to the previous year.
Looking ahead, in 2022, companies believe that there are still structural gaps in the incremental markets of trams, medium-end simulations, e.g., capacity capex is overpredicted and expansion is accelerating. In 2021, the company spent $4.5 billion on capital throughout the year, exceeding \triangleright
1. Mid-Crystal International (688981): Central-Crystal maturation process, with capital spending of $5 billion, mainly for the construction of three new plants in Kyoto, Hong Kong, Shenzhen and the expansion of the old plant.
The company’s new production capacity is expected to accelerate with continued strong investment. By the end of 2021, the company’s total output had reached the equivalent of 8 inches, 621,000 a month, the annual expansion had reached the equivalent of 8 inches, 100,000 a month, and the capacity utilization rate of q4 was 99.4 per cent.
In January 2022, the Hong Kong project began its work. The Kyoto, Shenzhen, project is expected to be ready for production by the end of 2022.
Review: The maturation process continues to be full and is expected to be overtaken throughout the year.
The 40/55nm process is in high demand, and it is in the context of the three new smic projects that the focus of production is on expansion.
With continued high capex input, upstream demand for equipment and materials is expected to continue to flourish. More than that, we see the company as the leader of a domestic crystal-crystal factory, and the company will continue to benefit from it.
\triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.