1q22 is optimistic and h shares are undervalued.
Thanks to the high demand for crystal round jobs, the continued expansion and full productivity of their own production, 4021 companies will continue to increase their income and profitability, indicating that the industry will continue to enjoy a high profile. At present, companies h p38 times a year, pb 4.1 times a year, giving advice to inter-zone operations.
With US$ 39 million, yoy grew by 39 per cent, net profits by $1.7 billion and yoy by 138 per cent. Correspondingly, 4q21 companies achieved revenues of US$ 1.58 billion, yoy grew by 61 per cent, qoq grew by 11.6 per cent, a record high, net profits by $530 million, yoy grew by 108 per cent and qoq by 66 per cent.
On the one hand, the boom in the surrogate industry, the rise in corporate surrogate prices led to an increase in public revenue (61% increase in yoy) and the increase in the Maori rate (4q21: 35% increase in ring by 1.9%) are at the upper limit of the forecast; on the other hand, the 17% decrease in operating expenses was further boosted by a 17% decrease in the same year.
The crystal circle continues, with optimism in 2022: the mainstream industry is full, the product mix pmic, the vehicle chip is still in short supply, and the overall capacity expansion of the plant is expected in 2022.
Crystal circle manufacturing companies, as domestic crystal round workers, have a tight supply of chips that objectively help the company to stabilize its customer relationship, and income and profitability are expected to continue to improve.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.