Resilient growth, steady growth Investment rating: (maintain) Increased Quality Summary: “Breath over sale” in the food and oil industry, access to consumer goods and branding are only competitive
As a key organizer of the industrial chain, companies benefit most from the value dividend of the rising consumption, the quantitative growth momentum, and the ceiling is still high.
Over the last three years, the growth rate is expected to be 10% + and the net profit rate is about 20%. Looking ahead, the evolution of the industry provides an opportunity for business models to evolve, companies have the basis for the ecological development of the catering supply chain, they have the power to upgrade the food industry, and they transform modern manufacturing services into start-ups, and they're worth it.
The market base for food and oil consumption is large in comparison with the trend of 300 deep. The annual consumption of oil, flour and rice totals more than 360 million tons, and the market flows more than 130 million tons.
• Channels and brands work together to protect the city’s performance, and the supply chain optimizes the industry’s heights. Companies knit up a network of channels that work together to reach tens of millions of users, and build kitchen food brands to meet the levels
Sub-consumption demand, with market share keeping ahead long. In areas where product differentiation is limited, profit margins are smaller, inputs are less productive than oil, firms build mature and efficient supply chains, and, on the one hand, generate higher turnover, more profits and faster growth for the enterprise itself, more importantly.
Strengthening resource complementarities and collaborative interactions across the industrial chain to maximize full-chain value, leading to higher-level competition patterns. Wind-control escorting through cycles, research and development support business upgrading.
• Explore new ways of adding value to industrial services in the future. In view of the trend towards integration of the catering supply chain, the Division has begun to operate centrally in the kitchen, cutting into the core of the catering supply ecological chain.
• Investment advice: maintain an “upscaling” rating. We look forward to the future of the company’s kitchen food business:
The leading role of the retail food distribution channel in the kitchen is strong, with continued gains in penetration and consumption rising; the catering channel is growing rapidly, and the central kitchen operation will create a corporate niche in the ecological chain of catering supply: the professional and service importance of the products of the food industry channel will increase and help the corporate sector.
Gold Dragonfish (300999) depth report: kitchens. Food business advantages are highlighted. Forage business has a wide field, strong leadership, and a certain value premium on the expected growth of steady performance.
I. The food and oil poles are strong, performance is increasing steadily, incomes are growing steadily, and net profit fluctuations are increasing. Total corporate income increased from $133,490 million in 2016 to $194.92 billion in 2020, with cagr reaching 10 per cent, which is higher than the overall increase in the grain and oil market and is steadily consolidating.
The year fluctuated considerably, moving forward with the reorganization of the same controlled assets, with a higher net gain or loss for the acquired party, while the amount of non-recurrent gain or loss from the company ' s hedging of soybeans was higher.
The main business of the company is mainly kitchen food, supported by feed raw materials and fat technology. Kitchen food is the company’s core business, with products such as small packaging oil, rice, noodles and spices. Kitchen foods account for 60% of the total.
The proportion is expected to increase steadily, with a steady growth of about 10% above, and the future expansion of the company’s rice-surface operations, with small packages of high operational value, benefiting from downstream farming and solar demand pulls, feed raw materials and fat technology operations are growing at an annual rate of more than 10%. In 2019, as a result of the effects of the African pigpest, the downstream pighouses grew at a rate of more than 10%.
The demand for materials has decreased significantly, affecting the company’s feed raw material operations. In 2020, this sector resumed to grow as the disease was brought under control and the subsequent production of pigs rose.
Figure 4 shows an increase in the share of main battalion operations, with 18% cagr for kitchen food and 40% for feed raw materials and fat technology. The price of kitchen food is high, which erodes the profit margin for processed products.
The Māori share of the two main operations in figure 6 and the Māori share of the two main operations in figure 5 (millions of yuan) are in absolute national leadership on the scale of corporate revenue and profits.
Oil Holdings (606.hk) removed feed and biochemical plates in 2017, focusing on rice-surface brand foods, which are the most comparable with gold-drawn fish. On scale, China’s grain harvest and net profit in 2018 were only gold-drawn fish, leading the gold-drawn fish harvest (billion yuan in 2018).
This is more related to changes in the price of upstream raw materials and the demand for downstream farming. Overall, the gold dragonfish ratio is, on average, 2-3 percentage points higher than the Chinese grain in 2017.
The company’s kitchen food, especially retail, strongly supports the level of Maori. The kitchen food business not only contributes the most, but also continues to be higher than the company as a whole, reaching 13% in 2020.
18.3 per cent; customers of catering channels are more price sensitive and competitive, with a lower level of Maori than the other two, with an average of 6.5 per cent over three years; while the food industry is in the same business as the catering industry, professional R & D companies have a cost advantage and a significant scale effect on their original food purchases.
In the last three years, companies have purchased rice and wheat for less than the average price of the country's current year. Since the company also purchases some of the soybeans, the price of soybeans is about 6,000 yuan per ton, far higher than the price of imported soybeans, and soybean purchases as a whole.
Prices are higher than the average price of imported soybeans. We believe that the advantages of corporate purchasing are derived from the following:
In terms of overseas procurement, close links between companies and parent companies and the United States food merchants, adm, have enabled them to obtain immediate information, including price trends, about food oil and food products globally. Companies have established procurement centres in Singapore to centralize the procurement of raw materials and to procure more efficiently.
Companies have a better level of profitability and a more reasonable cost structure. While the net profit level of gold dragonfish is less volatile, as a result of the volatility of commodity prices, both because of the company’s excellent price risk management capabilities and because of the company’s leading role in downstream branding.
Market inputs, sales rates have stabilized at more than 4%, while management rates and financial costs have been lower on average than in China, and companies have managed to improve their management and optimize the efficiency of their use of funds while achieving scale expansion. Companies are operating more efficiently, and the industrial chain is firmly in place.
More than four, close to China’s grain and oil, is in a reasonable space in the food industry. At the same time, the turnover of corporate accounts receivable is decreasing, the rate of repayment is accelerating, and the company’s importance in the market is growing.
Figure 18 The stock turnover rate of gold dragonfish is close to China's grain and oil, the company's national chemical energy distribution is almost complete, and wheat processing is a priority. As of 2020, the company had 66 production bases in 24 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government, and occupied high-quality farms and farms.
The company has shifted its capacity expansion to cereal processing, especially wheat processing, after it gained leadership in the use of cooking oil.
The flour business will become a new performance growth point for companies.II. Stability of basic grain and oil consumption, structural opportunities in the industry 2.1. Packaging of cooking oil, healthy development, and competitive patterns in the industry
Our consumption of edible oil has declined steadily, and production has grown at a low rate. In 2013-2019, the production of edible oil was 2% cagr and 2.3% of edible oil consumption was 2.3%. After 34.4 million tons in 2017, consumption of edible oil declined and aggregate demand has become a bottleneck in production growth. We judge that future supply and demand of edible oil will remain stable.
Urbanization has advanced to raise the commercialization rate of cooking oil, and there is room for expanding the market for cooking oil. The share of home-grown cooking oil in our rural areas is still high.
The findings of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs on the consumption of cooking oil by rural residents of Henan, Sichuan and Jiangsu show that 2019 (72%) are significantly lower (20%) than Henan and Sichuan. We assume that, as urbanization progresses, the share of cooking oil in rural areas will gradually decline, the rate of commercialization of cooking oil will increase, and new food oil companies will be provided.
Chart 22 shows that rural residents produce a significant proportion of their own oils, and that our consumption structure needs to be improved. In 2018, we supplied the top five fat-ranked vegetable oils in order of origin: soybean oil, palm oil, vegetableseed oil, peanut oil, and soybean oil.
Cottonseed oil, which in Japan is vegetable oil, soybean oil, palm oil, corn embryonic oil, and olive oil. Saturation of palm oil is higher than other vegetable oils and increases the risk of cardiovascular acids by up to 46%.
In comparison, Japan’s consumption of oil is predominantly based on vegetable oil, supported by other healthy oils. Chart 25 provides a ratio of fat to fat to fat to oil to humans (2018) Figure 24 provides a ratio of fat to fat to fat to oil to oil to food to humans (2018)
Consumption of edible oil shows a trend towards packaging, with the share of spread oil gradually shrinking. The market-flowed edible oil is divided into three categories by type of packaging: small packaging oil, mainly for household consumption (5l); middle packaging oil, mainly for the catering industry (10-22l); and bulk oil.
In the wake of the emergence of a healthy consumer diet and the flourishing of the catering industry, the share of small and medium packaging oils has continued to rise from 26 and 23 per cent in 2010 to 33 and 32 per cent in 2019, respectively, and the share of bulk oils has increased from half to about one third. The trend towards packaging of cooking oil has continued, and there is more room for packaging in restaurants.
Bulk oils gradually faded out of the market, and consumption of edible oil in figure 26 shows a trend towards packaging, with the small packaging oil market becoming more mature and retailing increasing at a low rate.
The market for small packaging oils grew at a high rate of 14.1 per cent before the year, and after 2013, the rate of growth declined at a rapid rate of 1.5 per cent. The future retail scale of small packaging oils is expected to continue to grow at a low number of places and the market is already in storage
Small-packaged oil consumption is dominated by soybean oil, with healthy oil growing faster. Soybean oil is the highest in terms of both sales and sales, mainly related to the cost and price advantage of soybean oil. As consumers increasingly focus on the consumption of oil, cagr is 18% from year to year 2020, and consumption is rising from 1.4% to 5%; and soybean oil is sold to 5%.
Figure 28 Changes in the consumption structure of small packaging oils (sales, millions of yuan) High concentration in the supply of edible oils and persistently strong headlines. Using more than 400 tons of daily capacity as a threshold for firms of scale, production rose from 71 per cent in 2010 to 81 per cent in 2019, an increase of 10 percentage points.
Small businesses are becoming less productive, and the concentration of the industry is increasing. With soybean pressurized capacity as a measure, there is now more than 30% cr3 and more than 50% cr5 in the industry, and there is still room for improvement in the future, mainly because, following the update of the oil-eating label in 2018, the government has increasingly regulated the quality of the food oil.
A strict policy requiring enterprises to clearly identify the proportion of their dietary oil formulations, a policy that necessarily leads to the phasing out of small and medium-sized enterprises with poor product quality; and a second that large enterprises have greater advantages in terms of cost efficiency. For example, large firms with large sizes can place their production capacity on a national scale, which, on the one hand, allows production and marketing to take place at both the end of production and the end of sales.
Relatively close, production can be adjusted more quickly to market demand in a timely manner; on the other hand, the large-scale distribution of capacity makes transport costs between regions lower for firms.
The share of companies above the size of oil for consumption in figure 30 exceeds 80.2 metres by branding, specialization and development of the long line, and rice and wheat are generally in a balance of supply and demand. In recent years, the consumption and production of rice and wheat in the country have been largely guaranteed.
The importance of rice and wheat production at 20 million tons and of catering channels in the rice-side consumption structure is becoming more evident, as is the growth of household small packaging. Driven by the rapid development of the downstream catering market, the proportion of rice baked with powder, meald flour, and food with rice is gradually increasing.
At the same time, along with the improvement in consumer-to-mill quality, household consumption of small-package rice and flour has remained on the rise, while the bulk trade rice share has been shrinking rapidly.
Figure 34 Our flour consumption structure (tonnes of tons) has been upgraded with an increase in sales at high-end prices. In the case of rice, for example, sales from modern channels above $4 per kilogram have increased from 17.6 per cent in 2016 to 22.0 per cent in 2018.
To 25%. Correspondingly, the share of small-packaged rice sold below $3.00/kg has declined.
The rice and wheat processing enterprises above the scale (with annual processing volume exceeding 100,000 tons) produce 13% and the rice processing capacity cr3, respectively, and the market is still very fragmented.
As a result of the high processing threshold, product-producing properties are weak and more conducive to the rapid growth of leading firms and the concentration of market shares.
The minimum purchase price adjustment for rice and wheat is favourable for the industry. The Toto City purchase policy raises the price of the original food, puts a huge cost pressure on rice and wheat processing companies, and the industry starts at a lower rate, generally at a loss or at a low cost.
As the market-based reforms of food prices move forward, domestic rice and wheat prices end their long-standing upswings and gradually return to market pricing. At the end of cultivation, they will lead to a restructuring of cultivation and an improvement in the imbalance in supply and demand for high-quality rice. For processing firms, a downward adjustment in the minimum purchase price will effectively reduce the cost of purchasing, and change it.
The pattern of good rice “weak” and “weak wheat” enhances the dynamism of the industry and raises the overall Māori ratio.
3.1 A secure market position for the full-source marketing network The company has established a diverse, stereo-based marketing network and a full-scale distribution network that includes retail outlets, catering channels, food industry channels, and baking channels throughout the country.
The company’s sales model is based on direct sales, supported by distribution. In terms of the sales model’s share, the firm as a whole remains dominated by direct sales, with a direct sales share of about 70% over three years, and a relatively small distribution pattern.
(i) Kitchen foods: for retail outlets, companies use distribution models based on traditional channels such as agro-trade markets, food and oil wholesale stores, retail stores, grocery stores, and special channels such as welfare groups, joint promotions, gas galleries, pharmacies, etc.
For small and medium-sized customers such as regional hotels, small and medium-sized restaurants, bakers, fast-food chains, etc., the company uses a marketing model; for large customers such as hotel chains, chains, large business canteens, traders, etc.
The distribution of customers in the domestic food industry is currently fragmented and market concentration is low, so the company ' s food industry has adopted a combination of distribution and direct marketing. (2) Forage raw materials and fat technology products: the company uses direct sales.
The model sells feed raw materials and fat technology products to business customers and traders. In addition, solar products in company fat technology products are sold mainly through the retail and catering outlets of kitchen food.
The company’s marketing model is improving and the marketer’s team is expanding. The company’s initial expansion of the distribution channel was based on a model of regional exclusive agency, where there is only one distributor of its own product in a given region, and the dealer, who is qualified as a regional agent, is able to do so by providing that the dealer cannot represent other branded products.
With the help of a rapid expansion of the region, the regional brand monopoly has led to strong marketing desire and marketing among the dealers involved. After many years of development, companies have built a more sophisticated network of distributors and distribution management systems throughout the country, training experienced sales managers.
The number of sub-distributors has increased from 3,190 in 2017 to 4,406 in 2019, with an increase of 38 per cent over the period, with an average annual increase of 405, with over 1 million terminals, and 10,000 sales workers, who are in the forefront of the food industry.
The number of traders is larger than the number of exited distributors, and the number of exited distributors is increasing steadily, from 82% in 2018, with a higher overall survival rate. As companies improve their marketing mechanisms, more regional distributors and distributors will join in the future, helping companies to encrypt their distribution networks.
In recent years, the company has sought to rationalize its relationship with the members of the channel through "in-depth distribution" reforms by: (i) clarifying responsibilities, the company's responsibility for market management, the distributor's responsibility for terminal development and customer maintenance.
In the early stages of a region’s expansion, companies tend to concentrate agency power on one agent, giving the sole distributor a higher profit and pushing it to further exploit the local market.
The introduction of multi-level distributors and distributors will be gradually considered, on the one hand, in order to avoid a decline in the motivation of exclusive distributors, and on the other hand, multi-level distribution systems will also contribute to more efficient distribution, including more precision in the choice of the services to be sold. (3) Companies, without passing through the distributors, return directly to distributors below the distributors.
Imports and supply incentives can reach all levels of distributors, as well as terminals, to a certain extent, preventing dealers from cutting back profits and increasing the motivation of distributors and terminals at all levels. Through the above-mentioned institutional reforms, firms have quickly established an efficient distribution system throughout the country, and access barriers have been laid down.
The company has a well-developed kitchen food brand matrix. The company’s kitchen products cover three main categories of rice oil.
In order to adapt to business developments, the company has developed a list of known brands and a multi-dimensional brand system based on product lines, product attributes and distribution channels.
One of the company’s core strengths is the company’s leading brand name, brand influence. According to the Chinese brand power index (c-bpi) released by chnbrand in 2020, the Golden Dragonfish has spent 10 years in a row on joint food oils.
The high-end olive oil brand, Oliveland, High-end peanut butter brand, Hu Ji-hwa, Middle-end brand, Fragrance Garden, and popular brand, Mae-Bon, were ranked as "Golden Dragonfish" according to the global fast-discharge brand values published by Ewey in 2019.
In 21 places, brands valued at $6-7 billion, ranked fourth in the packaged food sub-category, after pleasures, Carrolls, and Kaf. Figure 46 2020 ranked China's cooking oil brands on the list.
The company's share of the market for small-packaged rice oils has remained ahead of the market. The company's share of small-packaged oil sales has remained at 40% for almost five years, far above the second average. From a brand perspective, the company has dominated the high-end small-scale “Oriveland” and “Hughief” from a brand view of the brand, with the exception of the “Golden Dragonfish” master's share of the market.
In addition, the company’s share of small-packaged rice and flour in the modern channel market for nearly three years has been a clear leader. The market share of small-packaged rice in chart 50 is a leader in the modern market for small-packaged rice.
Chart 51 is leading the market share for small packaging flour modern channels, integrating new media for full branding, taking over the consumer's mind.