Méri Medical (300760.sz) Medical devices iii iii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii) ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii) ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii) ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii) ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii
This trend is expected to continue at a significantly faster rate than the increase in pharmaceuticals; our market for medical devices is only half the size of the pharmaceutical market, and there is still much room for growth than the world has been able to do. Our low-end products for medical devices are now almost finished as substitutes for national production, and high-end products are still heavily dependent on imports.
At the policy level, graded consultations + encouraging national production + ad hoc approvals, while expanding the primary health-care market and increasing the technical and market access of national production equipment, have begun the introduction of the first-born O2 Saturation Monitor in the country, breaking the monopoly of foreign giants, which is now complete.
The largest, the world's leading medical appliances industry, with 39 offshore subsidiaries in more than 30 countries, 17 affiliates in the country and more than 40 affiliates, has created a large global array of research and development, marketing and services, and domestic substitution for technological progress, which will continue at a faster rate.
Life information support systems: The longline monitors drive together all the products of anaesthesia, breathing, and tremors. The life information support system is a company’s start-up operation, dominated by products such as a guardian, defibrillator, anaesthetic machine, lightbed towers, etc.
In the future, it will benefit from continuous penetration of the grass-roots market through hierarchies, while increasing the share of high-end products and overseas markets.
Access to hospitals, cross-sectional connectivity of products across lines, and enhanced competitive edges for corporate products. In vitro diagnosis: blood cell biochemistry maintains a dominant position in the short term, with long-term expectations of chemical luminous energy. ivd focuses on blood cell spectrometry, biochemistry, chemistic analysis, in vitro diagnostic reagents, etc.
The Division’s traditional niche products, which benefit from the development of closed, automated water lines, will remain industry leaders in the short term. Chemical light is one of the priority directions for ivd’s future development, as well as for the company’s medium- and long-term ivd operations.
On the one hand, policies have further opened up over-procurement rights, and on the other hand, technological advances have contributed to the upgrading of products at the higher end. The company’s premium product is currently in the country.
The highest ranking among the producing firms, the lowest in the grassroots market, is based on price advantage and a high-yielding-line advantage. In high-end areas, companies have a leading advantage over the national public by integrating their M & As with Sonare, mastering core technology.
Research and development investment is an inexhaustible engine for the development of equipment manufacturers, the Department attaches great importance to research and development, and the share of research and development investment in international large medical devices has remained at around 10%.
The company's R & D investment was largely consistent, with the company's research and development of $1,132 million in 2017, leading the research and development inputs of the entire company's medical equipment plate. In addition, the company has eight major R & D centres, with more than 1700 R & D engineers, 10 R & D platforms and 49 R & D innovation laboratories, with technological capacity on core products.
Domestic companies already cover nearly 110,000 medical institutions and 99% of tri-a hospitals from townships to central cities, and offshore companies have subsidiaries in more than 30 countries, selling products in more than 190 countries and regions. Well-established marketing channels facilitate a virtuous cycle of product sales, and good after-sales services can be significantly enhanced.
Client sticky, which supports the continued delivery of products and follow-up services.  Investment proposal: due to the rapid technologicality of the medical equipment industry itself, the breakdown of the industry’s lower ceilings, etc., the advantages of the leading enterprise with a high level of research and development and a greater ability to integrate from the outside are evident.
First, the leading medical equipment companies around the world have a clear edge. The companies are now technologically comparable to foreign cutting-edge products, such as custodians, blood cell analysers, medium- and low-end colours, high-end chemical luminous, automated flow, waterlines, high-end specialist colours, and so on.
The core logic is that the medical equipment industry itself is fast-paced, with a breakdown of the industry's lower ceilings, higher levels of endogenous R & D and external R & D.
The company has been able to achieve technological breakthroughs in the areas of custodians, blood cell analysers, medium- and low-end colour super products, high-end chemical luminous, automated waterlines, high-end expertise, and so on. For the future, the company will benefit on the one hand.
At the grass-roots level, graded consultations have contributed to further subsidence at the grass-roots level, while at the same time continuing technological breakthroughs in the introduction of high-end products into end-three-A institutions have continued to grow in the future. There is less standardization in the equipment sector than in the pharmaceutical industry, and therefore less pressure on the price reduction in the short term.
Technological advances, etc., provide markets with room for expansion, import substitution for cages for birds, and the advantage of leading firms with higher levels of endogenous research and development and a greater ability to integrate. Life information and support: 65% of the local municipality of corporate custodians, no swings, and there will be room for expansion at the grass-roots level in the future;
In the future, the point is high-end custodians and the expansion of overseas operations: the high-end custodians now have a market share of only 30% and will continue to be in core sections such as Triaicu, the operating room, and so on, and the ratio is expected to rise; overseas market companies are ranked third, but only 10%, and there is still a big gap between the tops and the larger scope for expansion.
Anaesthetic machines are expected to be driven by technological advances and collusive hospital effects in the future. In vitro diagnosis is expected: in the short term, the advantage of the company's blood cell biochemistry products is clear: blood cell product technology is comparable to international leadership, 60 per cent of the loading market, 27 per cent of the sales market, and there is further room for import substitution relative to the imported leader Heison Maykang;
On the external high end, the company will further increase its market share by relying on unique crp products and bloodlines. Medium- and long-term growth depends on chemical light and high-end product lines: the technical barriers to chemical light are high, have a closed advantage, and are now growing faster. According to the company’s announced investor relations schedule, the company is currently installed in roughly the same volume as Anto, but only more than half of the single product is tested.
Projects (64) are smaller than Rhodes (110), and the main future growth point is from reagents. In addition, high-end, fully automated blood analysis waterlines, fully automated chemical luminometers, etc., are able to enter tri-a-hospital hospitals with special projects to improve the competitiveness of diagnostic products.
Medical imagery: more than 70% of the company's medical video plate is over-coloured, and products such as endoscopic mirrors are smaller. Currently, the company's winning items are among the top of the list at the grass-roots level, and it is expected to maintain a high winning advantage at the grass-roots level in the future; but grass-roots procurement is significant for the market share, but limited for sales.
High-end products, which have a high edge in domain light platforms, cut wave elastic imaging, are now entering after 2-3 years of market diffusion, there is a strong link between company performance and the continued roll-out of new products, the company has been launching a number of high-end products in 15 years, the public sector will rely on the revenue-generating contribution of high-end products on the one hand, and the high-end products on the other for low- and medium-end products on the other.
The company’s high-end products are now largely rolled out to high-end health-care institutions, and future performance growth is assured. Murray’s health care was established in 1991, successfully marketed in the United States in 2006, privatized out in 2016 and submitted in 2017.
The paper is to be published in depth, with an ipo approval in September 2018, officially landing on the entrepreneurship board. The company is mainly involved in the development, manufacture, marketing and servicing of medical devices. It is currently China's largest and leading provider of medical devices and solutions. It has 39 offshore subsidiaries in more than 30 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Latin America, and has 17 sons and daughters in the country.
According to the company’s offer instructions, the real owners of the company are Chairman Li Saitin and Director Seo-hwan, who together hold 58.16% of the company’s shares. The company’s chairman Li Sai-Tin, its director Seo-hing, and his responsibility for the strategic development of the company are both clear and consistent.
Senior intellectuals in engineering or science, all of whom come from Shenzhen Anko, the country’s medical instrument open-snapist company, have a strong professional background. The company’s operating income increased steadily during the first three quarters of 2014-2018, thanks to the steady growth of the medical equipment market and its competitive advantages in research and development, production, marketing, etc. However, the company’s net return profit fell by 33 per cent in 2015.
The changes in corporate non-net profits during the first three quarters of 2014-2018 have largely converged with growth in operating income. Figure 3: Corporate business income for the years (in billions of yuan, %)
By product, the company ' s business is divided into three main segments, namely, life information and support products, in vitro diagnostic products and medical imaging products, all of which have a very important place in the company ' s profit contribution; by region, domestic revenue accounts for half of the company ' s income and is still increasing; and the North American, European and Latin American markets account for a certain share of income, which together has been achieved.
In particular, the main products of the life information and support business units are the monitor, tremors, anesthesia machines, lightbeds, etc. The main products of the external diagnostic operations are the blood cell analyser, the biochemical analyser, the chemist, the condensed blood analyser, the in vitro diagnostic reagents, etc. The main products of the medical image business units are the colour ultrasound equipment of each type.
(b) Medical devices include instruments, equipment, appliances, in vitro diagnostic reagents and calibrations, materials and other similar or related items, including software required for medical diagnosis, supervision and treatment.
(i) Higher growth than the drug market, with some areas with more room for growth, the global market for medical devices continues to grow at a higher rate than the market for pharmaceuticals. According to valluatemedtech, worldwide sales of medical devices in 2016 were estimated at US$ 38.6 billion, and sales in 2017 were estimated at US$ 403 billion, the global market for prescription drugs.
Half the size, expected to exceed $520 billion in 2022. In terms of industry growth, it can be seen that in recent years there has been an increase in the equipment market. Figure 7: Global market size for medical devices and prescription drugs ($ billion) Figure 8: Global market for medical devices and prescription drugs (%)
In 2017, our market for medical equipment as a whole was about $442.5 billion, representing about 20 per cent of the size of the overall medical market, and it is clear that there is still much room for growth in the market for medical equipment than in the international market. Figure 9: Revenue from the sale of medical equipment and medicines in our country (billions)
Figure 10: Revenue from the sale of medical instruments and medicines in the country (%) is increasing. The largest medical instrument plate in the world is an in vitro diagnosis. From a breakdown, sales of the top 15 medical devices in 2016 amounted to $32.54 billion, or 84% of the total market size, of which the first three types of medical devices were in vitro diagnosis (13%),
Cardiovascular (12%) and image (10%) groups, with more than 5% or more of the osteoporosis, ophthalmology, etc. A combination of size and speed shows that the largest plate out-of-the-art diagnosis and cardiovasculars also remained at a faster rate of 5% or more during the period 2012-2016.
The waste, cardiovascular and osteoporology sectors occupy the top five markets for medical equipment in the country, but medical imaging equipment is the largest, followed by an in vitro diagnosis, and low-value inputs with a low global ranking occupy the third place in the industry in the country. (ii) Import substitution space is large, leading companies have a clear advantage.
The market share of the giants has increased from 51.5% to 56.3%, and the strong have intensified. According to cfda data, the number of medical appliances produced in the country currently stands at 16,000, but over 20 million medium-sized enterprises account for less than 10%, more than 400 companies have more than a billion, the average income of the industry is 23 million yuan (an average of about $300 million in pharmaceuticals), and the concentration of the industry is low.
The Department has difficulty in meeting the high costs of R & D and promotion, so our medical companies have limited technical skills, with only about 15% of the three types of medical equipment manufacturing enterprises with certain technical barriers. There is a high degree of national substitution in low-end areas, and there is still a greater dependence on the import of medium- and high-end medical equipment.
High-end equipment and cutting-edge technology are mainly in the hands of advanced countries such as Europe and the United States, which, thanks to their higher technical barriers and the capital power of large multinational enterprises, have long held the dominant position in the world’s high-end market for medical equipment. In terms of the structure and size of medical equipment imports, colour ultrasounds, optical rays, medical x.
Medium- and high-end products such as radiometers, high-end intervention materials and diagnostic or experimental reagents account for 44.3% of the total imports of medical equipment in the country. The technical content and value added of these products are relatively high, they are not easy to develop and manufacture, domestic products and imported products are safe and effective.
Technology varies widely, but barriers and segmented industries are lower than pharmaceuticals; the original technology overlapped more slowly, but improved and innovative product lines overlapped faster, with less risk of R & D, so leading companies with abundant product lines have a greater advantage, especially those with high R & D input levels and high capacity to extend and adapt, with the ability to keep new products open, on the one hand, and on the other, on the other hand, with the ability to bridge the gap with competitors on the other hand.
In addition, there is a highly visible patented cliff, where the prices and sales of the original drug have fallen off the cliff after the expiry of the original research product patent, and there is no apparent patent cliff for the device. Moreover, equipment is more demanding for post-sale services, and medicines generally do not have post-sale service problems.
(iii) Population ageing, technological advances that continue to expand the demand of the industry Population ageing leads to a sustained increase in health-care spending. According to United Nations-issued standards, the proportion of the population aged 60 and over in the total population is usually 10 per cent, or the proportion of the population aged 65 and over in the total population in the total population is 7 per cent, as a criterion for the country ' s entry into an ageing society.
Since 2000, China has reached 7% of the population aged 65 years and over and has entered an ageing society. By the end of 2017, 17.3% of the country ' s population was aged 60 years and over, 11.4% of whom were aged 65 years and over, and the ageing population continued to grow at a steady rate. By 2020, it is expected that the population aged 60 and over will increase to around 255 million, representing an increasing proportion of the total population.
By about 17.8%, 300 million will have been overcome by 2025. The increasing level of ageing will directly contribute to the structural growth of medical consumption. Figure 18: Proportion of China ' s population in 2018 (%) Figure 19: Proportion of China ' s population in 2030 (%)
The increase in disposable income and the full coverage of health care have increased the ability to pay for health care services, and there is still much room for improvement in the share of equipment consumed. The per capita consumption of health care in the country has increased from $92.1 in 2013 to the full coverage of treatment insurance in 2017 (over 95 per cent coverage) and has increased the level of payments for health care and promotion of the medical equipment industry.
In terms of consumption structure, the global consumption rate of instruments and medicines is about 1:1, while, due to the late start of medical devices and the prevalence of “pharmaceuticals”, they account for only about 27 per cent of the total pharmaceutical market, and an increase in the market share is expected to generate significant market demand in the medical equipment industry.
The upgrading and upgrading of medical devices has also created demand in the market, for example, ultrasound instruments, which used to be superb in black and white, are now mostly colored. Technological developments have facilitated the application of portable medical terminals, allowing patients to use medical devices whenever they are at home or when they are out.
The rapid development of home-grown medical equipment, which has gradually broken through technical barriers, has led to a significant increase in the sensitivity, suitability, early diagnosis, micro-analysis, the specificity and efficiency of diagnostic treatment, and to the replacement of a large number of older products, such as electrocardiograms, ultrasound diagnostic devices, heart racks, etc., which have been gradually opened in clinical settings or have been replaced by imported materials.
The quality and performance of the products of national manufacturers of equipment, represented by Murray, Leup, Vandong, Sokage, Fish Jump, etc., have gradually been recognized by the market. (iv) Policy-level drivers 1, graded consultations, encouragement of community-based medical care, and expansion of the market for grass-roots medical care and private hospitals
In September 2015, the Office of the State Council issued a guide to the development of a system for the promotion of the classification system, proposing the establishment of a model for the classification of first-level consultations, two-way referrals, urgent partitions, and up-and-down linkages. According to the Health and Welfare Board, 4 municipalities and 317 municipalities had conducted the classification exercise as pilot cities by the end of 2017.
In 50% of districts, primary consultations have been piloted, more than 85% of municipalities have contracted family doctors, and 90% of public hospitals in the country have been involved in the reform of the medical complex. Since 2015, there has been an acceleration in the number of visits to primary hospitals at the level I hospital level, a slowdown in the number of visits to hospitals at the level III hospital level, and a significant increase in the number of referrals at the level I hospital level.
The expansion of the market at the grass-roots level offers greater opportunities for national producers. In November 2018, the Commission issued a circular on the Programme of Work for the Comprehensive Improvement of the Integrating Capacities of District Hospitals (2018-2020), which clearly aims to achieve 90% coverage in the district by 2020.
At the grass-roots level, the supply of medical equipment is low, the demand is high, the market is short and the demand for products is new, while most primary health-care institutions in the country have limited budgets, and the purchase of more equipment at the lower and middle end of the scale has led to an increase in the demand for medical equipment in the number of private hospitals in the country’s producing enterprises. Since the reform, non-public health care has been facilitated by policies and capital.
According to the latest figures of the Health and Welfare Board, the number of all national hospitals by September 2018 stood at 2001, an increase of 2,361 by the same year. The increase in the number of private hospitals will result in increased demand for medical facilities, and many medical equipment manufacturers, such as Murray, have developed specialized model products for private hospitals.
The demand for hospitals opens up the gap in demand. 2. The cost of health care to hospitals increases the income from other projects, and the country’s product brand advantages highlight the pressure on health care and the need to keep it in order.
Health-care savings are more stressful. After the control of the policies of auxiliary medicines, Chinese injections, elimination of drug additions, price reductions, etc., our health-care revenues have increased faster than health-care expenditures since 2015, and the health-care savings rate has recovered. But, according to data from the first 10 months of 2018, health-care revenues have again increased less than health-care expenditures, and the pressure on health-care controls remains high, with reduced costs in the short term.
The price of the health insurance fee plus the tender price has been reduced to facilitate the expansion of native brands; as a result of the policy of limiting the ratio of medicines and eliminating such policies as drug enrichment, hospitals must raise the income of other projects to sustain profits, reduce the ratio of drug costs and increase the cost of diagnosis. The higher cost of diagnosis, while increasing the number of diagnostic projects or frequency per patient, can effectively increase the income.
In recent years, the state has vigorously promoted health-care control fees and reduced the cost of purchasing medicines, medical consumables, etc., through centralized procurement and tendering. A short-term reduction in product prices will result in a decline in the Māori ratio of diagnostic products, but in the long run it will be better than the expansion of indigenous brands and the increase in industrial concentration, taking into account the fact that hospitals and distributors take into account the fact that the quality of imported and domestically produced products is not so far off.
Cost factors tend to be more selective than higher-priced national product plates. Figure 25: The share of medicines in public hospital income is declining gradually. Figure 26: Rate of return on the cost of medical and technical units in public hospitals
The pressure to reduce the price of equipment is less than that of drugs, and large-scale bidding is slower. In the current situation, there is also some price pressure on the future of the device, but it is less than the pressure on the drug plate: one is because the equipment is much less standardized than the drug product and it is difficult to achieve uniformity of standards: the other is that the drugs and high-value consumables are sold in an incremental manner, and the equipment is charged mainly for services.
The price implications of tender procurement are low; third, the multiplicity of single types of equipment solicitations are not economical and may be variable with respect to specific hospital products, so the probability of pricing is limited: fourth, the bulk of the equipment solicitation is national, which is conducive to accelerating the process of substitution of national production., and, third, the promotion of national production as an alternative to the assisted medical equipment company.
Since 2014, the provinces and cities have introduced policies to give priority to the procurement of domestically produced equipment in the procurement of medical equipment, not to specify imported products and to set target parameters; particularly in the provinces of Zhejiang and Sichuan, and, more importantly, in the case of some particularly sophisticated equipment or high-end tri-a hospital, the country must be purchased.
Since 2017, the cities of Zhejiang, Sichuan, Guangdong, Shanghai, Jiangsu5 have been included in the first pilot projects to support medical equipment produced by the State.
The selection of high-quality nationally produced medical equipment products has recently been carried out in four batches, including digital x-line machines, coloured Doppler ultrasound diagnostics, full-automatic biochemical analysers, blood spectrometers, anaesthetics, magnetic resonance, etc.
Table 5: Results of the selection evaluation of good national-produced medical equipment 4 - Expediting approval and encouraging innovation The country has put in place a series of policies to encourage innovation in medical devices.
Since then, the country has put in place a series of policies and regulations to encourage innovation in the upgrading of high-quality medical devices by encouraging research and development, reforming the clinical trial management system, optimizing the approval process, and improving post-market supervision. Special approvals + priority approvals significantly reduce the processing time for innovative or clinical devices.
Special approval procedure (pilot) for medical equipment, with a statutory approval cycle of up to 70 working days and a shorter approval period for three categories of products.
In October 2016, cfda published the Priority Approval Procedure for Medical Devices, which implements applications for the domestic registration of Category III and Category II and Category III medical devices for the treatment of rare diseases, common tumours, diseases specific to the elderly and multiple diseases, children and clinically badly needed medical devices.
Priority is given to approval. First, the medical equipment register quality control system is checked, administrative clearance is given priority, the product is reduced to a minimum of 10 working days, and the minimum statutory approval period is reduced to one of the company’s three main product lines: life information and support.
The life information support system is a company’s start-up operation, dominated by products such as a guardian, defibrillator, anaesthetic machine, lighthouses, etc. Third in the world, China’s first, with a 65% share in the country’s cities, will continue to penetrate the market at the grass-roots level in the future. On the one hand, it will benefit from a graded diagnosis that will continue to penetrate the market at the grass-roots level, while on the other hand it will increase the share of high-end products and overseas markets.
Rapid release of automatic defibrillators; anaesthetic machines are expected to be replaced up-to-date by technological advances in the future. The vital information support system product will be integrated into the hospital with a complete conjunctural solution, cross-sections will be connected to the full-line product, and the company's life information and support products will be enhanced, including guardianship, defibrillators, anaesthetics, respirators, electrocardiograms, surgical beds, hands.
For the monitoring of life information and for the overall solution of the operating room/heavy care unit (or/icu) and for the monitoring of life information, such as the chandeliers, the hangar bridge, the injection pump, and the overall solution of the operating room/heavy care unit (oricu), 3,174 million yuan, 3,562 million yuan and 4,236 million yuan, and for three years, the cagr was 9.84 per cent of the company ' s total operating income, figure 29: the company ' s vital information and support plate ' s main product
In 2017, the ratio of custody, anaesthetic, lightbeds, defibrillators was 38.25%, 12.79%, 8.95%, and 7.86% respectively. With regard to Maori, the rate of life letters has risen steadily except for the slight decline in the rate of Maori for tremors, where the rate of Maori for other products has risen steadily.
(i) Guardianship: the company ' s Acetex product, ranked the third-largest in the world, continuously supervising the physical parameters of patients on a 24-hour basis, checking trends and identifying critical situations for medical emergency response.
The standard six parameters of the guardianship system are: heart, breathing, no blood pressure, saturation of blood oxygen, pulse, body temperature. The optional parameters include: blood pressure, respiratory carbon dioxide, respiratory strength.
In accordance with the parameters, the monitor is divided into a single-parameter monitor and a multi-parameter monitor: according to the structure, it can be divided into a portable monitor, a plug-in monitor, a telemetry monitor, a 24-hour dynamic electrocardiogram monitor.
The increase in domestic custody was higher than abroad. The global market for guardianship products was $2.68 billion and $2.68 billion in 2015 and 2016, respectively, compared with the projected market size of $2.79 billion in 2017; 2015 and 2016, respectively.
The market for China’s tutorial products is 1.79 billion yuan and 1.75 billion yuan, and the market is expected to be 2.02 billion yuan in 2017. The country’s internal and external custodian markets have been growing steadily, with about 15% of the domestic market growing faster than 4% overseas.
Over the years, the nursing equipment sector has provided a complete set of equipment and solutions, including bedside monitors, telemetry monitors, and central guardianship systems. The tutorship is the company’s acetic product, the only product class of medium- and high-end medical devices that can completely replace imported products, clinical parametrics, intelligent clinical support decisions, etc., have become comparable to leading international brands such as Philip.
Corporate custodians are the third largest market in the world and the largest in the domestic market. The international market, Philips, General and Murray, cut off more than 80% of the world's custodian market, of which Murray is the third largest in the global custodian market, but only 10% of the world's custodian market, and there is room for further improvement compared to ge, Philip, and so on. The concentration of the domestic custodian market is also high.
As the country’s health-care system is improving, medical equipment is being produced in the country, and medical equipment is being produced in the country.
In terms of sales volume, the company has become the first in the country’s guardianship market, with steady growth in the sales of custodians and a certain price volatility. The market for custodians has matured, and the company’s future custodians have grown in the domestic market.
Among comparable companies in the same industry, the sale volume of the Murray Guardianship is much higher than that of the Riibang and Bollett, and the Riibang instrumentist product is on the rise, with a slight decline in Paulette’s sales earnings in 2017. The company’s guardian product is better skilled, of good quality, has a higher market recognition, and has a higher Māori ratio of the high-origin high-end custodianship, so that the company’s custodian product is significantly higher than that of Paulette and Riibon.
Figure 39: Comparison of Māori rates in Māribolite Río in Māri Bírón.
New Jersey, with a technical team of more than 80 researchers and related intellectual property rights, as well as a 50% share of the U.S. market for custody of small and medium-sized hospitals under 300 beds. Through this merger, Murray has not only acquired the care products, technology, and intellectual property rights of DataScope, but has also opened the way to the U.S. market.
(ii) Vibration instruments: growth in the future depends on automatic defibrillators, which is one of the major causes of heart-borne sudden death (cvd), with more than 80 per cent of cvd caused by chamber tremors.
Cvd patients have more than half of the deaths from cardiovascular diseases. Because of their sudden-onset characteristics, it is often difficult to rescue in time, thus depriving the patient of a chance to survive. Early electrode is currently known as the most effective method of defibrillation, and the defibrillator is the only medical instrument currently capable of effective early defibrillation, which produces the right instantaneous high-pressure pulse to the heart.
Figure 43: Frame map of the tremors system, depending on the location of the tremors, can be divided into two types of tremors and internal tremors; they can be divided into self-inflicted on the basis of their use.
Aed is a portable device that can be used not only for first aid in hospitals, but also for first aid in public places outside hospitals for diseases such as heart attack, heart arrest, etc., which can be performed without medical and medical personnel.
Aerobics treatment and custody. The survival rate is reduced by 7%-10% in minutes, tremors in 4 minutes, and the patient ' s survival rate is 50%, so it is necessary to have an aed in public. Although the number of sudden heart deaths is as high as half a million a year, the highest in the world, our aed is under-equipped.
The number of public places in large cities in the north alone is currently around 100 in Shanghai and more than 500 in Shenzhen, far from the number of aeds per 100,000 people abroad and elsewhere (235 in Japan, 317 in the United States, 44.5 in Australia, 25.6 in the United Kingdom, 17.6 in Germany, 10 in Hong Kong, and 17.4 in Taiwan in China).
In contrast to the high prevalence of tremors abroad, the country's tremors have developed a wide market.
Shenzhen airport aed Beijing Capital airport aed and $710 million, with a projected market size of $740 million in 2017; Chinese defibrillator in 2015 and 2016
The market size of the product is 530 million yuan and 650 million yuan, and the market size of the market is expected to be 750 million yuan in 2017, and Méri’s medical treatment has been marketed at about 150 million yuan, or about 20% of the city.
The company has three main tremors: benehuartd 3, beneheartd6 and aed defibrillator, with professional characteristics such as "debrillation, professional cpr, guardianship, easy to network" and high value for money, prompting a rapid increase in sales of company tremors.
In 2016, 2017, sales increased by 32.38% and 62.27%, respectively: in 2015-2017, mainly because of a faster increase in sales of the lower unit price of the aed, with sales revenue rising from 6.41% in 2015 to 2017.
12.91 per cent of the scale, resulting in a decrease in the unit price and cost of the defibrillator.
(iii) Anaesthesia machine: there is still a gap in the line of high-end products. The anaesthetic machine is a semi-open anaesthetic device.
In terms of function and structure, they can be divided into full-power, universal and portable anaesthesia machines; high-flow anesthesia machines (mostly 0.5l/min) and low-flow anesthesia machines (up to 0.02l/min or 0.03l/min) depending on the age of the patient; adult anaesthesia machines, paediatric anaesthesia machines and adult children combined; by inhaling party
In 2017, the global market for anaesthesia was about US$ 930 million, and Murray sold about US$ 90 million, representing about 10% of the world’s cities. In 2017, the market was about RMB 970 million, and in 2017, the market was about RMB 250 million, with the city accounting for about 26%.
In 2016, according to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, the company ranked third in the world (excluding Japan) and in the Chinese drug market. The sale of anaesthetic machines benefited from the introduction of medium- and high-end anaesthesia machine products.
In 2015-2017, the company generated revenues from the sale of anaesthesia machines, amounting to $368 million, $420 million and $542 million, and steadily growing.
The company’s anaesthetic machine still falls short of demand in heart or brain surgery, as compared to imported products such as Delgs.
There is still considerable room for improvement, and companies are expected to continue to roll out new products in the future, gradually completing the replacement of high-end anesthesia machines. Corporate sales in North America have increased steadily, from 538 in 2015 to 580, and the average unit price has increased from $19.14 million to $21.41 million, and total sales revenue has increased from $103 million to $124 million, of which no gains have been made.
The number of company anaesthesia machines sold on the North American market (one station) and figure 56: company anaesthesia machines sold on the North American market (ten thousand yuan)
(iv) Lightbeds: Essentially completed import replacements Lightbeds are mainly used for surgical operations during the period of surgery, including surgical beds, surgical lights and chandelier hangbridges, digital operating theatres, etc. The market orientation of the lightbeds is now in the overall solution, through the combination of related medical devices, int equipment or fittings.
On the basis of the engineering products, which provide one-stop shops and services, the construction process of operating theatres has been further regulated, the overall requirements of the cleaning air conditioning system have been raised, and the construction specifications for the rooms attached to the operating rooms have been increased.
The number of hospitals in the country rose from 27,000 at the end of 2015 to 29,000 at the end of 2016. If one hospital had 10 operating rooms, a total of 20,000 operating rooms would have been built in 2016; based on an average transaction value of 500,000 lightbeds in one operating theatre, a new hospital would have had a market capacity of 10 billion in 2016 alone.
In 2016, as a result of competition in the market, the prices of company lighthouse products fell slightly, resulting in a small drop in sales earnings. In 2017, companies stepped up market promotion, and the number of products sold rose; on the other hand, the share of high-end products, especially high-end surgical bed products, increased the average price of products, resulting in significant increases in sales revenue from company lighthouse products, and a real Māori rate.
The future development of lighthouse products will be directed towards electric surgical beds, surgical bed systems, which will optimize the hospital ' s operating procedures and improve medical efficiency.
iv. Three main product lines of the company: In vitro diagnosis. Blood cells and biochemistry are the company’s traditional superiors, benefiting from the development of closed, automated currents, and will remain industry leaders in the short term.
In the future, the company will further enrich the menu variety, complete the reagent variety, match high-end alternatives to automated waterline products, and improve the overall integration of external diagnostics.
(i) In vitro diagnostic industry ivd (invitrodiagnosis) refers to products and services that, outside the human body, obtain clinical diagnostic information through testing of human samples (blood, body fluid, tissue, etc.) in order to determine the function of the disease or the organism.
The in vitro diagnostic industrial chain is divided into three components: upstream production, medium circulation and downstream use; upstream raw materials are raw material producers of in vitro diagnostic instruments and reagents, with a higher degree of fragmentation and a higher threshold for product registration and certification by regulatory authorities; middle and middle tourism are mainly dealers, with more in vitro diagnostic products, and many enterprises are now marketed through distribution, with direct sales only.
Public hospitals, which have a strong voice, have a higher presence downstream, and end-users of in vitro diagnostic products are enriched by the continuous development of third-party testing facilities such as health centres, independent laboratories, etc.
1. Rapid growth in the in vitro diagnostics market and high concentration of industries in the global ivd market. In 2016, the global ivd market was about $61.7 billion, and the global ivd sector is projected to grow at an average annual compound growth rate of about 5% over the next few years.
The global concentration of the vd industry is high, with Siemens, Rhodes, Yape, and Danah four companies accounting for nearly 70% of the market share. In the future, as emerging economies grow in demand, and local producers rise, concentration will decline, but the international giant still enjoys a variety of advantages, such as technology, access, and financial power.
The in vitro diagnostic reagents sector is developing rapidly. With the acceleration of the ageing of the population, the promotion of grade-level diagnostics, the increase in preventive medical expenses and the continuous upgrading of diagnostic techniques, the in vitro diagnostic sector is developing rapidly. In 2016, the market for in vitro diagnostics was about 43 billion yuan, according to the Chinese Health Industry Blue Book published by the China Medical Industry Information Centre.
(2016) The market size of our vd is expected to reach 72.3 billion yuan by 2019, with an average annual compound growth rate of 18.7 per cent over three years. In 2016, our per capita expenditure on in vitro diagnostics was only about $4.6 per cent, which is only half the world average (World per capita expenditure on in vitro diagnosis in 2016 was about $8.5 per cent), much lower than in Europe and America (United States average expenditure on in vitro diagnosis is $62.8 per cent and Japan average for in vitro diagnosis).
On the one hand, the rising level of diagnosis and treatment, and the proliferation of new diagnostic needs, with many new testing projects added to the existing testing platforms; on the other hand, the rapid development of in vitro diagnostic technology has also provided a driving force for the growth of demand.
The policy supports the development of the in vitro diagnostics sector. The country has given high support to the in vitro diagnostics sector.
Health surveillance will focus on five major categories of medical devices, two of which are digital diagnostic equipment, molecular diagnostic instruments and reagents, which are the main directions of technological breakthroughs in the in vitro diagnosis industry.2 Future directions for development: chemical light, molecular diagnosis, spot
At present, the low end of the vd market is a testing technique widely used in the previous period, such as common enzyme immunisation products, which have been developed in a small amount of space and gradually replaced by other technologies; the middle end market has increased rapidly in recent years, with clear channel advantages, empty markets and import substitution space is wide; and the high end of the market is characterized by high technical barriers, mainly foreign products, and domestic manufacturers are currently in a state of latent research and development (R & D), not yet in place.
Chemical light is one of the trends in the future development of in vitro diagnostics. In vitro diagnostics are classified according to the principles of detection or diagnostic methods, and are divided mainly into biochemical diagnostics, immuno-diagnostics, molecular diagnostics, poct, blood diagnostics, etc., of which biochemical diagnosis is one of the first in vitro diagnostic subsectors to start in the country, accounting for about 20% of the in vitro diagnostics industry, and the biochemical reagent market is very mature.
Competition is intense and slow: the low- and medium-end biochemical instruments are saturated, moving toward containment and automatic flowlineization. Vaccination-free diagnosis is the largest and faster in the country’s off-site diagnostic market, with higher levels of domestic production of low- and medium-end products, which are still monopolized by overseas giants, and the country’s chemically luminous diagnostic products will benefit from technological and import substitution, with great prospects for development.
Molecular diagnosis is the most technically demanding in the in vitro diagnostic industry, and the country is still at an initial stage, with a small but rapidly growing market and a huge market space. (ii) Corporate in vitro diagnostic operations
In vitro diagnosis is one of the company ' s core product lines, which can be divided into biochemical diagnostics, chemical light and blood analysis products. In 2017, the company received 3.7 billion yuan in in vitro diagnostics, an increase of 29 per cent over the same period. In vitro diagnostic reagents accounted for 52 per cent in 2017 and instruments for about 44 per cent. In vitro diagnostic reagents with a high Māori rate rose from one year to the next.
The annual decline in the sales of the break analyser is due to the fact that the company has accumulated over the years and the accumulated number of machines has continued to increase, which has triggered the sale of the packaged reagents, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, the company ' s continuous introduction of new types of in vitro diagnostic reagents, which has led to a higher rate of income growth than the overall in vitro diagnosis. As the sales of in vitro diagnostic reagents have increased, the total amount of in vitro diagnostic products has increased.
Increased sales of high-end products, such as current waterlines and chemically luminous immune devices, as well as higher average sales prices. Compared to comparable companies in the same industry, the Māori rate of corporate external diagnostic reagents is slightly lower than that of the new industry and above the industry average;
The Māori rate of the in vitro diagnostic instrument is well above the industry average, 12 percentage points above the second new industry, indicating that corporate product formation, production efficiency and marketing strategies are all in the head of the industry. (iii) Hemoglobial biochemistry has an advantage, and chemical light will be a point of growth in the future.
Biochemical: The reagent area is already the Red Sea and the trend in closed and current waterlines is favourable to companies. 1.1 Biochemical diagnostics: intense competition, closed and current waterlines are the way forward Biochemical diagnosis is the first developed and most mature area of decomposition in vitro diagnosis, mainly using the Lambert-Beer law, adopted
Biochemical responses to biochemical indicators such as enzymes, sugars, resins, proteins and non-protein nitrogen, inorganic elements, are often used in basic screening projects such as blood sugar, blood, cholesterol, liver function, kidney function, etc. The scale of biochemical diagnosis in the country is slow and competitive.
The field is large and, according to the Kalomainformation, our biochemical diagnostic industry is expected to stabilize at a low rate of 5 to 7 per cent in the future, the slowest-growing segment of the current country's in vitro diagnostic market, but because of the time and cost advantages of biochemistry in the detection of specific projects, the biochemical diagnostic market is growing at a slower pace, but it is not completely immune to other diagnostics.
It is replaced by a cut-off method. Because of the simple principles of access, the relatively low threshold of entry, the high Māori rate of the product, and the fact that more than 70 per cent of the products are open systems, reagents and instruments need not be tied for sale, competition in this area is intense, product homogenization is high, market size is low, and the market is largely in a Red Sea market.
Due to the long period of development of biochemical diagnostics in the country and the fact that 70% of biochemical diagnostics are open-sourced, the domestic market for biochemical diagnostics is now more mature, and the product has largely been transformed from pure import agents to autonomous research and development. Due to the relatively low technical barriers to biochemical reagents, and the considerable price advantages of domestically produced reagents, as well as the advantages of full service packages,
However, in the case of biochemistry, domestic instruments are currently dominated by medium-to-low-end and are still difficult to compete with international giants in high-end markets. Since the country’s first-line municipal level III hospitals had more high-speed biochemical analysers and better branding of imported products in the past, it is important to note that there are more high-speed bioanalysts in the country’s first-line hospitals.
Closed systems and flowline-style biochemical diagnostics are the way forward. To improve the accuracy and accessibility of biochemical diagnostics, and thus improve their efficiency and reduce their costs, the international market for biochemical diagnostics is largely dominated by closed systems, and the domestic market is largely dominated by closed systems.
Biochemical manufacturers, represented in particular by major importers and national producers, have gradually embarked on a containment strategy for biochemical diagnostic systems. Closed systems are not only more accurate, but also easier to bind reagent products for the benefit of both companies and customers.
In terms of international development, high-end biochemical products are moving toward large automated waterlines that are modularized, not only to increase the speed of testing of individual instruments, but also to integrate multiple modules that allow fully automated processing, transmission, analysis, and data processing. Large automated waterlines are necessary for some of the country’s well-known tri-a-hospitals, which are too concentrated among patients, and are still in place.
We're now largely monopolized by international giants like Roth and Siemens, the main producers of automated currents in the country are Murray and Anto, which are also moving towards tri-a-hospitals.
1.2 The company has the leading industry in biochemistry and product capacity, and according to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, in 2016 it ranked third in the Chinese chemical and biological analysis product market. The company ' s biochemistry reagent products cover haemolysis, liver work, kidney work, cardiovascular, diabetes, rheumatism, and special proteins, and are well developed.
Technical platforms for product development, including enzyme-responsive technology platforms, anti-interference technology platforms, and glue-leaching technology platforms, have significantly improved the quality and efficiency of product development. In this context, the glue-leaching platform has broken through the bottlenecks of traditional technological processes that are complex and inefficient, and has formed a concoct that is unique to the industry, leading the industry in the performance of the related emulsion reagents.
The company's ability to build and produce biochemistry is paramount throughout the country, with the introduction of multi-model full-automatic biochemical analysis systems in the bs-200, bs-300, bs-400/480, bs-800, bs-2000 series, and so on, making Murray's medical service a small number of companies around the world that can provide a full range of high-performance biochemical testing systems.
It is also possible to create a sal 6000 fully automatic bio-immun water flow line via a unique sample treatment module spl1000 link designed for buffers, and to develop a new version of the Integrated Bio-immunization test solution to capture automated water lines at the high end of the country.
Blood cell analysis: the company's traditional advantage area The blood cell analyser is an instrument for classifying white cells, red cells, blood platelets in the blood by electroresistance, which can also get blood-related data on hemoglobin concentrations, red cell pressure, the proportion of individual cell fractions, etc., depending on the white cell.
Classification criteria, which can be divided into three categories and five groups of blood cells. The three categories and five categories are actually for white cells, and the three categories are for the division of white cells into three groups, and by a certain dilution fluids will be for small cells (lymph cells), intermediate cells (acidate cells, alkaline and mononucleic cells) and large cells (medium particle cells). The five categories are for white cells by a certain dilution and chemical dyeing method.
Directly divided into neutral particle cells, lymphocytes, acidic cell cells, alkaline particle cells, and single nuclear cells. With the rapid development of technology and the reduction of its costs, the five classifications are widely applied in hospitals, the three-class blood-ballometers sink into town health clinics, the generic reagent competition is intense, the producers’ profits are thin and the market for the three categories is shrinking.
Blood analysis has a stable pattern of competition in the domestic city of Murray. Blood analysis has a low weight (6%), a limited annual increase (2-3%), more mature analytical techniques, slower technological upgrading, and more stable patterns of competition in the market. In global markets, the higher-market producers are Heisen Meikang of Japan (44.4%), Japan (44.4%), Japan (44.4%).
Danacher in the United States (Beck Mankult: 25.4%), horiba-abx in France (10.7%), Yape (9.8%) and Siemens (9.8%). China has the highest share of the market in China, with Heisen Meikang (47%), and the second most prominent medical officer in Myri (27%), and Baker Mankulte in the third place, with its third but very low ratio (5%).
The taxonomic instruments sink down to the township health centres and some level-I hospitals, mostly open systems, with reagents competitive but smaller in size; the five classification instruments are basically closed systems, using the original reagents, with a higher concentration. The company began to market the first semi-automatic three-class blood cell analyser in our country in 1998 and then developed five taxonomic cells.
The blood cell analyser is the company’s acetylene product. According to the offer, 32% of the total number of installed machines in 2015 are now at the same level as Heisen Meikang, where the expected number is about 60%. The company’s bloodball product is currently the only product of national ivd products that can fully replace the international giant, and is already well advanced among its domestic clients.
End client, Murray's blood cell market gradually increased from 20.9 per cent in 2014 to 27 per cent in 2016, after Heisen Meikang. Figure 83: Corporate product profiles.
A three-class blood cell analysis platform based on resistance and contrasting methods, (2) a medium- and low-class blood cell analysis platform based on chemical dyeing and fluid cell technique, and (3) a high-end blood cell analysis platform based on unique fluorescent dyeing, fluid cell technique, scattering-fluorescent 3-D (sf-cube) analysis techniques. The three-class product is favoured by customers with excellent quality and high value for value;
At the same time, through the development and distribution of blood-cell workstations, companies have made a breakthrough in innovation in their industries by taking key technologies from fully automated chip dyers and cascade systems. Companies have comprehensively covered the intellectual re-examination of re-examination rules, the industrialization of high-end technologies such as stimuli, cell dyeing patterns, etc.
New poles and technical barriers to the industry of high-end product systems were constructed with high performance and reliability.3 Chemical luminum: future trends in immuno-diagnostics, full corporate advantage of 3.1 chemical luminescence is one of the future trends in immuno-diagnostics
Immuno-diagnosis is determined by the specific properties of antigens and antibodies, which are tested for small molecular proteins, hormones, fatty acids, vitamins, drugs, etc., mainly for hepatitis tests, sexually transmitted diseases, oncological tests, pregnancy tests, etc.
Line signals show that technological developments have evolved through techniques such as isotope radioimmunisation (ria), glue gold, enzyme immunisation (elisa), inter-triffia (trfia), chemical glia (clia). Chemical luminous advantages have gradually replaced enzyme immunisation.
We have a high level of competition for immuno-diagnostic reagents, mainly based on enzyme immunosupplication. The enzyme immunisation still accounts for a certain market share, but it is being used because of its manual operation, many steps such as hatching, washing boards, scavenging, radiating, rehydration, etc., which are more subjectively influenced, less sensitive, longer testing times and less precise quantification.
Sub-level 3 hospitals were replaced by sub-level 3 hospitals, which gradually replaced IUD immunization. Due to the high chemical threshold for immunisation, the chemical lighting market has increased from less than 50% in 2010 to 73% in 2015, while the market share for IUD has decreased from 44% to 17%.
It's difficult, as importers now monopolize 90% of the country's chemical lighting market, with the four largest companies, Roth, Yape, Danah, Siemens, accounting for more than 80% of the country's chemical lighting market, especially in level III hospitals. Since 2010, when the country's first fully automated chemical luminometer was launched, the country's chemical luminators have flourished, with some high-end fully automated luminous chemicals instruments.
Test speeds, reagents, sample levels, testing menus, etc., are already comparable to those of the international giants. Although there is still a gap between chemistry, light closures, and the performance of most domestic products at present, national substitution is more difficult than open bio-diagnoses, but companies represented by new industries and lens life cut directly into high-end advantages or features.
The level-III hospital market, which takes advantage of the localization of services, prices, and technological advantages of national companies in certain niche areas, replaces the share of imports. Many level-II and below hospitals are still using traditional enzyme immunisation methods. As the level of maturity of chemical light rises, chemical light will continue to replace enzyme immunisation, national product plates with a comparative advantage, and the market for level-II and sub-hospitals.
In a closed system, early layout companies have a pre-design advantage. Unlike chemically luminous and biochemical diagnostics, the exact level of precision is high and must be performed in a fully closed environment to prevent cross-contamination, basically closed systems, reagents and instrument bindings.
It is determined that instruments are difficult to develop, technical barriers are high, inputs are high, and companies with early deployment of chemical luminators have a pre-emptive and cardboard advantage and will still enjoy full industrial dividends. The country’s current pre-distribution companies, Mike Bios, Andu Organisms, Murray Medical Care, among others, have introduced home-grown chemical luminators and their co-agents, and the amount of chemical luminators is growing rapidly.
The field of chemical light has taken the lead. Large companies with extensive testing projects and strong research and development have a competitive advantage. Chemical light carries out multiple tests in the same instrument, monitors a package, sells it in a closed package, and if the package is not complete, the types of tests provided are not sufficient.
Inducing customers to buy instruments, companies that test the project’s abundance are competitive only if the reagents are complete. Domestic firms are now actively undertaking multi-project R & D registrations, with a constant abundance of light reagents to meet the different needs of their clients. On the other hand, the same array of R & D projects and continuous R & D have also made R & D more difficult and more expensive, increasing barriers to entry into the industry.
At the end of 2013, the company released a series of fully automated tube-based luminous products, cl-2000i.
By 2018, high-speed cl-6000i had been introduced, and four chemical luminous instruments had been introduced, with a new cl-6000i single machine detection rate of up to 480 t/h, which would allow up to 300 samples to be taken at the same time, could also be associated with the company's biochemical level to biochemically protect the water flow line, and could also form a double-module cascade of up to cl-6000im2 with a speed of up to 960 t/h, with a performance comparable to that of the international giant product.
The company’s ever-increasing number of machines and its growing number of reagents has led to a steady increase in the volume of reagents sold. The company’s current capacity is over 3,000 light machines, producing single species per year, including myocardial signs, diabetes, anaemia, infectious diseases, oncological signs, thyroid functions, sex hormones, osteoporosis.
In addition, pg1, pg2, scca, ca50 are still under development and will continue to improve the detection product, in the future, in the form of a deep-deep chemical luminous market, which will gradually take over the foreign product market.
In addition, the company is actively developing new analysers and multi-reagent testing projects, with plans to develop special tests such as liver fibres, hypertension, etc. The distribution channels system is mature and the testing classes are constantly improving. The company's pre-existing biochemical products have been well marketed in hospitals, chemical light products have been marketed with a wide range of results, and the company's new chemical luminous instrument can also be associated with biochemical fluids.
V. Three of the company’s three main product lines: medical imaging. Medical imaging products include ultrasound diagnostic systems and digital x-ray imaging systems. Ultrasound equipment is the current revenue from the business.
In the form of curves or images showing the physiological state of the disease, medical equipment to help diagnose the disease. Classification by portable device, ultrasound, ready to be divided into two main categories: desktop and portable; classified by detection function, ultrasound devices can be further divided into coloured and black and white, in which black and white images reflect the morphological characteristics of tissues, organs, etc.
The black and white superstructure also allows extra detection of the flow of blood and provides doctors with a greater amount of visual information, so that color is better than clinically compared to black and white. Figure 89: Ultrasound and imaging diagrams
Figure 90: Corporate income from medical imagery operations and Māori composition, 2015-2017,1 relatively mature global markets, mainly due to stock growth, with compound annual growth of 5.82 per cent, the driving force behind the future growth of ultrasound equipment in overseas markets, particularly in developed overseas markets
Europe has the largest market, and Asia and the Pacific is the engine of future growth. In terms of geographical distribution, Europe has the largest market, but the differences in the size of markets in Europe, North America, and Asia and the Pacific are not particularly marked. However, Asia and the Pacific has a much larger population than North America and Europe, so it has a much larger population than Europe.
Asia-Pacific markets will have significantly less per capita ultrasound equipment holdings than Europe and America, and the potential for market growth is still very high, and only Murray is in the top 10 of the world ' s ultrasound rankings on national product plates. Globally, there are now many suppliers of ultrasound equipment, including General Electric, Philip, and Toshiba, with a combined market share of 60%.
The two major Philips have always maintained a high market share, and Siemens has been overtaken by Toshiba and Japan because of their own business problems. Only Murray is ranked sixth in the top 10 of the global ultrasound market.
The trend towards a step-by-step reduction of the black and white supermarket share, and the tendency towards the layout of the company ' s product lines, is consistent with the trend of market change; by product portability, the market share of the desktop ultrasound is still the dominant market, with a market share of about 70 per cent, but as the portable ultrasound performance continues to improve, coupled with its lightweight advantages, the market share of the portable ultrasound will continue to grow in the future.
According to statistics from the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, in 2015, the domestic sale of Miles Medical Ultrasound equipment was ranked first, but the price of Maery's medical products was lower than the import brand, and the medium- and lower-end products in the product structure increased faster because of their competitive price sales.
The sales were ranked fourth, with a market share of 10%. In 2016, Méri was ranked third in the domestic market for ultrasound equipment, further increasing the competitiveness of the corporate market for ultrasound equipment. Figure 96: Domestic market patterns for ultrasound equipment in 2015 (by volume of sales)
Figure 97: Market patterns for ultrasound equipment in the country in 2015 (by sales) The number of ultrasound holdings in the country is currently around 170,000, with annual replacements of about 56,000. According to Citibank ' s 2012 study of 400 hospitals in the country, the average number of ultrasound stations in level III hospitals, level II hospitals and level I hospitals was respectively
Twelve, five, and two, and as a result of the expansion over the years, the average number of ultrasound stations is now expected to be 15, 7 and 4 in the tertiary, level II and level I hospitals, respectively, and the market is expected to be about 180,000. The duration of the super-upgrading is estimated to be around 6-8 years, and the number of replacements per year is expected to be about 5-66,000.
With the expansion of grass-roots medical care, there has been a trend in recent years to increase the number of procurement projects in various areas of the colour superb series, and sales in the ultrasound market are expected to continue to accelerate. At the grass-roots level, centralized procurement is more demanding for prices, with the center end (60-1.2 million) and the lower end (100,000-300,000) being the dominant.
There is a wealth of medical appliances, and there is a greater bargaining advantage in the bidding process, so that the winning project at the grass-roots level is the most successful manufacturer. Because of its own low price of winning bids, dominated by “volume-for-value” purchases, the growth in public-sector sales is not very significant, but it is very meaningful for corporate markets.
Specialise ultrasound and high-end braiding are the areas of focus for future domestic manufacturers. The national hypersound is no different from the outside world in greyscale images, but there is still a certain gap between high-end colours in colour sensitivity, data analysis evaluation, etc., and abroad, and therefore the super 3-A hospital has a higher demand for high-end over-imports because of problematic or cutting-edge academic demands.
This is one of the areas of focus for future national producers, which could contribute significantly to the performance of national producers if national producers are promoted. In addition, our hospitals, now dominated by ultrasound, will gradually converge towards the United States, with an increasing demand for specialized competitions, such as cardiovascular ultrasound, breast ultrasound, maternity ultrasound, intervention ultrasound, and so on, for clarity.
Sensitivity, chip technology and Doppler technology are high and are one of the priority areas for the future layout of national producers. The specialist hypersonic resona8 and the launch of the "Mulan" series are both pro-sophisticated and ultrasound generations. (ii) The price of the company's ultrasound products has risen and the coverage of medical institutions has grown dramatically.
The company has now entered the ultrasound area for more than 20 years in 1996, the first black and white ultrasound dp-9900 in 2002, the first full-colour ultrasound dc-6 in 2006, and the first colored Doppler ultrasound system m5 in 2008. In 2013, the company acquired the high-end ultrasound image manufacturer Sonare, the founder of the Zonare team from acusson acquired by Siemens.
Ultrasound, which built on the acusson technology, launched the first high-end color ultrasound system in 2015, resona7. Figure 98: The company ' s growth history of superproducts accounts for 19.0% of the total income.
Over the last three years, coverage by the North American market’s end-of-service medical institutions has increased significantly, with the opening of medical care being the company’s most important competitor among the national lottery super-producers.
The size of the divisional super-business has been 2-3 times the size of the open-door medical service, with two companies showing a generally consistent trend in sales earnings from the sale of the super-products, while the company ' s Māori ratio has remained slightly higher than that of the open-door medical service and the gap continues to grow.
On the whole, barriers to entry in the medical visual equipment industry lie in technical and skill barriers, brand barriers, market access barriers, and financial barriers. As a leading domestic, international, super-producer industry, Mary's health care has developed a strong research and development team and a marketing team for over a decade, with a good brand image in the market: at the same time, it is a big business.
Strong safeguards for sustained R & D and market diffusion by companies.vi. Large R & D investments, excellent distribution channels (i) Large R & D investments, driving companies ' long-term development
1. Research and development on new technologies for new products and development has always been a source of continued competitiveness for medical equipment manufacturers. The company attaches great importance to research and development, the investment in research and development has been increasing year by year, and the share of research and development investment in revenue has remained at around 10%, and it has accounted for research and development in large international medical equipment companies.
In 2017, the company developed 1,132 million yuan in research and development, riding the dust out of the research and development inputs of the entire company of a medical instrument plate. For example, the share of business R & D inputs in revenue collection has remained high, and the highest proportion of R & D inputs in their respective collections is the medical imaging product.
Core technological R & D capabilities in areas such as medical imagery can continuously increase the technical content of products, accelerate the import substitution of instruments in high-end areas, and further expand market share. Figure 106: Comparison of R & D inputs and shares of companies with comparable companies
Figure 108: Share of R & D inputs in major product lines as compared to their respective receipts2 and high priority given to the development of R & D personnel
Eight hundred and forty-nine senior engineers, 293 chief engineers, and 24 senior chief engineers. The company ' s research and development staff cover a wide range of disciplines, including electronics, computer technology, sensor technology, clinical medicine, biochemistry, with diversified, composite staffing leading to the company ' s core technology development of multiple product lines.
The company has eight major R & D centres with more than 1700 R & D engineers in Shenzhen, Nanjing, Beijing, Xian, Chengdu, Silicon Valley, New Jersey, USA, and Seattle. The company is already around life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medicine.
The company is also planning to complete the construction of laboratories for blood cell analysis and systems development, biochemical analysis and systems development, and ultrasound development to provide a separate laboratory for new research and development.
In 2002, with the approval of the Ministry of Science and Technology, the National Centre for the Engineering of Medical Diagnostic Devices was set up under the Ministry of Health. In 2006, the Centre was officially set up to break the international monopoly and improve the overall level of high-end medical devices in China and their competitiveness in the international market. In 2016, the company acquired the title of the National Centre for Enterprise Technology, which provides key common technologies for the industry.
Autonomous intellectual property rights support the development of domestically produced medical devices and serve as a model and leader in the high-tech sector of medical equipment.4 A strong technological reserve in research projects provides the basis for the continued development of companies that have taken a significant lead in developing their capabilities and technological autonomy, with their main core technologies in the three product areas.
Major R & D acquisition. The company has some core technological R & D capabilities in life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, and technology covering acoustics, materials, precision processing, process design, clinical medicine, etc., and has a strong technological reserve. The company has over 2900 applications, 19% patents on inventions in the United States, and the National Commission for Change (CNDC) patent on inventions in 2017.
In 2013, the company-owned invention patent “A fluid cell detector device and its realization of a flow cell detection method” was awarded the Chinese patent gold prize, which achieved a zero-fault break in the medical equipment industry on the Chinese patent gold prize. In 2017, the company participated in the invention.
During the twelfth and fifth editions, the company led the national technology support project, "The development of high-end, full-coloured Doppler ultrasound diagnostic equipment, the auto-refractor and remote management maintenance system" and the 863 project, "The development of a new generation of high-performance five-class blood cell analysis system " , were filled.
The high-end technological gaps in China’s medical equipment industry have led to the creation of national-produced ultrasound imaging equipment, in vitro defibrillation equipment and blood cell analysis equipment that are functional, performance and even partially outpacing international leadership.
Production research cooperation is an important form of organization for corporate innovation, which is constantly encouraged and explored, taking into account the real needs of the company, and which has resulted in a model of business-led, market-oriented, integrated cooperation in production and research, laying a solid foundation for rapid industrialization. The company is mainly based on the United States Arts and Crafts Group, the China People’s Liberation Army General Hospital, the Shenzhen City People’s Hospital, and Miami Daydjee, United States.
In addition, during the 13th Five-Year Period, the National Priority Research and Development Program, Multifunctional Dynamic Real-Time Three-D Imaging System, was launched in 2016 and is expected to be launched in partnership with the Institute of Advanced Technology of the Middle School, Shenzhen University, Xiyang Transport University, Qinghua University, North Medical College, North Dae Shenzhen Hospital.
A major technological breakthrough in the area of ultrasound imaging. (ii) Outgoing M & As.
Long-term development. Since 2008, companies have completed mergers and acquisitions abroad, establishing a guardian and ultrasound market position at the global level, and have completed mergers and acquisitions at the national level for companies such as deep medical, Suzhou Hee-sheng, Zhejiang Greenland, and a variety of products, and have acquired a wealth of experience in mergers and acquisitions, leading their domestic counterparts in terms of efficiency, volume and quantity of M & As.
Industry. Through continuous extension of M&As, companies continue to build and consolidate their global integration platforms for R&D, marketing and manufacturing. (iii) The excellence of distribution channels and their ability to sell are also top priorities for business expansion, with mature channels that facilitate the sale of corporate products and the marketing of new products.
As of December 31, 2017, there were more than 2,600 company sales workers. The company’s sales model consisted mainly of direct sales and distribution. Companies in the United States dominated direct sales; in Europe, direct sales and distribution coexisted in accordance with the industry characteristics of different countries; and distribution dominated China, Latin America and other developing countries and regions.
The distribution model means that the company sells the product first to the distributor and then to the final customer.
The company has 17 subsidiaries, more than 40 branches and more than 30 autonomous regions of the country.
Companies. As the domestic market for equipment and equipment continues to grow rapidly, as the domestic production of domestic medical equipment and graded medical treatments progress, companies expand their domestic markets at the grass-roots level, and the domestic sales and domestic income share continue to rise. The number and sales of clients of the company’s domestic medical apparatuses have increased steadily, with customers of the company’s tertiary, secondary, level I and other medical institutions growing in 2017.
The number of clients in other health-care establishments was the highest, with 73%. In terms of sales revenue, the sales earnings of all health-care institutions remained at a rate of more than 30% in 2017, the distribution of the revenues was stable. In 2017, companies in the corporate countries dominated the distribution process in the country. In 2016 and 2017, the top clients were Nanjing Beyden, with sales from 16 years.
6.286 million yuan has grown to 105.4553 million yuan in 17 years. Nanjing Beden is a b2b self-employed platform that focuses on the needs of private medical institutions, township health homes, clinics, etc., and combines the service model on the line with the development of a national, efficient and low-cost medical equipment promotion and marketing channel, currently located in the downstream sector, mainly among the American Year of Health, small-scale medical equipment distributors and others.
The company ' s physical controller, Xu Air, was involved in the company ' s investments, indirectly holding 4.65 per cent of the company ' s shares; the company ' s cooperation with Beden ' s operations has been expanding since 2015, with the volume of single purchases of corporate products and the overall volume of purchases growing faster and is expected to continue in the future2 and direct distribution and distribution on the international market.
Companies have subsidiaries in more than 30 countries outside the country, selling products in more than 190 countries and regions. Companies have become long-term partners in leading health-care institutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and France.
The product brands are mostly sold, but they are determined by the hospital. The gpo is primarily responsible for price negotiations, etc. The company has a professional sales team, and has worked with five American collective purchasing organizations, mpg, medassets, novation, premier, amernet. The company’s products have entered two thirds of the United States hospitals, covering nearly 10,000 end-of-life medical institutions in North America.
Figure 117: Number of foreign clients of different sizes, Figure 118: Income of foreign customers of different sizes. In Europe, companies have adopted a sales model of “direct marketing + distribution”, and corporate products continue to enter high-end medical groups in Europe.
In developing countries, such as Latin America, companies have adopted a marketing model that has developed a well-developed and well-covered distribution system, with products entering multiple integrated and specialized hospitals. The company’s direct sales clients have remained relatively stable, with the first direct sales clients in 2015-2017 being the Kaiser Medical Group in the United States.
The state and Washington, D.C., have 39 hospitals and 680 medical centres. The Kaiser Medical Group, formerly a client of DataScope, has been trading with Murray for many years since he acquired DataScope.
The company has a full-scale, full-time, full-process post-sales service system, which is managed through the industry-led Crm Customer Relationship Management Platform to ensure the quality of the service.
The company’s service system provides continuous upgrades of the equipment purchased, maintenance of the technological sophistication of the equipment, and assurance of the client’s equipment configuration.
The company has a global after-sales system. The company has a three-tier technical support structure outside the country, 28 sub-divisions abroad provide a local overseas service line to receive customer service announcements, and more than 100 in-situ direct service sites provide on-site services to clients.
In addition, the company's overseas subsidiaries provide post-sales technical training to local end-users and channel resources. In the country, the company has a complete "Headquarters - Branch - Direct Service Station - Service Subcontractor" service network structure with more than 45 direct in situ service stations and more than 500 high-quality authorized service sub-contractors.
The company has more than 500 direct engineers and more than 1900 specialized service sub-contractors trained, evaluated and certified by the former plant.
(iv) Recruiting to build and expand productive capacity Annually high capacity utilization of company products, energy utilization of products such as tremors, anesthesia, vd reagents, vd analysers, etc. Saturation has been achieved, and further upgrading of company production of line products through fund-raising projects has helped to alleviate corporate capacity bottlenecks and push
In comparison with their domestic counterparts, Méri ' s health has a clear advantage in terms of volume, with a much higher total revenue in 2017.
In the case of similar companies in the country, per capita operating income is also in the first echelon, very close to Cohua Biology, which is 1.5 times the per capita operating income of the second echelon of companies that are represented by Mike Bios. In terms of net return profits, they are affected by the size of the business, and the net return profits of Murray’s medical care are very large with the same company.
In recent years, corporate net cash flows have been good. Over time, companies have run their own operations.
Sexual cash flows are growing year by year and are increasing at a more stable rate, mainly due to the growth in the size of the company’s business and sales, on the one hand, and the positive return of cash flows due to the company’s ability to negotiate upstream and downstream. In contrast to other companies in the industry, Murray’s cash flows are significantly higher than those of other companies in the industry, and in 2017 they were eight times higher than those of the second Antu.
The main reason is also that Murray has a much larger body than any other company, and has a stronger position in the upstream and downstream world than any other company. Multiple percentage points. The size effect of the company’s aggregates has helped to reduce the company’s costs, and the company’s rich product lines have made the firm’s gross interest rate significantly higher than that of other companies.
In terms of the cost of the period, Murray has a higher sales cost than the industry average, which is related to the costs of market breeding of new products and increasing market penetration of older products, which is also an important guarantee of the firm ' s steadily increasing market position for products; the management cost rate is roughly close to the industry ' s average level; and the financial cost rate is higher than the industry ' s average in 2017.
The aggregate loss due to exchange rate fluctuations, mainly due to the higher share of the company’s overseas income in operating income, has led to a significant increase in financial costs over the year, but financial costs are still very small compared to the company’s operating income, with short-term exchange rate fluctuations having little long-term impact on the company’s performance.
The Division has continuously introduced new products to the market over the years, but is influenced by the scale of operating income, and its R & D cost rate is roughly at the industry ' s moderate level.
A comparison of the net asset yields of Murray ' s medical and comparable companies shows that the net asset yields of Murray ' s medical care are well ahead, 1.72 times higher than those of the second Antu organism, and are the result of a combination of several factors: (1) net operating interest rates are higher than the industry average, second only to the Antu organism; (2) asset turnover is 81.52 per cent, corresponding to the second echelon of open medical care, down from 95.71 per cent in Bollet.
But it is much higher than the industry’s third-tier team of companies like Antobi; (3) the equity multiplier is 2.46, well above the industry’s average, indicating that the company has, to some extent, pushed up the net asset rate of return by increasing its liabilities. In terms of the pre-receipt rate, the pre-receipt rate for Murray’s medical care has increased year after year in recent years, and in 2017 it was closer to the second section.
Two times the size of Chinese biology, which indicates that companies' bargaining power vis-à-vis downstream customers is increasing and market influence is increasing; in terms of advance payment rates, Murray has been at the lowest level in the industry, indicating that companies have a very strong bargaining power over upstream suppliers, and the market has seen a growing turnover of corporate receivables in terms of both receivables and inventory turnover, with comparable companies in 2017.
After Antoms, the company’s accounts receivable is running fast and the maturity is reduced. The company’s stock turnover is down and is at a middle-stream level in comparable companies, but because the company itself uses a sales strategy of “deposit, proper stocking”, combined with the boom in the company’s pre-receipt rate, suggests a stronger downstream demand for the company’s products, possibly using a model of first-receipt redistribution.
In vitro diagnostic operations: With a new generation of chemical luminous instruments and reagents, it is expected to remain at a higher rate than industry, and it is expected that the company ' s product lines will be divided into three major parts: Life Information and Support, In vitro Diagnosis and Medical Images, with a segment valuation method for the comparable shares of Life Information and Support Blocks of a company with symmetric instruments and Bollett: In vitro diagnostic plates.
In July, the US imposed a 25% tariff on $34 billion in Chinese products, all of which are already in the top class in the US.
Of the $34 billion tariff list, the company has been partially affected in three quarters. In 2017, the total value of the company ' s tariff on all products sold to the United States was $754 million. If the tariff was increased by 25 per cent, it would amount to $18.9 million, or 7.28 per cent of the total net profit in 2017. If the trade war situation continued to deteriorate, it would have a greater impact on the company ' s operations in North America and abroad.
In 2015-2017, the company’s reputation was 1.314 billion yuan, 1.389 billion yuan, and 1.321 billion yuan, if any.
The company’s future business performance of the asset group or portfolio of assets associated with the foreign M&A is not as good as expected, resulting in recoverable amounts below its book value, and there is a risk that the goodwill in question will be impaired, reducing the company’s current profits or even losses. Currently, districts such as Shaanxi, Heilongjiang, Anhui, Xianxi, etc. have started a double vote system for in vitro diagnostic reagents or medical consumables.
The medical equipment industry is a technology-intensive industry, with high demand for technological innovation and product research and development capabilities, and a longer research and development cycle. As a result, the development of new products may face deviations from the R & D route, the cost of R & D inputs, and the R & D process.
The expansion of the medical equipment company involved the acquisition of datascope’s custody business, deep-mary technology, Suzhou Heesheng, Zhejiang Greenland, Changsha Sky Man, Hangzhou Light, Wuhande Bail, Shanghai Medical Light, Sonare, Ulco, North.
Many companies, such as Jing Pulson and Shanghai Long Island, may have a negative impact on the company’s operations, finances and operations if they cannot effectively integrate the merger or bid, or if the company does not effectively attract or retain talent, or if the company fails to expand the business as expected. Rates have a certain impact on the firm’s operations and operations.
Exchange-rate fluctuations can also have an impact on firms’ exchange-rate gains and losses. A policy of centralizing consumption procurement has been introduced in regions such as Zhejiang, which, if promoted nationally in the future, could lead to a greater downward pressure on consumer prices, such as external diagnostic reagents, which could affect companies’ performance.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data