Cost advantage building, technology upgrading market 0803, 2023 Keyword: #a shift in product structure leads to higher profitability
• China’s Great Stones: Global Treasure Dragon, a profitable-run industry. China’s Great Stone Front was founded in 1993 and has grown into the world’s leader in the field of fibre-optics through the initial creation, the scale of production, the high-end and globalization of products, and the creation of smartness. By the end of 2022, the company had produced approximately 2.45 million tons of fibre-clothing, silt/electronics.
In 2016-2021, the company collected and returned to the Zhent Group (as far as 2022 q3 held 15.6% of the shares) under the control of the founder of the Stones.
Heavy asset attributes, steep cost curves, leading enterprises with technological accumulations, capital and managerial advantages Cost gaps, leading the cost curve, industry's high concentration characteristics of “stronger and stronger”, and demand for enterprise R & D capabilities as demand rises at the middle and high ends, especially wind leaf blades.
In 2022, the need to add up to production capacity, both inside and outside of the bra, led to an excess, a down-to-the-bottom climate, and a slowdown in storage from 2022 q4 to 2022. We believe that in 2023, the bra is expected to return to a balance of supply and demand, and that the industry’s reservoirs are slowing down or beginning to deflate, and that the atmosphere is at the bottom.
Warm, more profitable industries if wind demand is more elastic than expected. (i) Low-wind output slows down, we measure 204,000 tonnes per year of effective net additional production in 2023 and more effective production than in 2022 + 3.8 per cent per year. (ii) domestic warming is expected to boost the recovery of fibre optic demand, of which traditional building materials and hot plastic demand are expected to return.
Corporate: Cost leads in building pre-existing advantages and product upgrading deepens the moat. (1) Company costs are well positioned to benefit from the cost advantages of raw materials, energy consumption, large leaks, leachate-based processes, and technologically constructed reservoirs.
With the launch of the new cold-renovation cycle, companies are expected to further scale up production lines, optimize the power consumption and productivity of the pool kilns, while the increase in the ratio of intellectual manufacturing capacity is expected to increase overall labour productivity, reduce unit labour costs and continue to consolidate corporate cost advantages. (2) Companies continue to innovate to drive technological upgrading, with companies pushing ahead in 2020.
E9 high-modulus product, which for the first time made a breakthrough of 100 gpa and achieved a level of mass production with global leadership, followed by a continuation of the high-end application of fibre-optic composite materials. The company built a second-growth curve with excellent results, thermal plastic products, electronic veils/cloths have reached the world’s number one, and applications have continued to expand.
Target profits release the Overprofit Sharing Program, which provides a wide range of incentives to share corporate development results with employees, and helps accelerate the company’s medium- and long-term planning down, with the company achieving three “first” goals ahead of schedule in 2022.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company’s current net market rate is at the bottom of the region, and with the industry’s booming industry, the company roe
The recovery is expected to boost the city’s net return to its historical centre. We expect the company’s profits to return on a seasonal basis in 2023, mainly as a result of accelerated re-establishment of the demand-supply balance under a warmer demand, leading to higher profits in electronics and restoration of the brave. The company’s current dynamic market surplus is slightly lower than the industry average; due to the high historical hub, the company is currently operating.
Risks; risks of further recession in the overseas economy; risks of higher original fuel prices than expected. China’s Great Stone: The Way to Growth of the Global Treasure Big One 1.1. Moving from the Kiyochi Gate to the world stage, four times changed.
China’s Great Stones Frontière, Great Stones and Fibres Ltd. was established in 1993 to focus on the business of fibreglass and products. After more than 20 years of development, it has now become the world’s leader in the field of fibres and fibres. The development of companies can be divided into four phases: (1) the initial creation period (1993-2003): the company’s predecessor, Jinxiang.
Founded in 1993, the first autonomously designed kiln in China was set on fire in 1994 and listed in 1999 with China ' s CSP. (2) Production scale (2004-2007): with the relocation and upgrading of Qinjiang ' s headquarters in 2004, the company entered the production scale-up phase, producing 40,000 tons of alkaline-free fibre-cylinder kilns each year.
The project, which produced 30,000 tons per year, 10,000 tons per year, 100,000 tons per year, 100,000 tons per year, 100,000 tons per year, and 12 tons per year, 12 tons per year, produced 12 tons per year, and 1st year, the company produced the first in Asia. (3) High-end product composition, global layout (2008 - 2017): 600,000 tons in 2008
After the construction was completed, the company’s production capacity rose to the highest in the world; it has since continued to promote scientific and technological innovation, successfully developing high-performance formulations such as e6, e7 and e8 and investing in factories in Egypt, the United States, etc., to begin a globalized layout. (4) Manufacturing smartness (since 2018): the company’s smart manufacturing base has come into operation and production efficiency has leapfrogled: the e9 model has been successfully developed.
Management's glimmer of business experience. The company's founder, Zhang Xiangqiang, was the first to go back to 1971 to work at the Shihmendong windmill plant, driving the giant stone from the village of Narang to the world.
In addition to the executives assigned by the China Building Materials Group, Yang Kuo Ming joined the company in 1994, 1995 and 2002 to stabilize himself from the grass-roots level.
Figure 2: China's Big Stone executive profile, listed on China's CSP year, and the company listed in 2002 explicitly used the fibres as a business because of the good business performance of the Big Stone.
The strategic direction was to gradually strip away the bad assets and change their name to “China Fibre” in 2004. After many changes in equity, the company's first shareholder now holds 27.0 per cent of China's build-up stock under the banner of China's China Builders Group, and the second shareholder is the Founder of Giant Stone's Zhense Group, which holds 15.6 per cent of the shares, and the owner of the company's main business.
This is done through a fully-owned consortium of giant stones. “America’s private sector” makes it possible to benefit from the resource advantages of the country, while maintaining the marketability, enforcement, etc. of the private sector, a classic example of our mixed ownership practice.
The company’s product is dominated by the unalkali fibre-clothing industry, which is the leading industry in the world. On the product side, the product content of the company is more than 3,000 species of specifications for the optics and products, and downstream demand includes building materials, automobile parts, electronic communications, wind.
In the area of marketing, companies have established marketing networks in 14 countries and regions, mainly to the long-triangular, bead triangles, as well as to more than 100 countries and regions in North America, the Middle East, Europe, South-East Asia and Africa.
Companies have been listed to date with steady growth in income and excellent profitability. Measures such as a rise in corporate collections and net repatriations in 2016-2021 and higher-end product ratios, lower efficiency gains, and a high growth in corporate performance in 2021, leading to a strong external market for internationalization and trade risk avoidance.
The EU imposed an anti-dumping duty of 13.8 per cent on China’s fibre-optic exports at the end of 2010, involving sales of the bovine veil, which accounted for nearly 10 per cent of the total sales in the year, and then the Department began to expand overseas, accelerating the deployment of the “tricontinentals” and increasing its resilience to trade risks.
With regard to the distribution of production capacity, at the end of 2021, the company ' s overseas production accounted for 12.6 per cent of total production capacity. By the end of 2021, the total capacity of the company ' s three production lines at its base in Egypt amounted to 200,000 tonnes/year, with a capacity utilization rate of 123.9 per cent in 2021 and 96,000 tonnes/year in South Carolina, United States of America, with a capacity utilization rate of 90.8 per cent in 2021; and, throughout 2021, within the company ' s own country/country, with a capacity utilization rate of 90.8 per cent per year.
External sales accounted for 65 per cent/35 per cent and main business revenues 67 per cent.33 per cent respectively. The company ' s base Egypt 4 was successfully lit on 15 December 2022 with a capacity of 120,000 tons per year, and the company has recently made cold modifications to its first annual production of 80,000 tons of cylindrical lassing, and has expanded its raw material processing facilities to transform its post-production capacity.
It will be raised to 120,000 tonnes/year, with a total annual production capacity of 360,000 tonnes/year for the Great Stone Egypt base.
In terms of production processes, the fibres are mineral raw materials, chemical raw materials and energy sources, of which the mineral raw materials are flask, limestone, stone sand, etc. Mineral raw materials are grinded, made in proportion to the material, and then enter the kiln for melting, zip, etc., into the original silk, and then form directly through drying, veiling, short cutting, etc.
Glass fibre veils such as veils, co-shares, short-cuts, etc.; fibre-cloths can be processed into fibre-optic products (short cuts, electronic fabrics, etc.); fibre-optic products can be further combined with enhanced materials such as resins into composite materials (glass steel, etc.).
The country is the largest producer of fibre optics, and the share of domestic demand has risen steadily. The lowest levels of global and domestic production in 2012-2021 reflect, on the one hand, the excess capacity of domestic production over time, and, on the other hand, the substitution of domestic production for production outside the country; and, in 2022, our exports of fibre optics and products increased by 1.83 million tons, compared to 9.0 per cent in the previous quarter.
Three or four quarters of the year was affected by geophysical factors such as the conflict in the Russian Federation, which led to a fall in exports; the share of exports in the country ' s total production of fibre optics fell from 42.0% in 2012 to 26.6% in 2022, reflecting the gradual replacement of domestic demand for part of external demand as a powerful driver for the development of the country ' s fibre optic industry.
The market share also rose, from 25 per cent in 2017 to 31 per cent in 2021.
Figure 13: The global share of the country’s fibre-optic market in 2018-2021 is on the rise, and the production of fibre-optics is heavily asset-based and has a steep cost curve. First, the rax method, which is currently used mainly in the production of fibre-optics, requires higher inputs in terms of new capacity and the acquisition of production equipment, and requires greater and more constant funding.
This cost is high: second, there is a clear regional concentration of feralds at the end of fibre-based production, and there is some differentiation in the cost of purchasing raw materials from enterprises; in addition, the size of individual kilns and the level of mastery of technologies such as pure oxygen production, leaching formulations, large leakboards, etc. will also lead to a significant difference in production costs.
After several rounds of cyclical climate fluctuations and industrial policy shuffling, leading firms have taken the lead on the cost curves by building on technological accumulation, finance and management advantages, and the industry has been characterized by a high concentration of “strong and strong”. As of the end of 2020, China’s giant rock was the leader of the industry, accounting for 23% of its output.
Next, Owensconin (oc), with 13 per cent capacity, has also formed a stable pattern of competition between the three main players (China's Great Stone, Tarzan Fibre, Chongqing International) and three small (Sandong Fibre, Sichuan Weibo, Long Sea shares) and other enterprises, reaching 68 per cent and 84 per cent respectively at the end of 2021.
Figure 14: Global production capacity ratio (by the end of 2020) Figure 15: Domestic production capacity ratio (by the end of 2021)
The downstream demand for fibre optics and products covers all aspects of construction materials, transport, electronics, wind power, chemicals, environmental protection, industry, etc., and is closely linked to macroeconomics, particularly manufacturing landscapes. (1) The construction sector is a core demand in the traditional industrial sector, accounting for 34% of downstream applications.
Sanitation, decorations, drainage, heating ventilation, covering of civil wood, industrial appliances, etc. (2) The emerging market area has a long-term scope for expansion. Because of the density of the fibres to meet light quantitative needs, stretching and strength can be applied to high-pressure high-environment environments, as well as insulation, heat resistance, etc., and continues to expand in high-end applications such as wind power and light traffic quantification.
New requirements for product performance have been introduced in new applications, with higher technical and technological barriers. In the case of wind veils, which are the main raw material for the production of wind blades, wind turbines have become a growing trend in recent years, so the selection of fibre-optic materials in the process of upgrading leaves products has been upgraded from a normal model to a high volume of fibres, requiring a reduction in leaves.
Weights also increase foliage and test the ability of fibre-optic companies to develop and develop. 2.2.1. Wind veils: foliage amplification, a light-quantified trend that leads to high-modulus demand for filamental fibres, which in the wind-electric chain are mainly used to create composite materials for the production of filament.
Downstream has been “upstream raw materials (wind veils, wind fabrics, etc.) and downstream planters of the medium-stream leaf blades” and mechanism builders include gold wind technology, vision energy, Mingyang's intelligence, leaf makers include Chinese technology, Chinese repeaters, new materials of the time, and bobble and product manufacturers include Chinese giants, Chinese technology (Taisan fibre), Chongqing International, etc.
In terms of volume, the value of leaves and masters in manufacturing mechanisms is close to 20%, and the value of fibres and products in the manufacture of leaves is 20-25%. Wind blades consist of three parts: the outer shell, the abdominal plate, the main beam, and the weight of composites in leaves can reach 80-90%.
Point temperature, soft stretching strength, high modulus, etc., require a higher level of composite material performance. Carbon fibres are 3-8 times higher, with a 40% increase in intensity and a low density of about 30%. Longer leaves can be used for enhanced material at lighter weights, and in the short and medium term, carbon fibre can be replaced with a limited amount of fibre in terrestrial wind applications.
Figure 17: Wind-to-wind blades, wind-to-wall industrial chain breakdown, maintenance services, 0.7 per cent
We're building a mechanism. Ming Yang is smart. Goldwind technology, vision energy.
We're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something, we're in the middle of something.
Leaf and master Jo. Triple energy. Leaf made.
Joint power, Chinese technology, new material of the time, Mingyang's intelligence, etc.
A map of the interior structure of the wind-leaf sheet without a base-grained mainstream quote -- entangled in the direct veil, front of the shell.
Direct material Māori, rear green shell
In front of the green, the Chinese technology, the Chinese stony, the great new material, the international compound,
Tateyama, and so on, followed by the second and second months of May and June of May of May of May of May of the month of September of the month of May of the year.
High-model, high-end wind-shape production is concentrated in head-head enterprises. Compared to normal alkaline fibres, high-model, high-strength, high-elastic, high-intensity resistance, good chemical stability, good resistance to fatigue, high-temperature, and key technologies for production include glass melting, fibre-forming, kiln design, leachate formulations, process formation, etc.
In addition to the technical barriers, wind-share companies usually have to undergo several years of certification cycles before becoming qualified suppliers, and there are barriers to certification. Under the twin barriers of technology-plus certification, China’s giants, China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-based technology-based technology-based technology-related barriers, and Chongqing-China-based technology-based technology-based technology-related barriers, China-China-China-China-based technology-based technology-based technology-plus-certification-based technology-related barriers, China-China-China-China-China-China-based technology-based technology-based technology-based technology-related barriers, China-China-China-based technology-based technology-based technology-based technology-related barriers, China-China-China-China-China-China-based technology-based technology-based technology-related barriers, China-China-based technology-based technology-based technology-related barriers, and Chongqing-wide barriers, China-led-led-wide, China-led, China-led, China-South-led, China-led, China-led, China-led, China-led, China-led, China-led, China-led, China-led, China-led, China-led, China and China-led, China-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South-South technology barriers, and China-South-South-
The wind veil market is highly concentrated. 2.2.2. Thermoplastic veils: there is still room for improvement in the penetration of fibre-combined materials in light-quantified trends in cars. Thermoplastic veils are the acronyms of the fibre-optic/hot plastic resin composites, which are widespread due to light quality, high intensity and easy to process.
It should be applied in the light-quantified areas of household electricity and automobiles. A light-quantification of cars is the improvement of motor vehicles by minimizing the quality of the whole vehicle on the basis of its strength and safety: for fuel cars, a 10% reduction in body quality would reduce the fuel consumption by 6-8%; new energy vehicles are more likely to need to be light-quantified, thus increasing the mileage for renewal, pure electric scavenging.
With a reduction of 10 kg in weight, the duration of the voyage can increase by 2.5 km, and a reduction in the braking distance and the inertia of collisions after a reduction in vehicle quality helps to improve safety. The light quantification of vehicles includes light quantification of materials, light quantification of processes, light quantification of designs, and light quantification of materials, mainly in the use of aluminum alloys, magnesium alloys, fibre optics, carbon fibre materials, etc., as an alternative to ordinary steel.
There is still room for further improvement in plastic penetration. According to the annual report of China ' s Great Stone 2020, in Europe and America, an average of 117 kg of enhanced plastic is used per car, representing 5-10% of the weight of the car, of which 42% are fibreglass enhancement, hot plastic plastics, domestic economy cars are increasing plastic use at 16-20 kg per car, and cargo vehicles at 20-30 kg;
According to our Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry, by 2025 the average fuel consumption per vehicle will have fallen to 4.0 litres/100 km, and there will be wide scope for light quantitative growth of cars.
The electronic veil is one of the fine veils, further made from the electronic veils, which are the key composites for the production of coatings (ccl), printed circuit boards (pcb). The electronic veils are much more straight and thinner than the alkaline comb (10-20 μm) and can be further divided into combs (9\mum), filaments (5-phmum), super-cams (4.5-5\mum), and super-cams (4-4.5\mum).
Electronic fabrics made of electronic veils have the advantages of high intensity, heat resistance, good tolerance, good flammability, and good electrical properties, and the vast majority are applied to the “electronic sheeting cclpcb” industrial chain.
There are also higher technical barriers to electronic veil/cloth production. Electronic veils are more demanding for quality control of production than bras. For example, pollution such as stains, water stains, sweat stains and filaments, dust etc. are not allowed in purification requirements, there is a need to maintain consistency in sarcophagus, etc., and electronic cloth production is in the process of weaving, optics, reprocessing and micro impurities control.
There are special requirements. The first seven electronic veil production companies in China control more than 90% of the production capacity, China ' s giant stone electronic veil, which produces 220,000 tons of capacity, or 22.9%, and the next group, which produces 205,000 tons, or 21.3%, Quinshan, Tarzan fibres, light and fresh materials, Tai Ka fibres, Chongqing International rankings 3-7, and Industry Cr.7, or 92.2%.
The global pcb market has grown steadily and the trend of national production substitution is clear. The global pcb market pattern has increased from $55.3 billion to $80.9 billion in 2015-2021, with a year-on-year increase of +24.1% in 2021, of which the global pcb market will be more than $100 billion a year on mainland China.
The growth of innovation. The cost structure of pcb has reached 30-40% for copper, 20% for electronics, recovery of consumer electronic demand, transformation of server platforms with digital structures, increase in vehicle pcb values, and national production substitution of envelopes will provide growth dynamics for electronic veils/electronic fabrics upstream of the industrial chain.
2.3. The industrial landscape, which accelerated the rebalancing of supply and demand A significant build-up of stocks in 2022 in the fibre-optic industry, reflecting the industry ' s oversupply of phased supply, the down-to-the-ground climate, and the accelerated decline in coarse prices since o2: demand at the end of the world has been affected by the fall in export performance and weak domestic demand since 2022.
In the first half of the year, the production of the first line, the first line of the Xijiang Huagen line, and the completion of the international f12 line in Chongqing led to a concentration of production capacity, an oversupply of the industry, a marked acceleration in the accumulation of stocks, and the arrival of the national sample company ' s original veil in September, which led to an accelerated decline in the price of the q3 product ' s bra, with the direct line price already falling.
q4 fell to the bottom of the cycle; at the same time, the cost of raw materials and energy in the cycle was higher than in the previous round, leading to a gradual de-stocking of small and medium-sized enterprises and a rebound in prices of low- and medium-end braided products. On the demand side, capital market orders were clearly warming, some traders and processing plants were facing a backscaling and wind and electricity demand was rising; on the supply side, 2022.
Since September, with no new production capacity released in the industry, the build-up of the second line of the Great Stonehenge and the cold fix of the international f02 line in Chongqing have accelerated the process of rebalancing the supply of and demand for fibres. On the inventory, the stock of the national sample company q4 has been devalued, and the price of the entangled veil has stopped and recovered since October.
The electronic veil/window also rebounded in the second half of 2022, reflecting the balance of supply and demand repair. The last round of the industry landscape restoration led to a significant increase in the capacity of electronic veils, which since the second half of 2022, as two electronic veil production lines entered the cold, repair and partial commercial capacity adjustment, together with the demand phase of heating and sub-industry refilling banks, the end of 2022.
Subcloth prices have also rebounded significantly since the low point. Figure 25: Cold repair (tonnes) initiated since 2022 by the electronic veil production line. Figure 26: Significant rebound in the second half of 2022 in the electronic veil/cloth prices.
2.3.1. Supply: The pace of productive energy release continues to slow down in the industry, effective additional capacity will fall further to lower-cycle levels in 2023, and the size of plant capital spending is expected to continue to decline in 2023, and output will expand at a faster rate than in 2022 when we measure the effective additional capacity in 2023.
Tens of thousands of tons of new and 155,000 tons of new electronic gauze production capacity are clearly downside. Manufacturing, which provides the power needed to improve the fibres in 2023, is expected to provide some elasticity in wind demand, which is expected to warm back in the field of thermal plastics and construction materials; and (2) while the global economic situation is not yet clear, short-term external demand remains weak.
With the easing of inflationary pressures, the monetary environment has shifted from austerity to easing, and external demand is expected to return to construction. (1) External demand is expected to rebound.
The global gdp growth forecast for 2023 is now higher than the forecast of October 2022, when the country achieved 1.883 million tons of fibre and product exports in the month, or +9.9% per year, but the same month-to-August ratio was reversed. While the global economic situation is not yet clear, the monetary environment has shifted from austerity to easing with the easing of inflationary pressures, and external demand is expected.
Figure 31: The demand for domestic strokes in manufacturing pmi (2), both globally and in major economies, has a certain elasticity
In the final year, 68.6gw was installed on land throughout the year, compared to 188% in the previous year; in the last year, 2021, the Winding Power replenished 16.9gw, compared with 450%. In the medium and long term, the light base was planned to build 200gw in the 14th and 255gw in the 15th period, according to the 2020 Beijing Declaration on Wind Energy, which will provide a powerful boost to wind power.
A combination of multiple factors, such as 22 years of record-high domestic bidding, declining prices of raw materials, and the prospect of a change in approval of wind and wind projects to a filing system, will drive a significant increase in the size of wind and power installed machines in 2023, which will boost the demand for wind and chaining in 2023. (a) Based on the Golden Wind technology demonstration, a new tender volume of 76.3gw was added to the national open bidding market in January-September 2022,
Compared to +82.1 per cent, which exceeds the year-wide level of 2021, wind power tenders are expected to reach 100gw throughout 2022, which will provide strong support for the 2023 demand for wind power; (b) high steel prices, iron prices, medium-plate prices, etc., have fallen since 2022, and the Executive Programme for the Promotion of Quality Development of New Energy in the New Era, published by the JDC and the Energy Authority, which states, “Intensifying”
The reform of the new energy area `relaying uniforms', which promotes the adaptation of wind power projects from approval to filing, will help to shorten the development cycle of wind power projects and facilitate the accelerated landing of potential loaders. (3) Demand for thermal plastics in domestic demand is expected to grow steadily.
Demand in the field of thermal plastics is expected to grow steadily, and while the total number of vehicles in use is relatively stable, the rate of penetration of new energy vehicles is expected to increase the use of bicycles, while domestic demand for electricity is expected to benefit from domestic warming as a result of real estate policies and consumption warming. In the case of automobiles: (a) a gradual recovery is expected as the demand is reduced by the epidemic; and (b) high oil prices are expected to produce pure combustion.
Increases in the cost of use of tankers, and the still rising price of lithium carbonate, which continues to impose cost constraints on pure electric vehicles, have reinforced the advantage of low-power + low-fueled hybrid vehicles; (c) a higher number of new vehicles, such as the 2023 Long An, Wall, ideal, etc., with a marked increase in the quality of the hybrid and over 200,000 pure electric vehicles, will boost some of the demand.
(d) There is still strong support for the current two-point policy, consumer acceptance of new energy vehicles continues to increase, and there is still room for increased penetration of new energy sources by vehicle.
Figure 37: Oil and lithium carbonate prices have been high since 2022 (4) Demand is expected to recover significantly in the area of building materials in demand, physical capital needs are expected to be concentrated, real estate needs are expected to recover steadily and construction materials are expected to recover significantly
(a) With regard to infrastructure, the central economic workshop held in December 2022 continued with the word “stability”, policies will continue to invest and consume, the capital chain will continue with a high profile, and physical demand will enter a concentrated landing period. On the one hand, the capital sector is the focus of investment momentum, and the meeting proposes to speed up the implementation of the 14th Five-Year Major Project and strengthen the region.
On the other hand, policy instruments will continue to be active, with the meeting proposing policy-oriented financial support for increased financing, and it is expected that policy-oriented developmental financial instruments, psl, etc. will also play an important supporting role. Active fiscal policies will be effective, “maintaining the necessary fiscal spending intensity”, increasing central-to-local transfers and optimizing portfolio deficits, earmarking, etc.
(b) In terms of real estate, investment is still under pressure, but the completion is expected to improve significantly, and it will boost the demand for fibres. The completion of construction under the “survival” is a hard constraint, the issue of livelihood is the bottom line, and policy banks are specializing.
Loans, re-loans from central banks to commercial banks, and the creation of local governments' relief funds reflect the accelerated arrival of matching funds, accompanied by credit repairs and “survival” measures, the completion of which will continue to be a relatively definite link in the recovery trend in 2023, and the greater use of fibres at the end of the construction, waterproofing, heating and some of the bath products.
The improvement in the industry will boost the recovery of the demand for fibres. Figure 38: The same rate of growth in the three major sectors of capital investment (%)
Price up. (1) Demand end: 2023, although limited in external space, domestic demand is expected to recover as a whole, with the construction materials category expected to supply 5.61 million tons annually; (3) Industry stock and prices: under the neutral/optimistic assumption of demand, stock as a whole is expected to shrink by 0.4.2.3 months, and product prices are expected to return, based on a reduction in stock and a more stable expectation of demand
3. Companies: Cost leads to build pre-existing advantages, product upgrading deepens the moat 3.1. Cost barriers to build multiple advantages, cost leads to firm 3.1.1. Cost barriers to build multiple advantages and companies to lead the cost curve
Large-scale production of fibre optics is currently mainly based on the pulverized method of the pond, and because of the long and numerous production processes, excellent firms are taking the lead in achieving downscaling effects through continuous lessons learned and process improvements at key nodes. The main processes of production in the kilns include: the blending of mineral raw materials such as lasagna and limestone into glass fluids in high-temperature kilns.
The glass fluid is then released through leak boards, the leachate is coated, the zip machine is drawn at high speed, and it is shaped into glass silk; and the glass silk is formed into different types of boulders or fabrics through further drying, short cutting, modem, dissipation, veils, threads, edibles, fabrics, etc.
(1) Procurement of raw materials: the company ' s resources in the vicinity of lasagna, which provide some of the raw materials for self-sufficiency. The country ' s resources are mainly located in Zhejiang and Fujian provinces, where the national reserves of lasagna amounted to 112.32 million tons by the end of 2020, of which Zhejiang accounted for 54.2 per cent (6093,000 tons), Fujian for 24.7 per cent (27.79 million tons) and the company ' s main production base.
In Zhejiang province, the geographical proximity to the resources of the pavilion effectively reduces the cost of transporting raw materials; in addition, in 2013, the company completed the acquisition of 100 per cent of the share of the pebbles (predominant leaf wax powder production and sale) and in 2016 built an annual production line of 600,000 tons of pavilion micro-paste for self-sufficiency of raw materials and further reduced the cost.
Contaminants also take part of the heat, the heat efficiency is low, and increasing oxygen concentrations in combustion gases is a key point in improving heat efficiency; the stone is a pure oxygen combustion method and is used on a large scale to reduce emissions while controlling the furnaces with precision, increasing the melting power of the kilns and causing a significant reduction in energy consumption.
(iii) leachate: leachate is the first supplement to post-bob zip contact, consisting mainly of a large part of the membrane, lubricant, and co-agents, which can be added depending on the need for distribution. Leaching enables the optics to meet better industrial performances, such as good bindings, hardness, short-cutness, dispersion, etc., and is key to the manufacture of high-end fabric products.
Through its own innovation, the company has succeeded in replacing leachate raw materials and formulations with national production, where 85% of leachate can be manufactured autonomously, and the company has prepared the corresponding leachate for the various companies with fibre-optic products, such as a large-scale wind veil for wind blades in a vacuum, and a lubricant with good compativity to resins, so that the product can be immersed quickly and capable.
Mechanical performance, resistance to fatigue, etc., that are effective in raising the wind veil, and the lubricant in the formulation can make the product feathers less than 80 mg/kg and meet the requirement for fewer feathers under the foliage high-strength production process. (4) Large leakboards: the pyrotechnic leaks are critical equipment in the production of fibres and should be used in the production of fibres.
As a result of direct contact with high-temperature glass fluids, leakboards are susceptible to erosion and deformation, which leads to the destabilization of the fabric, affecting production and productivity efficiency. In 2013, the company completed the acquisition of 100% of the gold from the town of Kiryu, the world champion of the production of the plate, the world’s first processing of 6,000 centimetres that could be produced.
Enterprises that specialize in filamentary filamentation, and that have addressed the problem of minor quantifications in the face of the technical challenge of large-scale leaks, have taken up about 1 ton of platinum precious metal raw materials in 2016-2017; in recent years, companies have been active in low-fault, no-fault plate trials, improved leak-processing technology, and reduced use of precious metals has contributed to a further reduction in ton costs.
The cost barriers constructed by these multiple advantages, adding advantages to the efficiency of the company’s management, and keeping the company in the lead on the cost curve. Since 2016, indicators such as Māori, a company’s coarse unit, have maintained a lead on second-line echelons.
Māori rates and net interest rates continue to be at the top of their peers. Figure 47: Māori rates for corporate fibres and products are significantly higher than for comparable companies. Figure 48: Net interest rates for companies are significantly higher than for comparable companies.
Figure 49: Māori per metric ton of comparable company rough business, figure 50: The cost of a single ton of comparable company periods, in yuan per ton, as a result of the increase in employee remuneration as a result of wet sharing
3.1.2. The start of a new cold-reflection cycle + the expansion of intelligent manufacturing capacity is expected to open a new round of cool-reflection cycles, which will help to further optimize energy consumption and production efficiency.
The company’s last round of cold-renovation was at its peak in 2013-2014, and if it was calculated as a cold-renovation cycle for eight years, the new round of cold-renovation by the Department began gradually starting in 2021: in March 2021, the company announced that it would produce 40,000 tons of high-performance per year.
In April 2022, the company announced that it would make cold modifications to the chain of production of the annual 80,000-ton fibre tank kiln, expanding its capacity to 100,000 tons; in April 2022, the company announced cold modifications to the chain of production of the rock climbing electronic veils/cloths, expanding its capacity to 50,000 tons of electronic veils + 160 million metres of electronic fabric; and in August 2022, the company announced that it would enter the line of production of 120,000-ton-year fibre kiln zipping.
The increase in the capacity of smart manufacturing is expected to further increase overall labour productivity and reduce unit labour costs. In 2017, the Ministry launched the construction of a smart manufacturing base at the Qing township headquarters, investing more than 14 billion yuan, and fully built in November 2022.
This resulted in the creation of an annual production capacity of 600,000 tons of boosters and 800 million metres of electronic fabric, which resulted in a “rebuilding of a giant stone”. According to the Ministry of Technology and Communications's Smart Factory Casebook, the megastellar manufacturing project achieved a 45.04 per cent increase in productivity, a 20.37 per cent reduction in output, a 48.15 per cent reduction in the product development cycle, a 21.88 per cent reduction in the product failure rate, and a rise in energy utilization.
A high of 24.25%. In an intelligent manufacturing base, intelligent and digitally embedded the entire process in the production chain of molten, shaped, radish, drying, and pick-up: (1) Industrial robots become the backbone of an intelligent manufacturing base, and intelligent systems can sense unmelted powder.
After automatically calculating the amount of natural gas and oxygen to be delivered, the auto-distributed vehicle can automatically transport the dryed raw silk drums to the packing line, the smart arm can send the original packaging drums to the designated location, and the agv smart lift robot can send the entire car to the smart storage centre. The average productivity per person in the company ' s production sector was 2019-2021, respectively.
230/226/221 tonnes/person, while highly intelligent production line per capita labour productivity is 480 tonnes/person, a 20% increase from the previous most efficient production line efficiency rate, (2) while the zip line also requires the involvement of the producer, the worker's labour intensity has been significantly reduced,
The number of machines that can be monitored by skilled workers has been increased from 5 to 15; (3) digital technology has enabled future factories to achieve full product quality control, and industrial robots have labeled each volume of silk drums, note key production information, and the problem can be traced back to the source; the system can detect each volume of veil.
The results are automatically fed back to the Lace production chain, and the Lace equipment is automatically modified to control product quality with precision. Figure 52: Average company labour productivity rises from year to year, smart production lines work and productivity leapfrogs (tons/persons)
In February 2022, the company announced an investment in the construction of 150,000 tons of fibreglass per year at the Chengdu smart manufacturing base, a total investment of 1,798 million yuan in the construction of the wiring line, which is expected to yield 900 million yuan per year in sales revenue; and in March 2022, the company disclosed that it would further expand its strategic 14th plan to build up the country's economy.
Long-term, sustained business development, the company plans to build a new base of 400,000 tons (2020) of fibre-optic intelligence in the Qijiang, with a total investment of $5,076 million.
People, a pool of technologists in areas such as raw material development, product development, equipment development, smart manufacturing; innovation platforms and inputs, with 5 national and 10 provincial innovation platforms, cumulatively patented 1,492 (stable range of inventions).
(i) A continuous breakthrough in the performance of wind and electricity products: high-model fibre optic products are widely used in the wind and wind power sector, and companies used to own them.
The main product, e7, has excellent mechanics while performing well in large-scale production at the kiln, and is therefore the dominant option for wind leaf composites compared to the high cost of producing s-coated fibres, and the company launched e8 and e9 fibres in 2016 and 2020, respectively.
101gpa, which is one of the highest formulas in the global bovine industry, with 36% and 12% increases in elastic modules compared to normal e-optics and e-7 fibres, respectively, and leaves made with e9 fibres can have a much more rigid and lighter weight that meets, to some extent, the light quantitative requirements of megawind leaves.
China’s wind and power products are the world’s leading wind and fuel-based enterprises, operating under the umbrella of the Great Stones Group. China’s wind and power-based production capacity reaches 35% of the world’s capacity, and is a supplier of Vistas, Siemens, Hex, General Electric, Central Reclamation, and Mingyang’s intelligence.
High-performance fibre-optic line accompanying wind and wind power projects to build the world’s first new energy zero carbon base, leading to industry development. On 30 December 2022, the company issued an announcement to invest in the establishment of the Giant Stone New Energy Facility as the company’s new energy field platform, and in the establishment of the Giant Stone New Energy (Luyan) Company as a zero-carbon smart manufacturing base for high-performance fibreglass.
The company announced on the same day that it would set up a new wholly-owned company, Giant Stone Company Ltd., and build a zero-carbon smart manufacturing base with 400,000 tons of high-performance fibreglass production lines per year, while a 200mw wind power support project would be built by the New Stone Energy (Liaoan) and the New Stone Energy (Liaoan) by the Great Stone.
New energy and shipping shares hold 80 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively, using the pc model, whereby the arrival shares are responsible for the construction and maintenance of wind support projects. According to the project plan, the construction of 4 million tons of enhanced fibre-optic lines will begin in the first half of 2023, with a construction cycle of 24 months, and production is expected to start in the first half of 2024, with all post-partum deliveries expected to begin.
In 2025, the company ' s total production capacity will exceed 3 million tons; in addition, the project ' s accompanying wind power projects will achieve carbon production from carbon neutralization and fibre-optic production on the side of renewable energy sources, leading to the production of fibre-optic zero carbon. (2) Thermoplastic products are highly effective: in the enhancement of the car with thermal plastic materials, giant stones are designed for different processes.
In 2011, the company launched a fibre-optic complex combofil and its products to provide solutions for light-quantifiable and environmentally sound recovery of cars, which are based on continuous fibreglass and thermal plastic fibres, which are combined with special processes and can be produced directly for the production of continuous fibre-enhanced thermal resin composites without the need for additional resins to be added and can be applied.
In the automotive industry, aerospace, construction, etc.; in October 2022, the company cfrt's hot-plastic pre-breathing fibres were identified by the Department of Economics and Informatization of Zhejiang Province as “the first domestic” new materials in 2022. The company continued to promote the construction of the short-cut bar line, which achieved “global first” in 2022.
In February 2022, the company announced the project "Changdu Group Ltd. produces 150,000 tons of fibreglass short-cut silk lines per year," with a total investment of 1,798 million yuan, both of which are currently in production. According to the company's 2022 work plan, (3) the electronic veil/cloth extension builds a second growth curve: the company has started the electronic yarn/ cloth in 2005.
In terms of production, the company, together with the German p-d group, financed a giant stone climbing subsidiary in 2005, the company’s first electronic veil/cloth line in 2006 (10,000 tons of electronic veils per year) started a rapid expansion of the company’s electronic veil capacity, and the new materials-intelligent manufacturing base production line included 60,000 tons per year.
Electronic veil and annual production of 200 million metres of electronic fabric, 60,000 tons of electronic gauze and 300 million metres of annual electronic fabric production line, 60,000 tons of electronic gauze and 300 million metres of electronic fabric production line project (subsequently adjusted to 100,000 tons of electronic production and 300 million metres of annual electronic fabric project) were set on fire in 2018, 2021 and 2022, respectively; the company announcement of April 2022
In terms of products, the company produces 7628 thick cloths, making it the first industry-wide standard based on high-yielding and low-cost advantages. At the same time, the company is active in developing medium- and high-end products, which, according to its network of officers, it can now produce ultra thin cloth.
Field 106, strips 1506, 1080, 2116, etc. Billions of metres of electronic fabric production lines are in operation and the demand climate is restored on top of the downstream pcb, and the scale of the electronic veil/electronic cloth business is 3.3. Overprofit sharing programme contributes to the accelerated implementation of the 14th Five-Year Blueprint
The fibre-optic industry has a distinctly high asset profile, with steeper cost curves leading to scale differences in cash “flows” across echelons, accumulated as capital barriers, reflected in the fact that the enterprise’s capacity to finance is scaled up to a greater extent than its capacity and profitability, producing a “mathrates effect”. The head enterprise, represented by a giant rock, has long led the way in terms of capital spending dimensions and is driven by companies.
“Intelligent” production and product upgrading will consolidate their competitive advantages, while the pace of technological change and expansion of the latter sector is relatively slow. Figure 62: Cash paid by comparable firms for fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets (billions of dollars)
The company's strategic objective of the 14th Five-Five is to continue to consolidate the global first position in the fibre-optics industry by becoming the first in the world in hot-stacks, hot-plastics (tp) and short-cut in the world. The company's "10-Four-Five" strategy, with sufficient cash flows and financial advantages to safeguard the development of the Great Stones.
In 2021, the company published the 14th Five-Year Plan, which focuses on the production of fibres, and continues to be large, strong, strong, stable, strong supply chains, deep, long, real industrial chains, and the creation of an ecological circle for the production of fibres, with the objective of “innovation leading to high-quality development, high-speed growth in production and high-quality upgrading of business values” and the construction of “manufacture numbers”
The new development paradigm of intellectualization, precision control, globalization of production and marketing, and harmonization of development.
• Build new ideas, apply new technologies, adopt new methods, open new areas, develop new advantages, implement vertical down-to-the-horizon, transversal full intelligence, intelligence-building, facilitate the integration of digital and intelligent manufacturing, facilitate technological integration, sustain continuous upgrading, and support the continued optimization of the product structure
• Achieving economies of scale towards technology, management, quality, brand benefits
"Four hundred Project", leading the transformation and development of the composite materials industry, leading the country's business cards in the area of composite materials and "Twice the Intellectual Transformation" and creating a "Three Firsts" for China.
Thermos are the first in the world to apply new management techniques, new ideas, new tools, performance management excellence, to promote the application of intelligent management models, to promote re-qualification, re-performance, and short-term (tp) in the world.
Optimization, management of re-movement Electronic (it) thin print world number one, supporting multi-area linkages, multi-dimensional monitoring, global precision control of multi-system integration
▪ Accurate requirements for increasing efficiency, managing risks and increasing advantages, and overall upgrading of operational management to create a globally competitive system for the management of the giant stone features of the “one nuclear two-chain three-high four” strategy
It's a product-based business that continues to be large, strong, “market-building, factory-building” with the main belt, professionalizing diversity.
• To implement global marketing networks and industry layouts, promote resource sharing, promote global deep integration of production and marketing, and support “inside and out of supply” and complete, secure, strong supply chains, deep, long, long supply chains.
A major transnational business model, with domestic base complementarities, overseas base interactions, a new pattern of “double domestic and foreign cycles” that are mutually reinforcing in the three continents, and a real industrial chain that builds a biosphere of the fibre-optic industry, based on the principle of “one nuclear second chain”, exploring the creation of a biosphere of the fibre-optic industry that provides a giant stone programme for global composite material development.
Aimed at “Innovation leads to high-quality development, high-speed production and business development, harmonious growth, high-quality business values”
• Implementation of the concept of innovation, coordination, colour, openness and shared development, implementation of green manufacturing, green operation, contribution to carbon neutrality, and promotion of “manufacturing intelligence, precision control, production and marketing, multicultural integration, enrichment of the great stone culture, and promotion of benefits for all involved
The new development paradigm of globalization, development harmony, with a central focus on the achievement of the "4 by 4" by employees, supports cooperation to win, and ultimately achieves social sustainability with laughter on the faces of employees and shareholders, satisfaction on the part of suppliers and customers.
In August of that year, an announcement was issued to introduce overprofit-sharing, in which the distribution of the top executives of the China Stones and Stones Group did not exceed 30 per cent, all of which were allocated by the executives of the wholly-owned or controlled subsidiaries of China, at the ministerial level of the plant; the incentive targets were linked to the net profits of the previous year, which helped to motivate the workforce. Moreover, companies have set up perfect channels for the promotion of talent.
Proposing, inter alia, that “per capita remuneration should increase by no less than 10 per cent per annum during the Fourteenth Five-Year Period and achieve the `1551' pay target by 2025”, development gains are shared with all employees.
The company ' s current market net rate and the market surplus are both at the heart of historical valuations, with the market net rate approaching the last round of lows (2.3 times pb-lf on 7 March), mainly affected by the industry ' s downside, the firm ' s net asset rate of return, which is accelerating. In 2023, with the recovery of end demand and the acceleration of the recovery of the balance of fibre supply and demand, we expect the industry to be on the same footing.
Figure 65: China ' s Great Stone pb-band Figure 66: Comparison of China ' s Big Stone Net and Post-Deduction Net Assets Return (TTm) Rates of Fluctuation, with price poles expected to continue to move upwards under warm demand and shrinking production capacity; the sub-brand landscape is also expected to recover, source
We have chosen Chinese technology, Shandong fibre, and Changhai shares as comparable companies. The company’s current net market rate is slightly higher than the average of comparable companies, mainly because the center of the company’s history is above the average of the industry; the company’s current net rate is slightly higher than the average.
(1) The risk that domestic wind, heat, and construction needs will not be repaired as expected. We expect steady growth to boost domestic manufacturing, domestic wind demand to be resilient, and heat and construction demand to return to warmer periods.
We measure 204,000 tons in 2023 and 35,000 tons in electricity, which, if delivered in excess of expectations, would result in an imbalance in the supply and demand of fibre-optic products and a risk of further recession in the overseas economy (3).
The share of overseas revenues has been around 30% over the years, and further recessions in the overseas economy will affect the company ' s overseas earnings, and hence the overall performance of the company. (4) The risk of an increase in the original fuel price is higher than expected. Corporate costs depend in part on raw materials such as lasagna, limestone, etc.
Levels of energy prices such as materials and natural gas, if the price of raw materials rises significantly, will affect the level of corporate profits.