Active roll-out of new products for increasing competitiveness Investment rating: buy-in (first time) Companies release 24q1 financial statements, yielding revenues of $729 million, yoy+42.03 per cent, qoq
-0.75 per cent; Māori 52.39 per cent; ring increase of 5.27 pct; mother ' s net profit of $5.4 billion, low seasons, industry ' s worst moments have passed.
Downstream growth has been negative, as can be seen from the domestic simulation chip industry, which has moved out of independence. Looking at q2 and the year-round downstream, cellular warming is expected to continue into 2-3 quarters, with the near-final de-industrialization of the pan-industrial sector, where we see a breakthrough in high-end products to raise the Māori ratio.
Starting with 22q4, the simulation industry cycle goes down, downstream customers go down to stock, corporate Maori is under pressure. From 24q1, the company ' s Māori ring was raised by 5 pct to 52% as a result of the increase in high-end products and the spread of new ones.
The recovery (and there has been no significant decline in income) can be seen in the beginning of the domestic simulation pole, where the competitiveness of home-grown products has been validated.
Simulators grow from product-based expansions that can provide core chips supplied by a full-scale model manufacturer that can shorten the design time for customers, reduce the risk of design failure/delay, and make product coverage a top priority for a simulation chip company.
In 2023, over 900 new products with fully autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs) were introduced, with indicators that were advanced in international products of the same type and could be widely applied to industrial control, motor power and motor power.
Applications such as sub-, telecommunications, consumer-type electronics, and medical devices. We see that companies’ new products are being rolled out at an accelerated pace, increasing their competitive advantage.
The recovery in sector 1 has gradually emerged, with a positive rise in revenue in the same quarter. In 2023, corporate income earnings declined in the same year, mainly as a result of the downside of the industry cycle and the restructuring of client stocks.
Fascinating, in the face of a complex market environment and changing industrial cycles, companies have responded positively to the challenges. 2023 Benefiting from the recovery of domestic cellular end-ends and the progressive production of products by companies, the 24-year-on-year-on-year growth rate has declined by four quarters. Entering the first quarter of this year, driven by a downstream consumer electronic recovery, modelling the industry.
There are signs of partial warming. 24q1, the company achieved revenues of $729 million, yoy+42.03 per cent, qoq chart 324q1, the rate of growth of the company's income in the single season was positive.
In the first quarter of this year, the company ' s Māori rate was stable, returning to 50% levels. In 2023, influenced by the industry ' s weekly downtime, downstream clients, such as mobile phones, communications, were generally in the inventory phase, and industry competition intensified, leading to a decline in Māori rates in five quarters, 24q1, the company ' s Māori rate stopped falling back, and a single season of Māori in one quarter.
Two companies are increasing their R & D efforts to consolidate their competitive advantages, and companies are sustaining their high R & D inputs in the industry’s lower course, and are consolidating their competitive advantages. Simulation companies need to grow more and more product coverage, so they need to be able to expand their workforce to ensure sustainability.
New products match market demand. Keep high R & D at the bottom of the industry, launch more new years at the recovery of the industry, and in the context of the industry, companies continue to increase R & D investment at a cost of $737 million, or revenue.
In 2023, the company ' s R & D projects were more expensive, and many of them, including high-precision ad/da, were already in production and growing on a solid foundation in the future. In 2023, the company introduced new products with world-class, market demand, including high-precision voltage benchmarks, high-precision current detection amplifiers, and negative ones.
High-speed low-frontline pole drive with voltage power, 8 channels with low-side drivers for pwm controlled output, chip, hyper-injection with high isolation, double-direction charge pump, high-impact dc/dc pressure-relief chip with super-quick transient response based on self-researched aup-cot-fb structures
Domoled power source chip, high synchronization dc/dc boost chip, 1:500 no scintillation dynamic range pwm control linear moded drive, input 60v maximum space ratio of 99% synchuck controller, 6mhz switch frequency low power rapid-response dc/dc pressure converter, 8th channel 14-bit 1msps low
Power arc, 12-bit 1msps serial adc, high-speed low-side drive chip, 8a high-synchronous pressure-relief chip, pressure-up charge control to support the power of the Nvdc band and the immediate monitoring of the mainframe, 23v/6a two-way high flow accuracy electron fuse, single-n ditch 30v/120a/18 m
More than 900 items, such as mosfet, single channel 30v/320a/0.6m  mosfet, microlithium ion/polymer cell with mode of transport, low noise amplifiers for a single disorder, 120v high-speed semi-bridge drive chip, car regulation, synchronised pressure transformers, etc., cover a wide range of product groups.
Li Mei-hyun, a master’s degree from the Chinese People’s University, joined Huaan Securities in January 2024.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information and using publicly available information from the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.