For the first time, São Paulo shares (300661) were covered on the 7th of June, 2024, with a period of strong recovery and long-term competitiveness.
At this point, we believe that consumption has begun to recover, while there are many signs that industry is expected to recover in q3 and cars in 24q4-.
At this stage, the most uncertain phase has been a total equity (millions of shares):
Afterward, the possibility of a radical price strategy followed in China is becoming less likely, while companies face a market value in circulation (million yuan): a price reduction strategy that shows good business resilience and growth potential.
The Māori ratio has increased significantly, even to or above pre-epidemiological levels.1 The company ' s financial data for the first quarter of the year reflect the optimal structure of the company ' s product structure and the extent to which the pressure from the downward cycle and overall price decline has been absorbed by the new varieties ladder.
2) With the end of the cycle, the company demonstrates the systemic resilience of its business ecology and product structure at the bottom of the cycle. With the recovery, the certainty of revenue growth is expected to continue to grow, while profitability increases or is more likely than expected.
3) Overseas industry and automobiles are still waiting to rise. Companies in industry, automobiles, and communications are more resilient and valued to corporate profitability. 4) The pace of expansion and price strategies have less impact on companies, and the market is under pressure to lower prices.
5) Despite the already modest amount of corporate revenue, several dimensions of data are evidence of long-term growth trends in firms Upward risks: the industry landscape is accelerating downstream: market share continues to rise: the company's Māori improvements and the unit price of produce rises. Downward risks: increased competition and too fast price declines; the industry stock is rising faster;
Industry and automobile demand have recovered less than expected; new markets have expanded slowly; and other systemic risks. 1: Market doubts about the simulation of chip cycles and the release of ti production capacity, as we see below 1) down-cycles in the simulation industry have been followed by consumption, industry and automobiles since 22 years q1
Downwards, and it is expected that the recovery will follow in the order of consumption, industry, and automobiles. At this point, consumption is on the rise and, while industry and the automotive sector are on the downside, the downward adjustment is expected to reach the bottom, and the recovery pace in the industry is driving firms back to growth at an accelerated pace.
2) The market has feared that Ti’s continued capacity will be released, with the potential for further pressure on overall market prices, and to further reduce the profitability of domestic model companies. At this stage, the most uncertain phase has passed. On the one hand, the likelihood of aggressive price tactics followed in China has diminished, and on the other hand, the previous price reduction strategies do not seem to be correct.
Companies have had a significant impact, and they have increased their presence in the market and their product-rich rates, even reaching or exceeding pre-epidemiological levels, demonstrating good business resilience and growth potential. While corporate stock valuations appear to be higher than market averages, several important factors have been taken into account, including growth in corporate revenue.
The elasticity of the Māori rate as a result of the product structure, the counter-growth logic in the context of the propensity to expand production, and the optimization of the product structure have led to corporate performance. The increase in the Māori rate in the company during the first quarter reflects the fact that the pressure of the overall price decline has been absorbed to some extent by the product structure of the company and by the new varieties ladder.
2) Domestic simulations of markets are at the bottom of the cycle, and the company’s business structure is fully beneficial. Each simulation plant has a different emphasis on downstream layouts and products, and the financial performance at the bottom of the cycle will vary considerably from the extent to which the product is pin-to-pin. The company’s overall performance in the quarterly report has shown its business ecology and products.
Structures are systematic in the down-cycle phase of risk resistance. As the domestic industrial, communications and automobile markets move into recovery and upswing cycles, firm growth is expected to continue to increase in certainty, while profitability increases or is overpredicted 3) the overall overseas simulation markets wait for industry and automobiles to enter the upper cycle. In the global market perspective, automobiles and workers are expected to do so.
Industry’s demand continues to decline, but the positive signals at the bottom are beginning to surface. As the global simulation core market recovers, companies account for 47 per cent of total revenues in industry, automobiles, and communications, and are expected to enter a significant growth trajectory in the second half of this year and the first half of next year, providing greater elasticity and valuation support for corporate profitability.
4. The pace of production expansion and price strategy trends. We judge that as the capacity utilization rate of rfab2 reached 90%, and pressure from the company as a whole, the possibility of a radical price strategy in China has diminished. And, in the consumer electronic direction, we think that the share of Ti’s domestic market is falling.
We judge that, in the extended consumer electronics-l floor, the market share of companies such as ti, adi and others in consumer and communications markets has gradually declined. 5) Although corporate incomes are already small, the medium- and long-term growth trend is still to be expected.
At several dimensions of product structure resistance and market ownership, companies are in the forefront of the same type of companies within the country and maintain a sustained medium- and long-term growth trend, which is an important reason why we can give companies a certain margin premium at the bottom of the current cycle.
At this point in time, when we first covered São Paulo shares and rated them as “enhancement”, we were based on the emergence of the industry's crutches and the certainty of long-term profitable growth and predictable future markets that characterize the corporate business as a whole.
In fact, starting with the 21-year consumer electronic down-cycle, corporate stock prices have been running down the industry index, and the main concerns of the city are as follows:
The continued R & D capacity and future growth potential of market companies.2 The continuing decline in unit prices for products may make the company ' s M & A rate persistent and unrecoverable.3 The aggressive expansion of capacity and the uncontrollable nature of price strategies.
Of course, these three concerns can be used in most domestic companies that simulate chip listings. After more than two years of downward cycles and market changes, and although the doubts have not been completely resolved, changes in the company’s fundamentals and data are expected to bring confidence to the market.
First, from a company’s business perspective, the low-season recovery cycle and the increase in the Māori rate during the quarter show that the company has absorbed overall price pressures in the product structure and returned to the 52.5% level. Second, the down-cycle of the simulation industry is special, reflected in a long cycle and downstream in consumption, industry and industry.
At this point, consumption is beginning to show signs of recovery, although industry and automobiles are still down.
The down-cycle adjustment has reached the bottom stage. And the different analogue companies, depending on the product structure and downstream market focus, will gradually return to the growth week, where the market gives a profit growth forecast and valuation for the major analogue companies, and we believe that the St. State is growing.
For Ti’s productivity expansion and price strategy. As the capacity utilization of rfab2 reached a relative level, and pressure from the company as a whole, margin, we believe that Ti has adopted a radical price strategy in China.
The possibility is diminishing. And after Ifab2 and the launch of the Sherman 1-2 phase of new production capacity will be 27 years old, and ti will achieve control over elasticity through the modular plant model, reducing market access to production, although it will not be possible to remove doubts about the pace of the ti expansion in the short term and the uncertainty of the price strategy.
In the run-up to the confluence of the company ' s product, pin2pin, and the peak period for the release of the capacity of the ti, the overall market valuation is relative to that of the company from the point of view of the valuation, owing to the greater market space and high growth characteristics of the simulator, although the valuation of the company ' s share value appears to be higher than the market average, taking into account several important factors, including company revenue
The certainty of growth, the elasticity of the Māori rate as a result of product structure, the opposite growth logic in the context of the trend of ti extension, figure 4: Current dynamic p/e-band measurements, figure 5: ntmp/eband measurements
The product structure optimizes the company's performance; The company's income and profitability in the quarter exceeds market expectations and is characterized by a catch-off; operating income: this quarter's operating income is $729,044,755.89, an increase of 42.03 per cent over the same period.
In terms of net profits, achieving net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies is $54,383,429.78, and, in addition to the growth in corporate revenue and profits, we believe that the company ' s main business stoppage is the q1 Māori rate of 52.5 per cent, an increase of 286 basis points over 23 years, 49.6 per cent.
In terms of the industry of the overall simulation chip, the price of the simulation chip continues to fall as the demand for the downstream chip continues to decline, and global production shifts from supply to demand, especially from the release of the ti. The demand for the simulation chip for consumer electronics has gone down significantly in 21 years q1, but due to industry.
The downward trend in consumer electronic chip prices has been offset in part by the continued boom in demand, such as automobiles, so that pmic and chain-related chip prices last 22 years q4 and 23 years q1 and move down as industry and automobiles enter the lower cycle.
q1 entered 24 years, as consumer electronic demand rebounded, the overall chip price decelerated and the sales of products such as pmic and signal chains led companies to grow on a year-on-year basis, but the prices of pmic and letter chains as a whole decreased by 10-20 per cent compared to the same period last year.
Thus, the company’s one-quarter increase in the Māori rate reflects the optimal structure of the company’s products and the extent to which the pressure from the decline in overall prices has been absorbed by the new varieties ladder. Cellular repossessors drive domestic simulation markets to the bottom, and the company’s business structure fully benefits.
In terms of data, the overall sales of semiconductors across the globe show a downward trend, with demand for electronics, especially mobile phones, on the one hand, and more because expected changes drive demand and prices for storage chips. For the simulation chip industry itself, the whole is still at the bottom of the cycle.
The rise in prices caused by the 2020-21 epidemic and the high stock generated by speculation have changed the pace of the industry’s operations, so the simulation industry’s down-cycle cycle is special, reflected in long cycles, high stocks, and downstream landscapes are presented in a staggered downward pattern of consumption, industry and cars.
Since 2022, q1, consumer electronics have entered a distinct downward cycle, two quarters earlier than automobiles and industry. Until 23, the global market for smartphones q3-q4 recovered, including the same demand for mobile phones in the Chinese market.
The current overall consumer electronics has entered a normal seasonal growth cycle. China’s overall consumer electronic share is relatively high, and China has entered earlier than overseas on simulated chips.
The overall sales performance of pmic is more pronounced than in signal chain products. On the signal chain, the warming of the demand for photovoltaics and storage energy and the demand for automated production lines for some electronics have brought some insight into domestic industrial demand for 24 years.
q1 began to show some warmth. The bottom-up warming of the domestic simulation market led to a domestic simulation of the growth of the former plant and the rehabilitation of the Māori rate.
The financial performance at the bottom of the cycle of recovery will vary considerably, depending on the degree to which the product is pin-to-pin. Corporate performance at the end of the cycle has shown the overall performance of its business ecology and product structure at the bottom of the cycle.
As the domestic industrial, communications, and automobile markets move into a recovery and upswing cycle, the certainty of growth is expected to continue to grow, while profitability increases or is more likely than expected. Sripp, Selejie, mps,adi, and the bottom of the core are selected for 2024q1.
While the demand for cars and industries continues to decline from a global market perspective, the positive signals at the bottom are also linked to the q1 financial performance of Texas apparatuses, the adis, etc., and to recent interviews with the executives of the industry.
The industry is expected to start moving gradually to a positive direction, from collection, client orders, stock changes, Maori rates, and downstream sections, which are expected to lead to an upward climate cycle and valuation opportunities, based on information from the Ti and Di financial statements:
The first is the company revenue level: Ti and Di give 3.8% and 5% of the qoq quarterly growth guidelines, respectively, and the second quarter is higher than expected by the market. Although the yoy base does not see any significant improvement in the future, the company’s management does.
Second, on the customer order: Ti believes that the client’s orders have been growing continuously every month during the quarter, while the increase in the orders is a recovery in the market.
And the Asia-Pacific region, especially China, is more optimistic about the trend.
The company (book-to-billratio) has exceeded one in all markets, indicating that the orders exceed the delivery volume. Ti has been emphasizing in the past law that they want to build more stocks, so that their stock levels will be higher.
The company’s inventory at the end of the first quarter was $4.1 billion, an increase of $84 million over the previous quarter, and its inventory days were 16 days more than the previous quarter, reaching 235 days. Note that this is not an increase in stock due to demand problems, but rather an increase in the company’s stock level.
The company stated that it had increased the plant’s capacity utilization in order to bring the stock closer to the level they expected. The company indicated that it would adjust the relevant plant’s capacity utilization rate to market demand in the next two quarters, and that the stock reached a reasonable level, suggesting that the company’s harvest would continue to improve.
For adi, because its strategy is a sales system for agents, the impact of the agent’s inventory on the company’s collection is more evident than ever. The company’s emphasis on its own inventory and its inventory revision is still in progress.
It is worth noting that while companies have reduced their channel stock levels, sales in the second quarter have continued to grow, while the Māori rate has increased, reflecting the continuing warming of demand. The company also expects to move into balanced operations by the fourth quarter, which is an important signal of a demand reversal.
Figure 18: Ti andadi collection and Maori (millions of United States dollars) Doi status of stock in major simulation companies The first quarter Māori rate is 57 per cent, the second quarter does not give guidance, and the market expects the Māori rate now (net)
The market price and cost of the company’s products have stabilized, as reflected by the stability of the market price and cost of the company’s products.Di’s Māori rate for the first quarter is 66.7 per cent, and the company’s Māori rate is expected to be slightly higher in the second quarter, except for Tí, where we summarize some of the main model companies’ expectations as follows.
Industry, automobiles, and communications are expected to recover at different paces for downstream industries. Now, industry is at the bottom of q1, and q3 is expected to enter the heating cycle this year.
On the other hand, from the perspective of the major industrial-type analog chip suppliers, Tí believes that China is ahead of other countries in a downward and upturning cycle, and that the signs of recovery in China, as a market for important industrial products, augur well for the potential of industry to hit the bottom for some time to come.
In terms of stock levels, the stock levels of mainstream industrial control companies have increased somewhat in the past quarter, but the overall level is not very high. Photovoltaic and storage capacity, and the country’s domestic grid upgrades, electronic oems and white household power, have increased in the second half of this year.
Looking to enter the climate cycle, automated markets are beginning to recover, and industry as a whole is entering the atmosphere in the second half of this year, unlike the consumer electronic and industrial climates, cars have been experiencing a cyclical downturn since last year q3 and more from the end of the active downstream stock replenishment cycle after the full release of upstream capacity.
In 24 years, while a weak pattern of vehicle demand was observed, the increased demand for power management, connectors and sensors, and signal processing, particularly in the areas of safety, connectivity and autopilot support systems (adas), and battery management bms, resulted in a variety of vehicle platforms, including internal combustion, mixing and pure electricity.
Although there is no good upward elasticity in the volume of cars for 24 years, the increase in the value of bike simulation chips supports the overall upward trend in the industry. q4 is expected to drop in q1 from this year to next year, as the plant and Tier1 stock drops.
With respect to communications, there has been no significant improvement in the demand for the base station. And arithmetic-related light communication needs are currently also driving some of the industry’s orders, which are relatively stable overall.
The global simulation chip market is recovering, and the company’s operations in industry, automobiles, communications, etc. are expected to enter a significant growth trajectory in the second half of this year and the first half of next year, creating greater elasticity in corporate profitability and a good support for valuation.
With Rfab2 having a capacity utilization rate of more than 90%, and with the pressure of the company as a whole, we believe that the possibility of Tti’s aggressive price strategy in China is diminishing. The main extension capacity is currently 12 inches, most notably in Richardson, Texas.
Rfab2. Total investment amounted to $3.2 billion, starting in the 22nd year. Another line was purchased from micron, ifab1 in Lehi, Utah, which was launched in 23 years.
Sm2, originally planned for 25 years, but now it's not expected to produce 26 years ago. Inch crystallines, the original 6-8 inch crystalline production capacity is about $9 billion. With Richardson, the inch crystal ratio is over 80%.
The current ti 12 inch simulation chip crystal yield is mainly derived from rfab1 and dmos6, embedded and partly based in lfab1. According to historical data, rfab1 is 20 kwpm, while dmos6 is 22 kwpm, and lfab1 in lehi has 70 kwpm.
Lehi ' s lfab1 is currently capable of producing about 70 kwpm, which is a logical process. It is mainly based on 65 nm for envm and embedded products, with a number of bcds. There are some high-speed mixed signal products in 23 years. Ifab2: a clean room was built at the end of 23 years, equipment was introduced for 24-26 years, and production is expected to be released after 27 years.
The product direction is mainly embedded and high-speed signal chain products. rfab2 is a new crystallized mill connecting to rfab1.
We expect that Rfab2's pace of expansion in 23 years is linked to the price strategy that Ti has adopted in the country.
Shermam 1-2 is expected to complete the construction of a clean room in 26 years. The income associated with the 26-year contribution will be small. The company will promote the commissioning of the lfab2 and lfab1 plant in 27 years, based on 26 years of revenue.
In our earlier exchange of information with market channels, we had learned that 23 years had been a good time to use new production capacity, that Ti had adopted a price reduction strategy for some products in the domestic market, and that in fact some generic products had seen a decline.
So the market was worried that Ti’s continued capacity could be released, that there was a further risk of lower prices on the whole market, and that it would further reduce the profitability of domestic simulation companies. From recent exchanges of calibres and data, we do not think that Ti has much impact on the state.
On the contrary, companies have gained a greater share of the market: 1) Ti has been emphasizing their technical reliability and cost advantages. Tí has been expanding the 12-inch capacity component, mostly in automobiles and industry, with a small share of consumer electronics, and Rfab2 capacity utilization has also been achieved.
More than 90% have been achieved. In a relatively low industrial and automobile market, the choice of pricecompetitive is certainly more reasonable than priceaggressive, and the possibility of radical price strategies is significantly reduced. 2) In the consumer electronic direction, we believe that Ti’s share in the domestic market is declining.
The decline in line operations and communications was nearly two quarters earlier and created a high stock of automobiles and industries. t1 Early on, there was a real price reduction for consumer electronics, both from high stocks of mobile phones and telecommunications, and perhaps to maintain China’s market share by lowering prices.
But the effect of the price reduction seems to be less than ideal in terms of data, especially for consumer electronics and telecommunications. In the 23rd quarter of 23 years, the company’s recovery in China continued to decline, at a slower rate than in the United States, at least showing a loss of its share in the consumer electronics market.
Compared to the steady upward trend in the domestic market share of St. John's State, which began in 23 years, (3) we judge that the growth of consumer electronics (CEL) floors objectively boosted the decline in the market share of companies like Ti and Di in consumer and communications products.
Figure 28: Quarterly changes in sales in China and the United States (millions of United States dollars)
We believe that, despite the fact that the company's current harvest is not too small, the trend in unit prices of the company's products, its structural resistance, its risk resistance and its market occupancy are among the highest in the country and its medium- and long-term growth trends remain positive and are an important factor in the value premium that we can offer to the company at the bottom of the current cycle.
One is that, in terms of product price trends, the upgrading of the corporate product mix has led to a gradual upward trend in unit prices. I am 107%, compared with a 30% increase in unit prices for silicone products in the same cycle. There is a large difference between the unit price of a product of 0.4 dollars for a product of Ti, and there is much room for a future increase in the product mix and the unit price of a product.
Second, the elasticity of the company’s performance during the recovery phase, after a long downward cycle, shows that the company has a more robust and visible potential in terms of product structure gradients, product sizes and business strategies than other rivals. * First of all, on the channel model, the State has more variety and coverage in the product mix, both at the channel level and at the titi level.
Similarly, through a combination of agent and direct sales management, the client is directly targeted. The overall profit margin is stable through the provision of an overall programme, not a specific type of product.
The visibility of the company’s late orders is increasing, starting with an increase in the stock of water. – On the pmic product, the overall Māori rate of the large customer mobile phone supply chain is low, but below the market, it can stabilize the growth of revenue and thus the Māori rate of the company.
In the run-up to the Silijah-Jeva Principal Competition, market prices have fallen considerably, with some impact on the higher number of dc-dc products, Jawartt. The company’s pmic Māori ratio has seen a steady upward trend.
With the signs of warming demand, the relatively good performance of generic adc and GM magnifiers is an important factor in the overall recovery of the company’s Māori rate. As the industry cycle moves forward in the future, it is expected to open up further.
Figure 35: Corporate signal chains in China Tam (millions of United States dollars) Figure 36: Corporate signal chains in global markets (millions of United States dollars)
The city’s growth rate has been more convincing and dissipating the price increase of chips during the epidemic. Without consideration of the special chip simulation component, the company’s share of domestic and global markets has continued to rise from a generic pmic perspective alone.
São Paulo shares are the leading national integrated circuit design company, with products covering power management chips and signals chain chips, covering 32 major categories of excess 5,200 material numbers, which are widely applied in the areas of consumer electronics, industrial controls, new energy sources, automobiles and electronics, medical electronics, wearing equipment and communications.
As a result of the release of the simulator's new production capacity, competition in the domestic simulator market increased, and the net profit from corporate collections and homecomings grew negative. 2024q1, as downstream demand cooled, the company's profitability rebounded, the net profit boom recovered, the company's margins were repaired, and the net interest rate was raised by about 3 pct, which was still affected by the cost increase by about 3 pct.
With the impact of the earthquake in Taiwan, China, the company’s supply chain is threatened to some extent, and the simulation industry is at the bottom of the cycle. To ensure performance growth in the upper cycle, the company is strategic in raising stock levels and shortening the client’s delivery cycle.
Power management chip: The power management chip is the company’s core business, accounting for about 70% of the revenue. As downstream demand recovers, especially the consumer-type e-scene atmosphere leads, companies are deeply tied to core customers, superimposed, simulation industry competition slows, and companies are expected to harvest the power management chip from 2024 to 2026.
Signal chain chip: The signal chain chip is the second core business of the company, accounting for about 30% of the revenue. Currently, the consumer electronics are in the replenishment phase, the industry is expected to enter the landscape at 24q3, and we expect the company's São Bong shares to be the leading home-grown simulators, and we've chosen Southern core technology, Alto Electronics, Sreap and Sreipo.
As comparable companies with similar lines of business, the average marketed companies of the crystal-rich source a were identified in 2024-2026 as certainty, the long-term resilience of the business model to system risks, the elasticity of the product structure, the resilience of growth, the increase in the unit price of the product and the increase in the market share, and companies could appropriately grant valuation premiums above market averages.
Downstream industry climate accelerates: the current period of sustained improvement in global macroeconomics will lead to steady growth in various sectors, and further improvements in the macro-environment will benefit firms’ performance. Market share will continue to rise: companies will continue in the direction of consumption of electronics and industry and telecommunications cars.
Corporate Māori improvements and higher unit prices: promoting the spread of new products such as high-precision industry adc, special pmic chip, etc. in industry, automobiles, communications, etc. Increased competition and fast price declines; continued price competition for domestic and foreign corporate homogenous products, etc.
Accelerating growth in industrial inventories: significant supply releases and continued low downstream demand, leading to a recovery in demand for proxy and downstream systems industries and automobiles that are not as expected: longer down-run cycles for industry and automobiles and longer storage cycles. New markets are lagging: new products are in the direction of automobiles, industry and communications, including high-level consumption of electronics, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.