The new three-year strategy is clear to secure the location of the unit financing In-depth Report by the Central Bank (601998) Low capital adequacy at the core level, short-term capital replenishment pressure, Stocking Programme Service
A gradual improvement in the quality of assets, a decline in the balance of non-performing loans and a further increase in the coverage of the provision. Retail operations have developed in a balanced manner: income and profit contributions from retail operations have been gradually raised over the past few years
Accelerating the transformation of wealth management: The new three-year development plan emphasizes adherence to robust nuclear development programmes, with individual clients managing the balance of assets (including market value) reaching $3.48 trillion at the end of the year. Retail deposits amount to 41.95%. With wealth management, asset management, and integrated financing services in the future,
The rapid development of synergies will drive the growing scale of substitute products and hosting assets, thus contributing to the rapid growth of agent and fiduciary and fiduciary income, as well as to the continuing unacknowledged acceleration of interest spreads in the relative titties _aaa_ second quarter.
19%. In 2021, the Consortium invested $7,537 million in information technology, an increase of 8.82% over the previous year.
In terms of asset quality, the quality of assets will improve significantly with historical problems. On the basis of these assumptions and predictions, we measure low valuations for 2022-2024 and improved expectations for future fundamentals.
Risk factors: Large wealth management operations do not grow as expected. If the economic impact of the epidemic is higher than expected, the quality of assets deteriorates significantly.
1.12021 Total asset and loan growth was largely at the same rate as the equity block. Since 2012, the ratio of public loans has decreased by 27.3 percentage points, while the ratio of retail loans has risen by 22.2 in October 2021, with Sino-Kin Bank assessed by the regulatory body as a systemically important bank in the country, with 0.5 per cent additionality.
Capital requirements. In 2021, there was an increase of 7.72% over the same year. While regulatory capital requirements are currently being met, future consumption of capital will increase as business expands further, and there is still pressure for further capital replenishment.
On 30 April, the company disclosed a plan for the public distribution of equity shares. According to the plan, the company was fully used to supplement core-level capital by $202.1 billion.
Given the impact of additional factors, such as the downward adjustment in the interest rate on the lpr quote since December 2021, we believe that the net difference continues to have a negative effect on growth, with a slight increase in the share of net revenue from fees. In terms of the current structure of fee revenue, bank cards
Businesses, trustees and other trustees accounted for a relatively high share of 40.6 per cent and 25.2 per cent, respectively, of which trustees and other trustees registered an increase of 87.6 per cent, mainly as a result of the increase in revenue from financial transaction fees.
The combined balance reached 44.4 per cent, with an increase in the negative balance and the negative rate in the rental and commercial services sectors, transport warehousing and postal services, and construction.
0.56 percentage points. The credit-related financing balance of real estate-related loans, bank notes, bonds, bond investments, non-valued investments, etc., is $397.713 billion, which is $36993 million less than at the end of the previous year, of which $284,801 million represents a decrease of $2.807 billion, or 12.19 per cent, compared to the end of the previous year.
This represents a decrease of 1.06 percentage points from the end of the previous year; public housing, which is not subject to credit risk, such as sales by the group, finance, etc., is $9.468 billion less than at the end of the previous year. The ability of individual housing firms to pay is affected by factors such as the decline in the state of the real estate industry, and debt risk rises, with a negative loan rate of 3.63 per cent to public property, up from 0.28 per cent at the beginning of the year.
Since 2015, there has been a steady improvement in the quality of the Bank ' s assets, and the transformation of wealth management has accelerated a steady increase in scientific and technological inputs.
In recent years, the share of retail business has increased steadily as companies optimize their allocation of resources. By the end of 2021, the share of assets in retail branches had reached 26.6 per cent, up from 2016, and by the end of 2021, retail loans accounted for 42.3 per cent of total current loans, up from 9.1 per cent at the end of 2016.
The credit structure of retail operations showed that by the end of 2021, mortgage lending stood at 47.4 per cent, consumer loans at 11.7 per cent, business loans at 15.2 per cent, credit card loans at 25.7 per cent, and the ratio of loans to various categories remained essentially stable, except for a slight change in the ratio of consumer and business loans.
With regard to retail customer outreach, by the end of 2021, the total number of individual clients stood at 120 million, the fourth largest on the list, an increase of 7.98 per cent over the same period. Of these, the total number of VIP clients was over 1 million, the number of outgoing customers and the number of elderly customers in the credit card business was 10,132 million by the end of 2021, an increase of 9.4 per cent over the same period.
Credit card transactions amounted to $278.135 million, an increase of 14.05 per cent over the same period. 2.2 The management of wealth is a core diversion of new retail sales.
The three-year development plan emphasizes the development imperatives of the “three tops” and the “three tops.” Among these, the three tops refer to high-tech driving, high-quality development, and high-value creation.
The Ministry of Digital Finance, the Telecentre, and the offline wealth management team set up the Department of Wealth Management to promote “all-round products and services for all clients.” Staffing was increased by 15% for line finance managers, and by 15% for remote access teams.
By the end of 2021, the balance of individual customer management assets (including market value) amounted to $3.48 trillion. Retail deposits accounted for $972.3 billion of individual customer management asset balances.
In the first quarter of 2022, the asset management business was the central link in the company's value chain of building a wealth management-asset management-integrated finance, building on trust in the financial license and asset organization, taking full advantage of intra-group synergies and mother-and-child synergies.
At the end of 2021, in 2021, companies took advantage of the synergies of the group to achieve a multiplicity of expenses in such sectors as fund-raising, trust, and financial management schemes, with a cumulative amount of more than $3 billion. In addition, IBRD added sales through external channels, amounting to 1278.
Millions of dollars, and more than 1 million direct account-opening clients, we expect that, with the rapid and concerted development of wealth management, asset management and integrated financing services in the future, the scale of the products that will drive the sales and the size of the hosting assets will continue to grow, thus facilitating agent operations and trustees and trustees.
2.3 Science and technology investment has steadily increased, and the digital transition has accelerated. In recent years, the Bank of Central Credit has steadily increased its investment in science and technology. In 2018-2021, it accumulated 245 investments in science and technology.
In 2021, the group invested $7,537 million in information technology, an increase of 8.82 per cent compared to the previous year. In the case of wealth management operations, the “m+ platform” was used as an example, and the “m+ platform” was used as a two-wing "i marketing platform " , based on digitalization and intelligence engines, with deep insight into clients' needs.
Risk identification and early warning capabilities. Strengthening credit concentration control through “human defence” and “technical defence.” Sino-Bank has a good base for strategic and institutional clients in public business, and is actively developing trading banking; Retail operations, with wealth management at their core leading to “new retailing”.
Loans are growing at a steady rate. As equity shares land, it is hoped that they will be freed from asset-end expansion and open the door to new three years of business development.
As the company’s large wealth management business progresses rapidly, it will lead to a gradual improvement in the quality of money and assets, and a decrease in the level of the provision. As historical problems are gradually cleared, the quality of assets will gradually grow.
To the best of all, there has been a decline in the scale of the provision. If the economic impact of the epidemic is higher than expected, the quality of the assets has deteriorated significantly.