Corporate operations are first released, with the potential for excellence. Companies have developed in a balanced manner, with all markets ranked first, with no short lines of business, while leading in the organization's business layout, with a trend towards the future growth of corporate business in the securities sector.
The company’s earlier focus on the organization’s operations, the current well-established corporate customer management model, the integrated delivery of a package of services in the areas of research, marketing, marketing, and systems, and the high rate of growth in the combined income of bond dealers.
The volume market share is 26.89%, while the number of private fund-raising and fund-raising trusts is the highest in the entire industry for four consecutive years. In the future, China’s securities market will continue to grow in institutionalization, with the company’s strategic layout leading, and it is hoped that the type and size of hosting platform operations will continue to expand and services will be upgraded.
The traditional business structure is balanced and is located in the first echelon: the first quarter of 2018.
The field share is 3.98%, and the industry is in the first row. Ipos, refinancing, bond underwriting, and business sizes continue to grow steadily, and the city’s share continues to rise.
The average daily turnover of three months (million yuan) is in the first row, with no short-line operations.
In addition, the company has the ability to stay close to innovative business and to take the lead in launching the country's first government and social capital partnership asset securities, using market prices as a standard on June 28, 2018.
For the first time in the inter-bank market, the introduction of foreign investors through the “bonds to the north” to support securities. International operations continue to be promoted, leading to the marketing of large and strategic clients.
US$ 1 billion, a significant increase of 392.3 per cent over the same year, with 13 on the same line.  Double impact of market volatility on industry performance, valuation; change in policy implications for corporate operations
Figure 2. Market share of the securities pool business. Figure 1. Income structure of the securities.
Figure 3. Market share of stock base exchange, Figure 4. Market share of two-way balance sales, profit/loss statement (millions of yuan)