The net profit fell by almost 30 per cent, and the brokering portfolio grew robustly. In the evening of 29 August, securities were issued and the company achieved a medium-term performance report. In the first half of 2018, it achieved operating income of $4,786 million, a decrease of 18.31 per cent compared to the same period last year; the net return to the mother was $1.807 billion, the same amount.
It is clear that, despite the company’s bright spots in brokering, financial management, and institutional services during the reporting period, the sharp decline in investment income and investment returns still has a significant impact on the company’s profit table. One of the main reasons for the decline in performance was the fact that equity underwriters fell with the industry.
The contraction in sales is mainly due to the overall environmental impact of the industry (the industry's ipo collection ratio changes). In the first half of the year, in a broader context of more stringent ipo audits and slower rhythms, the company made every effort to develop a high-quality ipo project reserve that meets regulatory requirements, and by the end of the first half of the year, the company's ipo was in session.
The number of nuclear projects is 22, ranked fourth in the industry, and it is expected that the company ' s ipo portfolio will pick up significantly in the second half of the year. In the case of bonds, the head of the company ' s bonds in the first half of the year was 167,284 million yuan (the third in the industry), an increase of 21.32% over the same year.
The main amount under cover was 89,102 million yuan (listed as market number 1), an increase of 67.20 per cent over the same period, and the main reason for the decline in performance was two: the decline in net interest was more than half + the decline in the return on self-investment was more than two per cent.
Interest income from capital intermediation operations increased; interest expenditure amounted to $3,241 million, an increase of 44.62 per cent over the previous year, mainly as a result of the growth in the size of corporate debt financing (paying short-term corporate debt, revenue voucher interest expenditure).
In the first half of the year, companies made their investments.
Brokering and wealth management operations: sound stock-based transactions + proxies. During the first half of 2018, corporate brokerage was stable, net revenue from business fees was $1,856 million, and cooperation with a small number of channels further explored potential customer trading spaces.
With the rapid development of the business, the cumulative volume of transactions amounted to $84,896 million, an increase of 129.95 per cent over the same period, and the market share of the transactions was broken down by Deep City Nos. 1 and 7 with a stronger competitive advantage. On the wealth management side, companies achieved 423,542 million yuan in sales of various items of property in the first half of the year.
Asset management business: Active capital supports business income increases. Market volatility and capital management are new.
In the context of the dual impact of regulations and the declining trend in the overall size of the industry, the focus on the active management of products has increased against the market. For the first half of the year, the net revenue from the management of the business has been $545 million (ranked industry 7th), an increase over the same period.
Institutional services: The main broker service system is well developed and the hosting power is strong. In the last six months, the company master voucher system platform has been online with a self-developed "Certificate Trading Master" system and integrated with the company ' s alpha series of innovative trading platforms, and service capabilities have been upgraded. As of the first half of the year,
At the end of the day, the size of the securities assets of the company ' s principal securities dealer group was $206.8 billion, an increase of 13.3 per cent from the beginning of the year, while the stock-base turnover of the company ' s principals increased by 48.9 per cent on the same basis, with regard to hosting operations, the number of off-the-shelf products held by the company was 17,614, an increase of 7.7 per cent compared with the beginning of the year.
Quantified market share of 26.45%, ranked first in the market, and public funds hosting products ranked first in the same number as managers of 1,wf0e coverage and service products. Companies are well positioned in the hosting sector and are expected to increase profits further in the future.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: The synchronized decline in equity underwriting, net interest earnings and investment returns results in companies performing less than expected in the first half of the year. But companies invest in ipo projects that are rich, have a better investment capacity, and that result from bond interest spending and new accounting standards.