Incidents: On 26 April, the company issued a quarterly report for the year 2019, in which it achieved business income of $14.405 billion, an increase of 14.44 per cent over the reporting period; profits totalling $4.329 billion, with the seignite industry (601225.sh) increasingly affecting the company ' s production and declining production in the first quarter. Coal production fell by 2,396.4 million tons (5.13 per cent) during the reporting period.
Despite the gradual operationalization of the equivalent production in the current phase since 2019, a major security check triggered by the Elmforest mine accident on 12 January disrupted the company’s ability to release production in the Xiaobei mining area, causing a fall in production in the first quarter and now returning to normal production in the Xiangbei mining area.
In the reporting period, the company sold tons of coal at a cost of $421.23 per ton, an increase of $28.31 per ton (7.20 per cent), Wang Chimin Research Assistant at a rate of 44.37 per cent, a decrease of 11.03 pct, an increase of 2.56 pct. According to the Xinxi Coal Trading Centre, the price of coal sold as of 26 April 2019 was higher.
Coal prices averaged $428.67 per ton in the second quarter, up slightly from $426.55 per ton in the first quarter of 2019, and companies are expected to continue to increase their profitability in the second quarter. Corporate debt continues to decline, and cash-for-change companies. By the end of the first quarter of 2019, total corporate debt fell by $4.447 billion from $54.14 billion at the end of 2018.
The Quarterly Review of the Sãoxi Coal Industry (601225.sh) reported a steady increase in performance, a strong cash flow and confidence in repurchase shares, 2018.10.30 Profit forecasts and ratings: benefiting from the high climate of the coal industry, maintaining a medium-high coal price hub, steady release of additional productive capacity of the company, and increasing profitability of the company.
\triangleright, Reported in the Shaanxi Coal Industry (601225.sh): a steady increase in performance.
For the first time, the Sanxi Coal Industry (601225.sh) covered: resource endowments, share price catalytic factors: illicit production of coal mine management overstretched, new production capacity released on schedule, Monhua Railway progressing well, etc. \triangleright
Risk factors: significant macroeconomic slowdown, risk to safe production. \triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
"Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, Ming Zho, Dr., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s Pool of Experts, and Member of the China Sindha Business Audit Advisory Expert Bank.
He was the Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, revised coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016, which was responsible for research in the coal sector; Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering at the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management at the People's University of China; joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering College, China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to conduct research in the coal industry. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making in this category, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.