Cash is good, balance sheets continue to be well repaired. In January, the Mystery mine caused the elm forest area.
As a result, production fell by 5.1 to 23.96 million tons in the first quarter of the year. Trade coal sales increased by 9 to 33.83 million tons. Changes in home-grown coal and trade coal led to a change in marketing structure for the current period.
In the first quarter of 2019, there was a 2.4 per cent decline in the year-on-year ratio, with cash strong and profit rates falling. In the first quarter of 2019, the return to the mother ' s net profit was $2.77 billion, a 2.4 per cent decline in the year-on-year rate, or 0.28 dollars per share, representing 25 per cent of our forecast of profits for the year-on-year, which is what was expected. Revenue from the main business was $14.4 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The gross profit of $6.38 billion, a 7.4 per cent decline in the same year, remained unchanged at 12 per cent. The investment in the equity of Kirung resulted in an increase of $290 million in the fair value of trust assets. Operating profits ranged from 19 per cent. Cash flow continued to improve and improve, and balance sheets continued to be better repaired: each share operated.
The net liability rate fell from 10% in the same period last year to a net cash-like Kamaki mine, which reduced production by 5% in the first quarter, but the increase in trade in coal led to a 9% increase in sales and a change in sales structure. Coal prices increased by 7.2%, and coal production by 23.96 million tons in the first quarter, a decrease of 5.1% from the previous year.
In connection with the major coal mine accident that killed 21 people on January 12, the company is expected to lose 2 million tons of production. However, the company actively organized the trade in coal, which increased by 9 per cent to 33.83 million as a result of the increase in trade in coal (but did not disclose the exact amount).
The dollar, which represents a significant 34 per cent increase in the same year, is related to the increase in the volume of coal purchased in trade. Ton of coal, $187 is lower by 14 per cent, and tons of coal net profit is $116, representing an increase of 2.9 per cent, as a result of changes in the distribution structure resulting from the increase in trade in coal and the reduction in home-grown coal, the price and cost of coal and tons of coal in the current period
Production could increase by 22% over the next three years, equity output by more than 30%, and it would continue to grow better. With Xiao Bodang, Quan Tai Bing mine, 13 million tonnes of Xiaobo in second phase, and Sun Jibang in second phase,
At the market price of 26 April 2019, 19 years later, the railways improved their capacity. In 18 years, they accounted for 41 per cent of total sales, a percentage point higher than in 17 years. The Monhua Railway is expected to travel in October 19 with an initial capacity of 100 million tons.
The Tsangxi coal industry is likely to allocate 20 million tons, up from 18 years of corporate coal sales. 18 tons of net coal gains of $104 and 34 per cent growth over the next three years, clearly contributing to the improvement of railway bottlenecks and the continued increase in profitability.
Period 2019.4.11 Corporate fundamentals are clear: companies have good coal and high profitability with low sulfur in high-carats (many " Growth and profitability + low valuation + high dividends " , plate preferences)
These indicators are at the forefront of the industry, good cost control, good growth, and high capacity to release potential and improve railways are expected to lead to performance growth. Companies are well-growing, highly profitable, and undervalued, and are high-quality indicators for the plate.
With the economic downside pressure, the price of coal falling, cost, etc., exceeding expectations, good performance is not sustainable.