In 18 years, 19 years of production release, Zhou Jie's research assistant, the company's coal business was well-priced and profitable. The company produced 1,009 million tons of coal during the reporting period, an increase of 7.12 million tons (7.05 per cent) over the same period.
Wang Chimin Research Assistant, Xiaoxi Coal (601225.sh) Quarterly Report Review: Strong Performance, Cash Flows, Repurchases of Stock Showing Confidence, 2018.10.30
The Tsangxi Coal Industry (601225.sh) reported a steady increase in performance and a long period of concentrated production release is about to begin. 2018.08.10 The Tsangxi Coal Industry (601225.sh) is covered for the first time: resource endowments
The alternative growing coal core assets, 2018.06.01 tonnes/year project approval applications for change were approved by the National Development and Reform Commission, and S.P.I. was in the test production phase; Sun's fork mining has also increased its capacity from 4 million tonnes/tonne to 8 million tonnes/year, while the company plans to increase the HDR coal mine from 15 million tonnes/year to 18 million tonnes/year, and the additional high-quality production capacity is about to be released.
Road and Jingse railways are expected to be built simultaneously in October 2019, and transport bottlenecks in the Xinbei mining area, which accounts for 55% of production, will be broken, and iron transport capacity will be effectively secured. Production upscaling is guaranteed, with firm growth in company performance in 2019.
Repurchases in Beijing, Beijing, West Side, 9th Street, House 1, affect the current distribution, considering the company's cash flow, low indebtedness, falling capital expenditure, and its potential for high-scoring red future.
It is significantly lower than the average of 49.99% of companies listed in coal mining (including China’s God), where the interest-bearing debt ratio is only 14.53% and the debt burden is lighter. With North Base development crossing the peak of investment, corporate capital spending will continue to fall in 19 years. Companies have a strong free cash flow, an undistributed profit of 29.777 billion yuan, an average of 35% of the Division’s red rate and a positive cash share since 2015.
Profit predictions and ratings: Benefiting from the high climate of the coal industry, the maintenance of a medium-high coal price hub, and the steady release of new and additional production capacity by companies to expand their export capacity, the company’s profitability will be further enhanced. Based on the company’s latest disclosure of equity stock levels, no repurchase of shares will be considered for write-off.
Risk factors: Large macroeconomic slowdowns and risks to safe production; Dr. Zhok Ming, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s expert bank, member of the China Xinda Operations Audit Advisory Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired), research advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, and revision of the coal industry technology policy
Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master of Technology, School of Mining Engineering, University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.