In the third quarter of 2017, the company achieved an operating income of $7,157 million, an increase of 83.21 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2017, of which 2,926 million were earned in the third quarter, an increase of 81.11 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a net profit of $1,812 million, an increase of 2.85 per cent over the previous three quarters.
The company also issued a year-round performance forecast for 2017, which is expected to be attributed to the listed company stock stock, with an average sales price of $14.54/kg for the previous three quarters and 87.79 kg for the third quarter, due to the expected decline in pig prices since June and the increase in the proportion of pigs sold by the company.
Four quarters of the price of pigs is expected to rebound seasonally, benefiting from the cost control of the “self-sustaining” model, and is expected to be profitable at over $300 a year. The expansion of capacity continues and the valuation hub rises. The company’s fixed assets increased by 39.71% in the first three quarters of 2017 and construction in progress, respectively, compared to the end of 2016.
\triangleright, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East and 60.31%. The expansion of the company’s productive capacity has been steadily increasing, with projects in the main food-producing areas of China, North China, and the Northeast.
We expect the company to score 750, 1,200, and 18 million pigs in 17-19 years. We believe that companies expand their production capacity at a time when the industry is being scaled up, taking advantage of their dominant resources, building capacity, and contributing to higher levels of corporate market ownership, and achieving greater profitability at the end of the cycle.
The company’s third employee holding plan was completed, and the priority share for non-public distribution was approved by the CVM in September. The seasonal backlash of pig prices does not change the downward trend of the entire cycle, while cash flow is the ability of the farm business to cross the cycle and achieve a reverse scale.
By using diversified financing, companies have sufficient cash flows to support their ability to expand their production capacity, cope with Pig Week, and we look at the company’s excellent cost-control capabilities, and continue to expand in order to measure the logic of surcharges. We expect the company’s harvests from 2017-19, the risk of price volatility, the risk of falling short of expectations, the risk of disease, and so on.
Master of Accounting in Eastern Finance and Surgery, in 2008 in the capital of the country of accession for research in agriculture and food and beverages, in 2011 in the Anshin securities for food and beverages.
Research, participation in East Hing Securities in the food and beverages industry in 2013, nine years of experience in the food and beverage industry.
A Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies