002714.sz The objective existence and effectiveness of the cycle of the poultry fish industry
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry averages. Time is booming. We call it a "super-long cycle." The cycle of pig farming fluctuates.
The foreseeable cycle is not terrible, and the real risk is an unforeseeable cycle of dark swans. For farming enterprises, as the cycle fluctuates, the value moves into three categories:
Category I: Successfully passing through cycles and growing up. The best of these are found in such industries as Makahara and Winchung.
There is usually no loss throughout the year. High-point profits are rising, low-point losses are limited in the industry, and 2. "The rise of pastoralism: China’s pastoralist, the pets of the time are replenished, leading to rising lows and highs.
Category II: The size remains constant, stagnating. The vast majority of dispersed households fall into this category. Because of higher costs, profits are less than those in category I at the high end of the cycle, and there is a significant loss at the low end; the size remains constant, and profits and losses are offset by a slight surplus.
The third category: higher costs and higher cyclicality. Cost-control smaller-scale enterprises fall into this category.
Classes. At the high end of the cycle, profits ranged between the first and second classes, and overexploitation at the low point might be funded by a deep study of the stock company, 2017.8.2 The risk of a break in the gold chain. Its growth pattern is that peaks are rising, valleys are falling, even in a certain wave.
If you need to sell the pig-raising stock at the high end of the cycle, it's only for the third group of companies, because the chain of funds breaks down the cycle.
Risks. For herds, in the process of rapid expansion, the industry’s leading farm productivity is maintained. This means that the rest of the cycle may not be lost, because the inefficient ones take the lead in cutting supplies and running them up. The herds’ periodicity has been diluted.
Prices have a cycle, but the fall in pig prices is not a risk, and only black swans outside the expected cycle are the ones that have a strong interest in pastoralism, based on a strong confidence in the persistence of the pig cycle. In the cyclical industry, there are very good, efficient and low-cost companies that are often speculative in their growth path.
The market is highly efficient and learning. The cost of herds is low enough, the moat is wide enough, so it's very likely to survive to the next wave of highs and reap higher profits after the scale expands. When their profitability increases significantly, the volatility in the middle is diluted. As we judge that next year's average pig prices are higher than this year's prices.
The steps have been verified, and the herds will once again rise to excessive elasticity at full price.  Imports of pork have increased significantly, outbreaks of large-scale uncontrollable disease have erupted, and production capacity has not expanded as expected.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.