q3 performance is largely in line with expectations, with an improvement in the ring and a narrow fall in the same year.
During the evening of 17 October, the company issued a three-quarter performance report, which generated operating income of 2,926 million yuan, representing an increase of 81.11 per cent over the reporting period; a net return of 612 million yuan, representing a decrease of 11.25 per cent over the same period; and a deduction of non-net profit of 6.19 per cent.
The net profit of q3 is a basic compound projection of $610 million, with an improvement in the performance acceleration ring ratio, which was reduced by $7.157 billion in January-September, an increase of 83.51 per cent in the same year; the net profit return of q3 million, an increase of 2.85 per cent in the same year. Of this, 2,926 million won in the third quarter, an increase of 81.11 per cent in the same period; the net repatriation rate was net.
Cash flows are abundant, land resources are abundant, and environmentally sound management of productivity expansion is now moving from bulk farming to large-scale farming, which is taking advantage of the expansion of productive capacity to seize out-of-market spaces and boost market ownership.
The company currently reserves some 100,000 acres of land, and the existing land reserves can support more than 10 million new productive capacity. In addition, the land it has contracted in the northeast can support 6 million new productive capacity. In the first half of the year, the company raised $3 billion in co-financing, and cash flows were abundant.
Medium-term bills and $300-500 million in foreign sea debt. Adequate reserves of capital and land provide a solid basis for the company’s future rapid expansion.
In the last two years, the company has been active in domestic operations, with 28 new subsidiaries established in the first half of 2017, the main business of which is related to the whole industry chain up and down in pig farming, which expands rapidly and sees the future growth and upswing. Companies operate in integrated industrial chains such as feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodity pig breeding, etc.
In addition to standardizing and standardizing the production chain, the introduction of advanced and efficient automation equipment in the breeding chain has resulted in greater efficiency, scale and efficiency, effective reduction in unit production costs and efficiency of production.
The company is a leader in the pig-breeding industry, with sufficient land and capital to expand its capacity rapidly.
The semi-annual evaluation of the Shebahara Corporation: outbreak of disease, price fluctuations for feed materials, and the emergence of pigs are not as good as expected.
Wang Ling, Research Assistant in Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, and Master of Accounting at the Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined in 2017.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,