比亚迪 BYD (002594 CH)
拟回购股份用于员工持股计划，与地平线达成定点合作
Planning to Repurchase Shares for ESOP Plan, and Reaching a Fixed-point Cooperation with Horizon
Barney Yao
Oscar Wang
热点速评 Flash Analysis
(Please see APPENDIX 1 for English summary)
比亚迪拟回购股份用于员工持股计划,彰显公司长期信心。公司公告,拟以 18-18.5 亿元人民币自有资金回购公司 A
股股份,回购价格不超过 300 元/股,对应回购股份数量不低于 6-6.17 百万股,占公司当前总股本的 0.206%-
0.212%; 本次回购股份将全部用于员工持股计划。公司同时发布 2022 年员工持股计划草案,公布的参与对象包括公
司职工代表监事、高级管理人员以及比亚迪集团的中层管理人员、核心骨干员工，总人数不超过 1.2 万人，受让价格
为 0 元/股，参与对象无需出资。该计划持有的标的股票分 12/24/36 个月三期解锁，解锁比例为 30%/30%/40%，每期
具体解锁比例和数量根据公司营收增长考核及个人业绩考核结果确定。我们认为，本次回购不仅有利于公司建立和完
善利益共享机制，将员工个人利益和公司与股东的利益紧密结合，更彰显公司对其长期价值的持续信心，及实现股东
利益最大化的决心。
与地平线达成定点合作,进一步推进车规级芯片国产化。地平线官徽宣布,比亚迪与地平线于 4 月 21 日正式达成定
点合作,公司将在其部分车型上采用地平线自动驾驶芯片征程 5,搭载车型将具备更强的自动驾驶性能及算力,打造
更具竞争力的行泊一体方案。比亚迪将成为首家搭载地平线征程 5 芯片的车企，地平线预计首款搭载该芯片的比亚迪
车型最早将于 2023 年中问世。作为世界新能源龙头车企，比亚迪于 2021 年 3 月完成对汽车智能企业地平线的战略
投资，并达成双方的战略合作，共同推进智能驾驶技术的研发及落地。根据地平线官网介绍，地平线是中国首家推出
车规级 AI 芯片并实现量产的科技企业，其第三代车规级芯片征程 5 单颗 AI 算力最高达 128 TOPS，支持 16 路摄像头
感知计算，支持自动驾驶所需的多传感器融合、预测和规划控制等需求。据 OFweek 电子工程网统计，征程 5 芯片已
斩获上汽、长城、江淮、理想、长安、比亚迪、哪吒、岚图等多家车企的合作意向。我们认为本次深度合作有望进一
步推进车规级芯片国产化进程，比亚迪自动驾驶能力有望迎来突破性提升，而国产百 TOPS 级芯片量产时代也将到
比亚迪半导体推出全新车规级 8 位 MCU,不断丰富 MCU 产品矩阵。2022 年 3 月,比亚迪半导体官宣推出全新车规
级 8 位 MCU BS9000AMXX 系列，并全面开启客户端应用开发项目。据比亚迪官网介绍，BS9000AMXX 系列采用 1T
S8051 内核，单指令时钟周期，主频最高 24MHZ，可被应用于汽车电子的多种场景，例如车内饰灯、氛围灯、门把
手、空调触摸面板、各类传感器应用、BLDC 电机控制等。BS9000AMXX 系列较行业竞品的优势在于运算速率更快，
产品资源更丰富，显著减少汽车软件成本和复杂性，打造智能化及安全性更高的芯片解决方案。我们相信全新系列
MCU 的推出将巩固公司的国内领先地位,有利于公司在车规 MCU 市场向更高目标迈进。
Summary
BYD plans to repurchase shares for the employee stock ownership plan (ESOP), demonstrating the Company's long-term
confidence. The Company announced that it intends to repurchase its A shares with its own funds of Rmb1.8bn-1.85bn. The
repurchase price does not exceed Rmb300/share, and the corresponding number of repurchased shares is not less than 6mn-
6.17mn shares, accounting for 0.206%-0.212% of the Company's current total share capital. All the shares repurchased will be
used for the employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). The Company also released the draft of 2022 ESOP plan. The announced
participants include the Company's employee representative supervisors, senior managers, and BYD Group's middle-level
managers and core backbone employees. The total participants do not exceed 12,000, and the transfer price is Rmb0/share,
which means that participants do not need to make capital contributions. The underlying stocks held by the plan are unlocked in
three phases of 12/24/36 months, with an unlocking ratio of 30%/30%/40%. The specific unlocking ratio and quantity of each
phase are determined according to the Company's revenue growth assessment and personal performance assessment results.
We believe that this repurchase will not only help the Company to establish and improve the benefit-sharing mechanism, and
closely integrate the personal interests of employees with the interests of the Company and shareholders, but also demonstrate
the Company's continued confidence in its long-term value and its determination to maximize shareholders' interests.
Reached a fixed-point cooperation with Horizon to further promote the localization of automotive-grade chips. Horizon
Official Weibo announced that BYD and Horizon have officially reached a fixed-point cooperation on April 21. The Company will
equip some of its upcoming models with Horizon's autonomous-driving chip Journey 5. The equipped models will have stronger
autonomous driving performance and computing power, creating a more competitive integrated solution for driving and
parking. BYD will be the first automaker to use the Horizon Journey 5 chip, and Horizon expects the first BYD model equipped
with this chip to come out as early as mid-2023. As the world's leading NEV company, BYD will complete its strategic investment
in the automotive intelligent enterprise Horizon in March 2021, and reach a strategic cooperation between the two parties to
jointly promote the R&D and implementation of intelligent driving technology. According to Horizon's official website, Horizon is
the first technology company in China to launch automotive-grade AI chips and achieve mass production. Its third-generation
automotive-grade chip, Journey 5, has a single AI computing power of up to 128 TOPS, supports 16-channel camera perception
computing, and supports multi-sensor fusion, prediction and planning control requirements for autonomous driving. According
to OFweek statistics, the Journey 5 chip has won the cooperation intention of many automakers such as SAIC, Great Wall, JAC, Li
Auto, Changan, BYD, Hozon Auto, Voyah and so on. We believe that the in-depth cooperation is expected to further promote the
localization of automotive-grade chips, BYD's autonomous driving capability is expected to usher in a breakthrough
improvement, and the era of mass production of domestic 100 TOPS-grade chips will finally come.
BYD Semiconductor has launched a new automotive-grade 8-bit MCU, constantly enriching the MCU product matrix. In March
2022, BYD Semiconductor officially announced the launch of the new automotive-grade 8-bit MCU BS9000AMXX series, and fully
launched the client application development project. According to BYD's official website, the BS9000AMXX series uses a 1T
S8051 core, a single instruction clock cycle, and a main frequency of up to 24MHZ. It can be used in various scenarios of
automotive electronics, such as automotive interior lights, ambient lights, door handles, air conditioning touch panels, various
sensor applications, BLDC motor control, etc. The advantages of the BS9000AMXX series compared with its competing products
lie in the faster computing speed and richer product resources, which significantly reduces the cost and complexity of
automotive software and creates a more intelligent and safer chip solution. We believe that the launch of the new series of
MCUs will consolidate the Company's leading position in China and help the Company to move towards a higher goal in the
automotive MCU market.
Risks: The implementation risk of the repurchase plan; the Company's performance is less than expected; the progress of
technology R&D is not as expected.
附录 APPENDIX
重要信息披露