Long-term marginal improvement is expected in the short run of the season, mid- and long-range sea control, mid- and long-range sea control (601919), 3-quarter review in 2017.
The sum of US$ 10,000 (US$ 6.31 per share), net of which will be collected to cover the cost of building a ship that is already in a container. The group undertakes to subscribe to 50% of the shares issued in this non-public issuea. The portion of the shares in this non-public releasea may not be transferred for a period of 36 months from the date of issuance, and the portion of the other issuers’ subscriptions may not be transferred for a period of 12 months from the date of issuance.
Short-term transport prices have fallen short of expectations, and the long-cycle recovery is still promising. The company’s three-quarters report is largely in line with the 11 October performance forecast, combined with short-term renminbi appreciation, environmental verification, and a ban on trimester imports, resulting in suboptimal prices.
Eastern sources of wealth and wisdom (1) environmental verification plus RMB appreciation, and export routes failed to raise prices on September 1. Environmental verification and RMB appreciation, September class
The failure of the wheel company to raise prices, the fall of the scfi index by 12% in September, and the fall of the company's European line traffic by 6.2% in the third quarter, has affected us by predicting that the company's liner business is running at an approximate loss in September and October. The ability of small and medium-sized manufacturing industries affected by environmental verification to re-engineer is an important factor in influencing short-term export sources.
On July 18, China issued an official note to the World Trade Organization (wto) declaring that it would not accept imports of obsolete plastics, paper, waste slags, waste textiles, waste mines, etc. and that the ban would enter into force by the end of the year. Waste paper plastics are one of the major components of the import route and are subject to short-term pressure on import prices.
During the three-month period, the rounder fell in August and September. The return cargo volume was about half the export volume, the return freight price was lower than expected in the three-quarters than expected, and the quarter was lower in four quarters, with a projected slight loss of profit or a balance of gain or loss in one quarter. The four-quarter season was lower in season, as a result of Christmas supplies.
As a result of this impact, the average space utilization rate on the European-American line has recently recovered to about 95 per cent, with an 8 per cent increase on 28 October in scf1 and a transport price increase in figure 1: Price index for exported containers, figure 2: Price index for imported containers
Figure 3: Retrenchment projections and recommendations: the company ' s three-quarters reports are largely consistent with performance forecasts, short-term companies are undervalued by the renminbi, environmental verification, etc., are not performing as expected.
The global economy is growing at a slower rate than expected, and the efficiency of shipbuilding is affecting the speed of movement, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern intelligence.
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the Cheng Yug Liang Awards. The top 10 prizes (eighth place) for research in the industry of the 2012 China Securities Industry Awards were presented by Yang Yang.
London City University, Cas Business School, Master of Shipping Trade and Finance, four years of experience in shipping market research, worked in Clarkson in 2012-2016, analysing my own research views. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies