Irities Maritime Ports Middle and Far Sea Control (60199.sh)
Three quarters of a sustained recovery, the involvement of major shareholders in raising confidence, company fundamentals (RMB) Long-term competitiveness ratings: higher than industry averages
(1) In the third quarter of China and the Far East, 24.13 billion yuan was collected, 27 per cent more than in the same year; the net profit of the shareholders in the listed companies was 872 million yuan, which continues to be lost. (2) The company announced the undisclosed share of a million yuan (the company held 46.72 per cent of its shares in the semi-annual report) and the parent company lost 238 million yuan, so the company lost $238 million.
In the third quarter of the Department, container companies are expected to earn about $900 million. In the third quarter, they have benefited from a recovery in global trade, with containerized volumes rising; in the third quarter, freight volumes have risen by 23 per cent and single-box revenues by 9.5 per cent; and in the third quarter, the European line has been affected by environmental inspections, etc., single-box revenue rings.
Only 7.4 per cent more than in the second quarter, 21 per cent more than in the second quarter, and 6.2 per cent lower in freight volume than in the same season; 1. Merger market prices have risen rapidly, with an advantage of a single box of hundreds of millions, with no more than 2,043 million shares distributed, and the company's indirect shareholders are committed by the Far and Far Shipping Group.
Purchase of 50 per cent of the current issue, with the issuance price no less than 90 per cent of the average value of the shares traded by the company during the 20 trading days preceding the base date,a and no less than each of the net assets audited in the most recent issue of the company.
This increase is mainly to cover the costs of shipbuilding for containerized ships, and the involvement of major shareholders has increased corporate confidence. The strategic acquisition of the Eastern Overseas City has further increased, and the medium-term industrial recovery has determined that the company intends to acquire the East.
Overseas, if the acquisition is successfully completed, the size of the container fleet (with orders) under the Mid-Sea flag will exceed 2.9 million standard containers, which will be the third largest in the world, with a further increase in the share of the city. Recent collections of container carriers have been more aggressive in terms of prices, but due to the impending low season, the final shipment will still have to be observed.
The logic behind the recovery of the intensive transport market remains constant as the supply of transport power slows in the medium- and long-term. The pre-developing environment has shrunk, with industrial concentration rising; the medium- and long-term supply and demand gap has narrowed, and the trend towards the dismantling of small and medium-sized ships has accelerated.
Short-term collections are about to enter the light season, and in the medium term upstream shipbuilders can tighten up or support the market. Corporate strategic acquisition abroad, and performance elasticity in the event of a recovery in the industry.
(a) Macroeconomic decline, higher than expected ship delivery, slower shipbreaking, etc.; (8610) 66216815 points, after which the final rating is calculated on average, as an average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.