Weir shares (603501) q1 have high performance innovation and high downstream demand. On 23 April 2021, the company issued a quarterly report in 2021, and the company achieved a revenue of 6.2 billion q1 in 2021, an increase of 63 per cent;
The net return to the mother was $1.04 billion, or 134 per cent; the net gain was $940 million, or 117 per cent; it was in the middle of the performance forecast.
The net non-net gain of 940 million, an increase of 117 per cent, or 43 per cent, is in the performance forecast period as a whole. q1 sells its subsidiary, Tae-hoon. q1 recognizes an investment gain of 190 million, other non-current financial assets lose $100 million in fair value changes, a total gain of 90 million, and removes the impact, resulting in a net profit increase of 109 per cent. q1 Māori rate of 32.4 per cent is equal to the same period last year, with an increase of q4 per cent.
Add 3.8 pct. The downstream landscape is strong and year-round growth is well established. Cellular phones, cars, vr/ar demand is established, cis will continue to grow in the future, with an increase in the ratio of high-level pixels and an increase in income.
The number of cameras for new vehicle configurations is as high as 11-15, pixels have been upgraded to 2-8m, companies have cut into mobileye, Weida and Hua platforms, and vehicle operations are entering fast lanes. 3) vr/ar: the oculus lead vr innovation of the big North American factory, with perfect ecological content, drives vr/ar quickly down to become a new dynamic for downstream growth.
The production capacity is strained throughout the year, the leader has an output advantage, the semiconductor industry is in short supply, the crystal-crystal plant, the containment plant continues to be full, and the output expansion time lag is expected to continue until next year. Public q1 advances have increased by 48%, contractual liabilities have increased by 85%, and downstream demand is high. The company's inventory is 5.6 billion, compared to last year.
With the Matthews effect, the limited capacity will be tilted toward the front line, promising to increase the number of leading companies in the field, and we believe that the company underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating. Epidemic control is not as high as expected, trade friction between Central America and the US is rising, and downstream customers are not delivering as much as expected.
Annual Report: Year-round meeting expectations, crysclops, performance pre-enactment: q1 performance innovation, year-round growth validation study
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.