q1 over-expected performance, multi-product line platform layout Company issued 2021q1 performance forecast: 2021q1 is expected to realize a net benefit to shareholders in listed companies
The net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 386 million yuan – 566 million yuan – and by more than expected q1 performance in the same year. According to the company’s performance report, in 2020, the company achieved a revenue of 19.548 billion yuan, with a revenue of $5,579 million, an increase of 32.02 per cent, and a net return of 978 million yuan to the mother, a gain of 195.47 per cent.
Platform-style layout, three track aids growing. Company based on optical, display, and simulation, long-term growth. In the field of cis, the company is the world's top three chip supplier, and with smartphones, the number of cameras and other technologies such as pixels increases as the quality of filming increases.
In addition to upgrading, there is still room for growth in mobile markets, such as security, medical care, automobiles, etc., which are also important drivers of growth in the public sector. In the area of displays, companies completed the acquisition of synaptics-based tddi operations in Asia in 2020, and are now doing well.
In addition to its long-standing commitment to research on products such as tvs, mosfet, Shortki second-tier tubes, and power management, the company has made good progress in the product areas of rfswitch, tuner, and lna.
Multiple solutions have been widely applied to back-viewing, full-scale viewing systems, camera monitoring systems, adas, electronic rear-view mirrors and dms, etc., with advanced industry within the global market. In addition to carciss, in January 2021, the company released the use of the ai technology.
With the development and penetration of electronic car technology, the company's car industry will be able to offer better opportunities for growth.
Wire shares: continued upgrades in cis, enhanced profitability, Sino-Soldier International Securities, Inc.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations