A significant increase in q1 in 2021, with cis continuing to benefit from multi-track eruptions -- 2021q1 performance forecast event: company issuing performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021
The company expects to realize a net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company in the first quarter of 2021, q1 net return of 900 million yuan to $1.08 billion in comparison with the same period in the previous year; net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company net gain or loss net of non-recurrent income will increase by 386 million yuan to 566 million yuan in comparison with the same period in the previous year.
The growth in corporate performance has resulted from the continued optimization of the market layout, deep-farming main business, and the significant growth in the size and profitability of the company’s sales through the continuous enrichment of product types and clear market positioning.
The company ' s 48m series of products, based on international first-line quality and performance, has a fast share of clients such as hmov at the lowest/highest (in dollar terms) per year: upgrades; 64m products have pre-positioned their cellular upgrades of 48m to 64m.
On February 16, 2021, Howe-Tech rolled out the first full-phase detection coverage image sensor - ov50a image sensor with 1.0 micro-pixel dimensions, 1-1.5-inch optical format, selected to achieve excellent automatic focus features on flagship and high-end smartphones.
Selective conversion gains, 50 million pixel resolution and qpd, together, can provide high-quality static images and 8k video captures at wide and ultra-wide angles. With corporate breakthroughs at the bottom and small pixel, the cis business has the ability to provide clients with a full set of products from low to medium to high, matching the Andre system.
• The company’s initial construction of the “cis+ simulation” ecology, in the form of a network of goods, consumer electronics, apparel equipment, and steam.
In the semiconductor market, high-profile national production replacement opportunities provide opportunities and growth points for companies’ semiconductor operations in the areas of automobiles, security, hand-held medicine, laptops, ar/vr, etc.
The semiconductor has recently introduced wws7804lma, vws7802la, vws7822le three 5g radio frequency switches with low penetration loss and high port isolation features to support high frequency 6ghz.
Applications. In the area of automobile applications, the company released ox03f10 car image transfer in January on ces, a 2021-01-29 sensor, expanding the next generation of asil-c observation camera product series in HoweTech, with a higher profile.
In the field of medical applications, Howell introduced a new scale-up in March 2020-10-28.
Medical crystal-circle camera modules improve the quality of a one-time endoscope image in micro-analysing operations.
Optical innovation has led to long-term development of the 2020-08-21 tunnels and various fields, further opening up new areas of growth.
The New Path to Optics 2020-06-16, Performance 2019.
With this trend, mobile phone cis is expected to increase, in addition to the rapid deployment of vehicles, security, frar, medical care, etc., with high synergies, multi-tracking, cross-cutting activities, and future cis deliveries.