On 6 April 2021, the company issued an advance notice of its performance in the first quarter of 2021, and the company expects a net return on q1 in 21 years.
2101 continues with a single quarter of re-innovation: \triangleright 21q1 rings by 30 to 58%. A single quarter of re-innovation is high, with a year-long high of re-incubation!
Industry demand and supply constraints persist, and the power of production is high: the unit compares with the trend of depth 300, the semiconductor industry is in short supply, the mills and sealing plants continue to be full, and the output expansion time lag is expected to continue into next year.
As a result, limited production capacity will be tilted toward the poles, with higher prices increasing more elasticity in performance. The company’s release of swaps for the control of crystals, round tests, and sealing will help to reduce the risk of a division of labour in the industrial chain and enhance the company’s competitiveness and market position.
The company's share of cell phones is about 16%, the car market is about 20%, and it has a competitive advantage to compete with globalization. With the speed of car penetration, the car car cos is expected to become the second largest market for mobile phones.
Chip platform companies are beginning to develop and continue to bloom in a variety of fields: \triangleright, with cis chips at its core, continuously increasing multi-area layouts in power management, signal interfaces, touch displays, tvs, \tvs, \triangleright, \triangleright
More research and development has been undertaken in the field of mosfet, as well as in the field of radio frequency, with many products at the domestic top-class echelons and yielding output. The company’s leading company in the field of cis, we believe, underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating.
A huge increase in performance, long-term recognition of car cos business 2. [Henry Electronics] Weir shares (603501: rollable debt, increased layout cos and crystal seals.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.