Highlighting performance in 2020, multi-area cis outbreak contributing to sustained growth — Annual Report Performance Appraisal 2020, corporate annual report 2020, corporate gross operating income of $19.824 billion in 2020, a year-on-year increase
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company after deducting non-recurring gains and losses is 2,245 million yuan, which represents an increase of $17,267 million in corporate semiconductor design business income in 2020, up to 87.42 per cent compared to the principal business income and 52.02 per cent over the 2019 corporate semiconductor design business income.
• The company’s cos series of products has become the world’s first class of technology, and new new technologies are emerging. Breaking through, mobile phone cos city coverage is expected to continue to rise in the light of the trend towards greater crowding + high cleanness.
In 2020, 85.11 per cent of the business income from semiconductor product design and development operations.
The share of clients such as hmov has risen rapidly; 64m products have been pre-positioned to an upscaling of 48m to 64m. The share of mobile phone cis technology drivers has increased. On February 16, 2021, HoweTech introduced a first item to achieve the perfect automatic focus function in the flagship and high-end smartphones.
A bit-detection coverage image sensor - ov50a image sensor, with 1.0 micro-pixel dimensions, 1/1.5 inches of optical format, selective conversion gain, 50 million pixel resolution and qpd in one body, can provide high-quality static images and 8k video capture for wide- and hyper-angled masters.
The company ' s breakthroughs on the ground and on the small pixel have enabled it to provide customers with a full range of products from the lower to the middle to the upper end, aligning it with Andre ' s strategy, benefiting from the company ' s full-scale product coverage from a single-model breakthrough, and the company ' s continuous and iterative upgrading of technology and the introduction of innovative products, thereby significantly increasing its share.
In April 2020, the company acquired a single chip-based Asia-based LCD and display-driven integration chip (tddi) operation. The tddi core team inherited the original.
Synaptics’ Asia-based tddi product research and development support team has further developed, with a significant increase in q1 in 2021, where cis continues to benefit more from business operations income of 4.31%. With smartphone ccdddi, the ratio is rising from year to year.
Track Explosion 2021-04-07 High, demand from tddi is growing steadily, taking advantage of group supply chains and distribution channels, company "Performing expectations, cis benefits from multi-track eruptions"
Continued growth: 2021-01-29 tddi ' s market share has risen rapidly. q3 profitability has improved considerably, and high-level cis performance has broken out.
• The company has a natural advantage in car law and R & D, and will benefit from a wave of smart cars in the future. 2020-10-28.
The car market will be the fastest growing cos image sensor, according to frost&sullvan.
In the market, a compound annual growth rate of 29.7% will be achieved by 2023. In June 2020, the company pushed out the world's first car crystal-crystal camera, the ovm9284camerabecipTM module, which is the smallest car camera in the world and provides a one-stop service for drivers to monitor hardware.
High-quality imaging performance in a lightless environment. The company released a ox03f10 car image sensor on its Ces in January this year, expanding the next generation of asil-c observation camera product series of Howie Technologies with a higher 3 million pixel resolution and network security function.
The field share is the second highest in the world, with a market share of about 20% in 2018, just after Anselmi's 36%. As intelligent car penetration rises in the future, the company, relying on the technical strength of car cis products, is expected to achieve the initial construction of a cis+ eco-system, in the form of a network of goods, consumer electronics, wearable equipment, steam.
In 2020, corporate R & D inputs amounted to about 2,099 million yuan, an increase of 23.91 per cent over the same period the previous year. Companies have steadily increased their R & D inputs in various product areas to provide for product upgrading and research and development of new products.
The semiconductor market is high, with national production replacements, and the company's semiconductor business brings opportunities and growth points in such domains as automobiles, security, cellular medicine, laptop computers, ar/vr. In the field of radio frequency devices, the Weir semiconductor has recently been launched.
Hws7804lma, vws7802la, vws7822le three 5g radio frequency switches with low penetration wear and tear, high port isolation features to support high frequency 6ghz applications. In the field of medical applications, Howe introduced a new medical crystal-crystal camera module in March to improve microscopic surgery.
Quality of mirror image. The company pre-positions the industrial chain, strengthens autonomous research and development, expands good industrial chain cooperation relationships, achieves high synergy, multi-tracking and cross-cutting synergies, and opens up new areas of growth further. • Profit forecasting and investment advice
The company, as the leader of the national production, has become the world's first class of technology, with a high rate of cellular + high equivalency, a high rate of cellular cis, a rapid outbreak of automobile cis operations, and rapid deployment in a wide range of areas, including security, frar, medical, etc., leading to high synergy, multi-tracking and inter-relationship.
We're looking at the company's revenue score for 2021-2023.