Midlife Creams: Benefiting 400g light module needs, corresponding to 5g 07/1907, with industry development continuing to grow
Houb@dwzg.com.cn built a robust industry with a strong upstream supply and a diverse supply of downstream product lines: 1) The development of the light module is well developed and is the focus of industrial competition.
The module industry is steadily moving forward. 2) Upstream suppliers are multi-stardly, specialized division of labour, medium- and long-term supply of the luminous module is abundant. 3) In collaboration with downstream clients, the product series is rich, leading high-speed luminous module development, and the 400g light module will be the main driver of performance.
Product markets continue to rise, and 400g light module products have started to be delivered in small quantities. It is expected that 400g high-speed light module requirements will increase significantly by 2021 and become the main driving force behind mid-to-media performance.
▪ We have a 5-g business cycle with a smooth start. The official issuance of our 5-g commercial license plates and the rapid development of mobile Internet, big data, cloud computing, among other things, will further drive the rapid increase in demand for high-speed light modules.
With the acceleration of the 5g network, the middle-class telecommunications market will be significantly upgraded. The company has a strong research and development power and a large client base.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: we keep looking at the company’s light module communications business, and it is expected that the company’s friction may be further upgraded: the 5g market is not expanding as expected: the light module product competition is increasing.
1.1. Intermediary M & As is one of the leading companies in the manufacture of equipment for domestic electric machines.
One of the manufacturers of R & D production is the Boarding Unit of the China Electrical Industry Association's Specialized Electrical Equipment Branch and the Sub-Memorial Power Company, and is a member of the National Technical Committee for Standardization of Specialized Electrical Equipment, which has been focusing on the design, development and development of equipment for the manufacture of electrical appliances through continuous technological innovation, strict quality control and improved technical services.
With the slowdown in the economy, the electricity and equipment manufacturing industry in which intermediary equipment is located is depressed, and the company’s levels of revenue and net profit have fluctuated in recent years, with a lack of growth dynamics, and with these opportunities, the intermediary equipment company has been active in extending the M&As, and the M&As are under a brand-new national manufacturer of light modules, Suzhou.
Since its inception in 2008, Suzhou has emerged in the 3g construction cycle, gaining a place in the telecommunications market by providing China with a mobile supply of 6g/10g sfp+ base station light module. Since 2016, the 100g market light module has been released, and Suzhou has maintained its market leadership and successfully entered the domestic data centre market.
In September 2016, the Intermediary Equipment Disclosure Scheme proposed $2.8 billion to acquire 100% of the Sioux stock, while raising no more than $500 million. In March 2017, the Intermediary Equipment Acquisition Program was certified by the Commission for Merger and Reorganization.
Suzhou Xinjiang has been listed as a middle-student company since 3 July 2017. Suzhou Xinjiang has shown a remarkable improvement in company performance, with a net profit of 236 million yuan in 2016, 589 million yuan in 2017, and a net gain in 2018.
In 2017, Mid-Survey earned 2,357 million yuan, an increase of 1,690.82 per cent, of which Suzhou earned 2,208 million yuan, or 93.68 per cent. In 2018, Mid-Sud earned 5,156 million yuan, and in 2018, Middle-Sud earned 4,997 million yuan, or 96.92 per cent.
Suzhou's revenue-generating activities (in millions of yuan) - Suzhou's revenue-producing ratio (in %) Suzhou's creation is a fully-owned subsidiary of middle- and middle-income companies that will continue to focus on research and development, production and marketing of high-speed light modules in the digital and telecommunications industries, which will become listed companies for the foreseeable future.
1.2. Introduction to the business of the Middle East Queens Foundation, which currently operates in the company ' s main business of 10g/25g/40g/100g/400g high-speed light communication module and its test system, provides customers with photocommunication module products. The main products are as follows:
Table 1: Business in the Middle East. Good business, good industrial development, good performance and stable corporate overall Māori ratio
In 2018, the ratio of revenue to the primary business sector was 96.92% of the light module, 3.08% of the electrical circuitry equipment, which has been affected by macroeconomic growth and industrial restructuring in recent years. The growth rate in the low- and middle-rise household appliances industry has slowed, resulting in low demand and lower corporate profitability in the middle-rise sector.
The outlook for the show is impressive, with the expansion of domestic and foreign demand for 5g, with a wave of 5g, and the continuation of middle- and middle-rise operations with light-based modules, which have been completed by the acquisition of Suzhou, which has led to a rapid growth in business earnings and net return earnings. Between 2016 and 2018, the middle-and-end revenue was $131.62 million, $2357.08 million, respectively.
5156.31 million yuan; net profit returns for mothers are $10.05 million, $16.51 million, and $623.12 million, respectively. The company’s business development is on the rise, its performance continues to grow strongly and its prospects are high. For reasons of growth, the global Idc market continues to grow steadily, driven by cloud computing operations, and demand for light modules continues to grow, with the intermedian light rising.
In 2016, 2017, and 2018, according to the purchase reports and annual reports, Sub-Sushu realized net profits of 236.17 million yuan, 589.22 million yuan and 662.57 million yuan, an average annual growth rate of 91.38 per cent, while Sioux recorded a significant increase in profits generated by its parent company.
Mid-Stock achieved high growth, largely as a result of its leading edge in the 40g/100g high-speed light module, and the strong demand for high-speed light modules in a wide range of fields. The mid-Stock rate has remained stable overall in recent years.
With the company ' s 17-year consolidation of statements, the light module business became its main business and already has technology and markets, the Maori rate remained stable and fine-tuned.
The light module is steadily moving forward, becoming the focus of industrial competition The revolution in communications technology is escalating and upgrading, and the light module industry is moving steadily forward. The light module consists of optical electrons, functional circuits, light interfaces, etc., and is a optical electron device for photovoltaic and light transformation, building light communication.
The sender end of the light module converts a telecom to a light signal, and the receiving end converts a light signal to a telecom. The light module is classified by wrapping form and is commonly used as sfp, sfp+, sff, gigabytes, gbic, etc.
The development, upgrading and extension of high-speed light transmission equipment, long-range light transmission equipment and intelligent light networks are dependent on technological advances in optical electronic devices and the upgrading of products. As new applications, such as cloud computing, object networking, mobile Internet, and tri-net integration, drive the demand for bandwidth, the light communication market is entering a high-speed development period.
The chain consists mainly of two main lines, one consisting of an industrial chain made up of optical devices and the other consisting of fibre-optic cables. Both are downstream systems equipment manufacturers and telecommunications operators, both end-users, and the upstream competitive pattern of the chain is fragmented and the downstream market is concentrated, favouring high speeds in the middle-to-light camp business.
The light module industrial chain is one of the major components of the light communication industry, and in the entire light module industrial chain, the light module is produced by making the photochip and other components into light devices first and then encapsulating the lightware into a photomode block. The photochip technology is the highest, and the core production technology of the high-end photochip is in the hands of foreign chip manufacturers, mainly on the basis of foreign chip manufacturers.
Foreign manufacturers’ share of the market in high-end photochips is about 90%, exposing domestic producers to the risk that core patents will be monopolized abroad. Domesticly available lightware products are concentrated in lower-middle- and lower-end areas, where homogenization is relatively high, and where breakthroughs in technology are urgently needed to break the current situation.
The light module has three main applications in the data centre: 1) server access ports for server and rack exchange interfaces; 2) switch ports, including rack switches, and interconnectivity of various node exchanges within the data centre: 3) interconnectivity ports between the data centres. These three ports cover all flows within and out of the data centre.
The amount of flow in the traditional data centres is based on vertical traffic, i.e., flow between the server and the client (clit/server structure). And the cloud is a cloud.
Data centre traffic is more dominated by horizontal traffic, i.e. between servers. In addition, cloud computing data, the heart server cluster is much larger than the traditional data centre, and the demand for fibre-optic connections within the data centre has increased exponentially, with the attendant increase in the number of light modules.
The PV module, as a non-end product, is mainly based on the production model “for sale” and the company's production is planned on the basis of the customer's order, and strict supplier selection and procurement control procedures are in place for the company's procurement to ensure the quality of the product. At the same time, due to the high technical integration of the PV product as a core part of the downstream product, it is public.
The Division provides technology and product referrals, contracts and delivery, post-sale technical support and services to downstream clients, mainly through direct sales models, with a multi-stardly upstream supplier, with a specialized division of labour promoting long-term supply in light modules.
The light module industrial chain consists mainly of photochips, components and modules, with photochips accounting for 20-30% of the production costs of the light module and 50% of the high-speed long-range scenario. Medium-Smart not only procures upstream parts and components over a longer period of time, but also supplies to Japan and the United States, including avago, Mitsubishi, etc.
In addition to the strategic partnership that fully ensures the supply demand for the components of the upstream light module, there is a star-like dispersion of suppliers, and there is no significant reliance on a small number of suppliers, which significantly reduces the dependence of middle- and middle-rises on individual upstream purchases and ensures a long-term supply of light module products.
In collaboration with downstream clients, the product series is designed to meet a wide range of needs, and middle-class Xinjiang maintains a long-term and stable partnership with downstream customers in the North American cloud computing market, with Google accounting for the top five clients. Google became the largest customer in Suzhou in 2013, and Google capital was the first in China.
In 2017, the four major demand sides of the North American market were Google, Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft, and Midtown had successfully entered the list of three direct-mining suppliers.
Intermediary works with the customer depth of the final data centre, leaving the domestic light module manufacturer with independent responsibility for all the containment and guaranteed output of the module. This model ensures that the company will always lead the market for the latest products during the fast-paced demand for the data centre light module.
National policies to promote synergies with the landscape of the light and communications sector are supported by national industrial policies, with a five-g cycle running smoothly, and future expectations of light communication.
The rapid growth in the demand for light modules has enabled mesocent to become core competitive, to continue to strengthen the telecommunications industry, to grow demand at a high rate, and to carry a five-g cycle of smooth ahead. The global market for light modules rose from 2016 to 2021 at an average rate of 9 per cent.
According to the volume increase, the light module is moving towards ultra-high frequency (UHF), hypervelocity (UHF) and hypercapacity. According to the vum, 400g light is projected to start a rapid upswing between 2019 and a total of 13 million worldwide 100g/200g/400g light by 2020.
The communications industry has seen a boom in demand for light modules. Benefiting from future increases in data centre traffic, it is expected that by 2021 global data centre traffic will increase by 23 per cent annually, and the demand for high-speed light modules will increase significantly and become a major driver of corporate performance.
The high-speed light communication module is a core product in the field of light communication and is one of the foundations for the construction of our modern high-speed information network. It is a high-technology product that is a priority for the country. It is related to the State Council, the Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the Ministry of Science and Technology and others.
The sector has also developed a series of industrial policies, plans and earmarked funds to support the development of the PV sector. The support of the national industrial policy has created a favourable external environment for the development of the Middle East and, with the rapid development of mobile Internet, big data and cloud computing, and the launch of the 5g Business Plan, business and consumer to network data
The demand for treatments has increased in an outbreak and will further drive the rapid rise in demand for high-speed light modules. The middle-rise is expected to seize the strategic opportunities offered by an enabling business environment and, while maintaining the status of an existing industry, to become an international producer of photocommunications with international visibility and leadership.
Technology-based R & D, leading the high-speed light module, 400g light module has been delivered in small quantities, and middle-light is a domestic high-speed light module leader.
100gcfp4/qsfp28, 400gosfp, 400gqsfp-dd, etc., are leading the manufacturing industry. While maintaining a leading position in the current number of products, IM is trying to raise the market share of 100g products.
The ecoc exhibition will produce 400gqsfp-dd module products. Since 400g of the encapsulation route will consist mainly of four types: cfp8, osfp, qsfp-dd and cob, the osfp and qsfp-ddd will be the two most important of the 400g envelopes, and Interstellar has become the market 's most full-scale 400g product series, with 400g light modules expected after the end of 2019.
The full 400gqsfp-dd technology has the full 400gosfp optical communication module product combinations, including 8x50g and 8x50g.
Message module product combination, using 2 architecture scenarios of 8x50g architecture, 4x100g. The product of the series is consistent with iee.
802.3bs and osfpmsa standards, mainly for iee802, 3bs and qsfp-dd for 400g Ethernet, data centres and cloudnets
The msa standard applies mainly to the 400g Ethernet, data centres and cloud networks.
And cost-control capabilities, technology and R & D capabilities are far ahead of colleagues in the light communications industry, while middle-to-light revolutions have succeeded in generating 400g products, client sampling and certification are well advanced, and companies are expected to take the lead in the 400g era, based on 100g technological advantages and mass delivery capabilities.
Research and development teams come from Silicon Valley, with strong R & D skills, middle-class creations with high-quality founders, leading encapsulation techniques, and precise strategic positioning. After years of exploration, middle-class innovation has become a professional, stable, and experienced research and development team.
Of these, Wang Wei-hyuk, the chairman of the company, was awarded a high-level engineer and was awarded a special stipend for life by the State Council. He was a top-notch patent inventor in Shandong Province, a senior expert in China ' s mechanical manufacturing industry, a leader in technological innovation in Shandong Province, an excellent patent inventor in Shandong Province, and a winner of the first prize for innovation in Shandong Province.
President of the company, General Manager of the company, Chairman of the company since May 2017, Chairman of the Shandong Middle Investment Control Company Ltd., and Executive Director of Smoking House Intermediate Investment Company Ltd. The president and director of the company, Liu San, was selected as an innovative entrepreneurship leader in Jiangsu province and 10 leading expatriates in Jiangsu province.
He was awarded the Third Award for Scientific and Technological Progress in Jiangsu Province, the Mayor Award for Scientific and Technological Progress in Suzhou City, and the First Award for the Science and Technology Progress Award in Suzhou City. Head of the Chinese Research and Development Centre for Pinephotonics Corporations in the United States from September 2001 to July 2003, and Senior Manager of the United States Department of Production and Development of Opnextinc. from August 2003 to April 2008, from July 2017 to the present.
As Executive Director and Managing Director of Xujiang Technologies Ltd., Suzhou, as President and Director of the Corporation from August 2017 to the present, ICSU also attaches great importance to R & D inputs and technological innovation, constantly shaping industry leaders through technological innovation and maintaining an absolute competitive advantage in the industry. In 2016, 2017, 2018, ICSID took over R & D investment.
The development of the cloud computing data centre industry is characterized by the growing market concentration of giants, such as the foreign maazon and google, the Chinese bat and China, which are giants in the cloud computing industry.
According to Cisco, the number of mega-data centres worldwide is projected to increase from 338 in 2016 to 628 in 2021 (53%), with a 13% annual growth in composite data centres.
Total traffic will increase from 6819eb in 2016 to 20555eb in 2021, with composite annual growth of 23%, with horizontal traffic consisting of intra-heart traffic and data centre interconnection flows accounting for about 85% of total data centre traffic. In terms of market expansion, middle-aged innovation will not only enter the supply system of domestic producers such as China, Naking, Da Tang, etc.
The demand for high-end global light modules is now largely from the US market, and 100 g light modules are in short supply. In North America and China, the middle-class clients are 90%, and in other countries and regions they are selling about 10%.
As a result, as the market share of several giants continues to expand, the market share of the center-based light module rises and orders increase.
On the 5g market, two major communications operators, China and China, are the second of the five top customers of the Middle East. As the 5g light module is phased out by 2020, the 5g light market will become the mid-world revolution for the next few years.
Large-scale data centre light module requirements require a strong capacity to produce and deliver, as demonstrated by the delivery records of 40g and 100g light modules over the past few years. The core competition for middle-level shock also comes from a large, stable high-end module manufacturing capacity and high-quality product quality management capacity that can be met.
Clients are increasingly demanding orders and delivery times to be the “best deliverers.” Traditional light module production processes include to- or box-envelopes of telecommunications modules, which are more human-dependent, while middle Quantium has been widely applied to cob containment in 10g/25g/40g/100g light module products.
Craft-based processes, such as the acrylic welding process, the gold-line keying process, the precision coupling process, and the efficient assembly test technique, ensure that products that meet the target requirements are produced at lower production costs. Meanwhile, intermediatic encapsulation processes and large-scale mass production requirements in luminescent modules have contributed to a rapid increase in the automation of production lines.
By relying on the engineers of the manufacturer’s production line to develop their own, they can easily create technical barriers and entry barriers, and new entrants do not easily acquire technology quickly. Thus, intermediatic scavenging can lead to large-scale production through automation, not only to further reduce production costs, administrative costs and sales costs, but also to become more competitive at the core of the market.
The high-speed light module market outlook for 3.3.5g is more concentrated than in the 4g era, and there is currently technical capacity to supply the entire 5g network.
There are only four of them, namely, communications between China and China, and between Ericsson and Nokia. According to the current deployment schedule of the four major equipment manufacturers, two Chinese manufacturers are already in the vanguard: the first wave of the construction peak of 5g will open in China, and China’s communications plant owners will have a clear advantage and benefit.
Good China’s 5g industrial chain, upstream and downstream, and telecommunications high-speed light module. The 2.5g light module has a technology threshold higher than the 4g, and the high-speed light module will become the mainstream of the market, while introducing parallel containment, pam4 and related technologies, with higher barriers to competition.
The 100gsr4/cwdm4 and 100glr4 modules used in 3.5g are the main flow model required for cloud computing data centres, although the 5g application requires some modifications. The volume of the 100g light module of the Centre is dominated.
The market for light modules is in a period of rapid growth, with the power of growth at this stage mainly coming from the digital market, and the power of future growth also coming from the telecommunications market. It is expected that sales of 10g light modules will gradually decrease, and 40g+ products will grow in the short term.
High market rates will continue to be maintained, but demand will decline over the long term as demand for 100 g+ products erupts, with 25 g/100g of products yielding production, which will grow rapidly thereafter. At the same time, as large data centres and mobile 2 and intermediate stumps accumulate in 40g/100g of products technology and processes, they will be owned in comparison with other competitors.
The Māori rate is maintained at a higher level because of the advantages of productive capacity, manufacturing costs, and product performance.3 The growth of the original business at the mid-point is maintained at a low and smooth pace, with no significant decline in performance. 5g transmission grids are being upgraded to a high-speed rate of 25g/100g/400g, with a medium-sized product of 25g/100g/400g
High growth in the next few years, and a steady increase in Māori levels as 400 g is gradually commercialized, is 2) the whole light communications market is in a high-speed period, with long-term industrial dividends and strong medium- and long-term growth dynamics.
In the first place, performance growth is certain, and growth is much ahead of industry averages, with scarce white horse attributes. Market demand for high-speed light modules over 1,400g is growing less than expected, resulting in weak growth in corporate revenue.
Implementation is not expected to increase the market for high-speed light modules as much as it is expected.2 There is a potential for further escalation of trade friction between China and the United States, and there is a risk of uncertainty about companies setting up plants abroad and finding replacements. Given Trump’s hostile ideology of trade and globalization, the United States government is likely to continue to work with China and with China.
His major trading partners have adopted a unilateral policy of protection. Three, fiveg markets have not expanded as much as expected. Operators’ 5g fee programmes have accelerated, but end-of-use markets have not expanded as expected, and 5g initial content eco-building has been weak.
The risk of increased competition for light module products. The 100g light module is already a more sophisticated technology, and a number of companies already have the capacity to encapsulate. The adoption of aggressive market marketing strategies by suppliers in order to gain a greater market share would result in a significant drop in the unit price of high-speed light modules, thereby making the sale of high-speed light modules less expensive than expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board