For the first time, IMCO (300308), de-stocking impact elimination, 400g and - IMCR.
After 10 years, Sioux was founded in 2008 and started with a telecommunications light module, and then adjusted its strategy to focus on the central market and capture the big Internet producers in North America to build the megadata centre light module.
The opportunity for demand surges has grown rapidly, with revenue in 2014-2018 amounting to 60.82% and net profit amounting to 77.20%. According to the Lightcounting report, Suzhou was ranked second in the market share of the global light module in 2017, making it a leading business in the field of digital light modules.
Injecting assets into the middle equipment of listed companies, landing on the capital market, and then changing the name of listed companies to middle Xiao became a control platform. Digital markets: 100g to gradually eliminate the impact of inventories, 400g to be a strong leader.
Starting in 2012, the North American mega-data centre, which has been updated by the 40- and 100-g-generation network, has led to a sustained surge in the demand for the luminous modules, which has entered a high-speed development phase. Starting in the second half of 2018, the company's performance has fallen as a result of the stock-taking by major clients and the price decline of 100-g products.
Slips. At this point, customers go to stock closure, 100 g product demand is warming, and prices are slowing down. At the same time, 400g demand is beginning to emerge, traditional competitors are less dominant, companies, regardless of their type of product, good rates, and capacity to produce in quantities, are expected to move to a new level in the 400g era.
The telecommunications market: 5g brings new additions, companies move well into large-scale network build-up when they have been awarded 5g, and the speed of the 5g-era light module and the demand for light modules have increased significantly over the 4g period, leading to a significant increase in the size of the market as a whole.
Starting with the telecommunications market, there's a certain amount of technology in the 5g, which is an early stage. We're working well with China, China and China.
Increased demand for light modules resulting from construction. The company’s number of light module pioneers, whose short-term performance is subject to stock-taking by major customers, is volatile, with reheating, the gradual upscaling of 400g products and the construction-led demand for telecommunications modules.
1. Ten years after the increased competition in 100g, 400g less than expected and 5g more competition in the previous market, the success of 1.1 companies has been growing: from telecommunications to digital connectivity.
Suzhou was founded in 2008 to develop, produce and sell high-speed light communication module products. During the 3g construction cycle, companies began to emerge and occupy a place in the telecommunications market by moving the 6g/10g sfp+ base station module to China.
Slightly, focusing on the market, and seizing the opportunity for North American Internet manufacturers to build mega-data-driven light module demand booms. According to the Lightcounting report, Suzhou was ranked second in the market share of the 2017 global light module, becoming a leading business in the field of luminous modules and continuing to lead the industry.
The company now has a wide range of product types, including various series such as 10gsfp+, 10gxfp, 25gsfp28, 40gqsfp+, 100gcfp4/qsfp28, 400gosfp/qsfp-ddd, both domestically and internationally known ict manufacturers such as Google, Amazon, Huan, Naking etc.
In 2017, with the approval of the CSRC, Sioux was acquired by the middle equipment, entered the land capital market, and then the middle equipment of the listed company was changed to “Medium Cream”.
Szesandong Intermediary Equipment Limited, which receives all of the company’s pre-existing assets, debt and personnel associated with the electrical spin-off manufacturing business, will be fully operated by the fully-owned subsidiary Shandong Intermediary.
The focus of our follow-up analysis is on the light module operations of the subsidiary Suzhou Xinjiang and the ones in which it operates. Figure 3: Medium-to-Sud equity structure 1.2 Financial situation of companies: financial indicators
From 2014 onwards, the North American market for luminous modules continued to explode, rising to 700 million in 2018, and capr = 77.20 per cent. In the first half of 2019, Suzhou achieved an income of 1.999 billion, a decrease of 27.53 per cent, and a net profit of 239 million, a decrease of 33.91 per cent.
The slowdown in profit growth and the decline in income and profit in the first half of the year were due to stocking by major clients, the release of high-speed light modules to ensure a stable level of corporate profitability. Suzhou has been operating high-speed products, with 40g/100g of product revenue rising from year to year in 201.4-2016, and 25g/100g/400g in 2018.
The high rate of income from products has ensured a stable level of profitability for the company as a whole, with gross interest rates remaining between 26 and 30 per cent since 2014, with 9 to 15 per cent of net R&D investment increasing and new products taking the lead in the market. Companies have traditionally focused on technology research and development and promoted high-speed production.
At rates, miniaturization, low power consumption, low-cost development have maintained a leading position within the industry. From 2 firms have been able to invest in R & D to keep up to date with the upgrading of the light module, to move ahead with the latest product by competitors, and to meet customer mass delivery requirements.
Client structures are stable, with a concentration of large clients. Corporate customers are dominated by large Internet manufacturers and communications equipment providers, so downstream customers are relatively concentrated. The sales share of the top five clients in 2014 was 82.57%, with Google alone spreading, reducing dependence on a single large customer, with the top five clients of the company earning 70.94% in 2018.
Figure 9: Customer sales ratio 2014 in Suzhou, Figure 10: Customer sales ratio in 2018 in Suzhou, 1.3 Shares Incentive Targeting Core Staff 5g
The first equity incentive scheme was launched after the asset was injected. For the purpose of targeting the core workforce, 5g, the company issued a notice on 7 June 2019 on the Repurchase of Company Stock Program, which proposed to use 75 million to 150 million yuan of self-financing to buy back shares, all of which were purchased for the employee ' s shareholding or equity incentive scheme.
The implementation of the second draft of the Staff Holdings Plan, with a total participation of no more than 600 participants, has helped enterprises to form a co-symbiotic community of interests with their employees, to enhance corporate cohesion and to better promote the continued development of corporate health, particularly in the North American data centre from 100 g to 400 g.
2. The end of the stock market and the start of the second half of the process to reverse the continued explosion of the 2.1 network flow led to the construction of a large-scale data centre.
The rapid development of the Internet has led to a rapid increase in data traffic. Cisco predicts that the global data centre's ip flow will increase from 6.8 zb in 2016 to 20.6 zb in 2021, with a compound annual growth rate of up to 25%. In this, cloud data centre traffic will account for the vast majority of data centre traffic, driven by a surge in cloud applications.
According to the ball, cloud data centre traffic will account for 95% of total data centre traffic by 2021, compared to 88% in 2016. We believe that with the issuance of 5g license plates, the policy of speeding down fees continues to deepen, with the acceleration of new technologies such as high video, virtual reality, enhanced reality, vehicle connectivity, drones, etc., the data flow will explode further.
The growing demand for data centres and cloud resources has led to the development of mega-data centres. Starting in 2016, the five largest cloud comptoirs in North America, represented by amazon and Google, accelerated the construction of mega-data centres worldwide. Synergy data show that the number of mega-data centres worldwide grew by 11 per cent in 2018.
The number has reached 430 and 132 large data centres are at various stages of planning or construction. By region, the United States continues to be at the top of the list of cloud and Internet data centres, with a 40% share. China, Japan, the United Kingdom, Australia and Germany together account for 30% of the total, with China ' s mega-data.
It was only in 2009 that Alibaba began entering the cloud-calculation domain and joined it several years later. Despite the late start of the cloud count in the country, the rate of growth has increased rapidly.
In recent years, the construction of large data centres has been stepped up, especially Aliba and Tents, and has also been deployed overseas. Given the rapid growth in the calculation of the country’s cloud, which has grown by more than 100% annually.
The construction of mega-data centres has led to capital spending by large Internet companies. Capital spending by large Internet companies, mainly amazon, google, etc., has been maintained on a quarterly basis since 2016q1.
This represents an 81 per cent increase, and nine of the top 20 mega-operators have increased their capital spending by the same number in the first quarter of 2019. Capital spending in the Amazon, Microsoft, Google, Facebook four has reached $18.6 billion, an 18 per cent increase in the same year, and the Ring has grown by 27.7 per cent, a significant rebound.
This increase is most pronounced, with an increase of $2,362 million and $1.9 billion compared to 2019 q1, respectively, while capital expenditure in the Amazon and Facebook has remained largely stable.
Intra-data centre traffic becomes the main data centre traffic. The data centre traffic can be divided into three categories: North-South flow (flow between customers outside the data centre and data centre servers, or access to the Internet by data centre servers), East-West traffic (flow within the data centre), and Cross-data centre traffic (data centre).
The flow between the data centres, such as the disaster between the data centres, the interconnection of dedicated access, etc.). The growing volume of operations has had a huge impact on the data centre flow model, such as searching, parallel computing, and when the system is required to work together, the flow within the server cluster becomes larger, and the data centre network traffic is “North-South”
According to the Cisco Global Cloud Index (2016-2021), published in December 2018, internal traffic in the data centre has gradually become the main flow of data centre operations, which, according to the Centre's internal traffic ratio, will reach 71.5 per cent by 2021, while inter-data centre traffic accounts for 13 per cent of all data centre traffic.
With 6 per cent of data traffic between data centre users, only 14.9 per cent of all traffic, horizontal traffic replaces vertical traffic as the primary data flow for the data centre, leading to an upgrading of the network structure. As data flows within the centre increase, the traditional three-tier network architecture based on vertical transmission is no longer responsive to demand.
Breaking the bottlenecks of the traditional three-tier network structure, the leaf-plating structure (leaf-spine) comes into being. The traditional three-storey system has access layers that provide user access to the network, as well as a confluence and most of the numbers that aggregate the data, based on the core layer of combing.
Performance calculation clustering applications are particularly important. A flater network structure would require more horizontal connectivity, meaning that more light modules would be required to connect between servers and switches, switches and switches.
The market for luminous modules is growing rapidly and continues to rise. The performance of the luminous modules determines the overall performance of the network, increasing the iterativeity of the luminous modules at a faster rate than in the telecommunications market, with a replacement cycle of about three years. Beginning in 2012, large North American cloud computing firms began to deploy 40g, starting up in 2013 and 2014; in 2015
Since, amazon, Google and other North American frontline cloud service providers have started to upgrade from 40g to 100g, starting in the fourth quarter of 2016 on a large scale. In 2018, 400g demand began and is now in the early stages of an upgrade from 100g to 400g. The continuous renewal has triggered a bursting of the light module market, based on the lightcounting.
The latest forecast is that by 2024, the market for light modules will be close to $16 billion, with more than 60% of this share in the future, and domestic publicly owned cloud producers will be growing rapidly, with a potentially large market space. North American cloud computing started early, with US firms occupying four of the top five global cloud computing firms in 2018.
Mason, Ali, Facebook, Google and Microsoft occupy 65% of the market, mainly in Amazon and Google. The domestic cloud computing market is generally three years behind the international network because of its late start, but the potential for development is enormous, and the attention of head Internet service providers to cloud computing data centres is increasing, gradually reducing the importance they attach to the sea.
Ali, for example, began laying a 40g network in 2013 and a large 100g network in 2017. Tetsu is also currently laying a 100g network on a large scale, with only 25 g/100g light modules expected to be procured throughout the year, and 400g light modules are planned.
The year saw the launch of the 40g light module, the 40gsfp+sr4/ir4/lr4 series in July 2012, and the 40gqsfp+er4 at the Shenzhen Expo in 2014. The revenue from the 40g light module in Suzhou in 2012 reached 37%, while the market-wide 40g light module was actually released in 2014, according to the source.
Lighting data, the global market size of 40g was $376 million, and the company achieved nearly $520 million in 40g/100g products in that year (taking into account the very low volume of output from 100g in 2014, of which we believe most contributed to 40g products), with 22.5 per cent of the city ' s share, while 40gqsfp+ single-model sales.
In the second half of 2016, global demand for 100-g light modules began to spread, reaching $1.15 billion in total sales, compared to $460 million in 2015, an increase of 105 per cent.
qsfp28 delivers more than 700,000 goods, half in four quarters. In 2017, North American cloud producers accelerated the switch to 100g, domestic demand rose rapidly, and the market showed a supply deficit.
Market shares achieved rapid growth in performance, with the main push of 100gcwdm4 becoming industry busts. According to lightcounting data, Stifler was ranked second in the global market share of light modules in 2017, accounting for 30-40% of the total 100g area, of which the market share of cwdm4 products was 40% + and was the highest in the industry.
Global major clients began to go to stock, delayed the procurement of 100g products, and the demand for the data centre light module began to grow slowly, while the price of the 100g light module declined significantly, thus slowing demand growth across the market. Lightning data show that the data centre light module market grew by 70 per cent in 2017 and by 2016.
50%, but only 5% growth in 2018. In this context, corporate performance was also affected. 2018q4 and 2019q1 companies earned less than $1 billion in two consecutive quarters, cutting off net profits less than $100 million.
Starting with 2019q2, the demand for 100g products from some of the priority clients began to rise, with the demand for 100g from Amazon, Facebook, warming significantly at 19q2, and the demand for 100g from Google gradually recovering in the second half of the year. From an industry-wide perspective, the 100g market is now in maturity.
Facebook's new network architecture, as well as domestic demand, will drive future 100g light module demand, the life cycle of the 100g light module will continue for several years, and the revenue from 100gb/s light module sales is expected to slow down in vum by 2022. In the history of the light module, 2011 and 2014 are due to 10g and 40g, respectively.
By the same token, the average price of the 100g light module fell by 50% in 2018 and the average price of the entire light module fell by 37%. According to Lightcounting, May 2019, prices are expected to slow down in 2020-2024, and prices for standardized products will drop in 2024.
A little over $1/gbps. As can be seen from the picture given by Lightcounting, the price per gbps in the light module has been falling for the past few years, but the slide down in the past may not be in the future.
With steady progress, corporate performance began to pick up gradually after a short period of low tide, with a marked improvement in income of 2019q2 and net profit rings over the first quarter, with returns to more than $1 billion per quarter, a return to a second quarter of 2.5,400 g, and an increase in capacity for project mobilization.
The data centre network is moving towards the 400g age. According to the three-year upgrade cycle of the data centre network, 400g is required starting in 2017. The 400g light module is now mainly based on two major wrapping models: osfp and qsfp-dd. Each has advantages and is easier to achieve than qsfp-dd, osfp, and more rapidly industrial.
But the size of the osfp is larger than qsfp-dd, with 32 ports available for each one-u panel on the switch, while the qsfp-one port and the qsfp-dd are compatible with qsfp28 and qsfp56. But the smaller sizes are more demanding for the design of the modules, and this is proposed for the inner packaging of the modules, the performance of the modules, the power and the efficiency of the modules.
In March 2017, at the United States fibre-optic communications exhibition, Suzhou launched its first 400gqsfp-ddfr4 light communication module in the open 2018 industry.
At present, in the 400g light module area, the invention consists of two types of multiple product lines, the most complete and excellent in the same industry. At the same time, in terms of volume, it is also a global minority with 400g (whether Osfp or qsfp-dd) approval.
The company's 400g product was acquired in 2018, certified by a North American priority client, and began to supply small amounts of customers in the second half of the year, keeping it in business.
Starting in the second quarter of this year, the company’s 400g output began to rise, with a projected 400g global output of 400,000 in 2019, and companies are expected to pre-empt 100g’s world’s leading market share. From a competitive standpoint, old competitors such as Finisar, aaoi, etc.
The competitive advantage is diminishing, the market share is falling rapidly, and Lumentum, avago, macom, etc. are starting to exit the module market. Therefore, the future 400g competition pattern will be more favourable to companies.
High-intel, high-transmission bandwidth advantages. In the 100g era, the intel first broke through the silicon modem and rolled out the psm4 and cwdm4 silicon light modules (mainly psm4) but still needed to be raised. In the 400g era, the silicon light module would have a more obvious advantage for dr4 at a distance of 500 m, but more than 2 km.
Long-range transmissions are more difficult to make with silicon light, and traditional solutions may continue to maintain the advantage of performance and cost. It is expected that in the 400g era silicon light will remain in place for a considerable period of time and that traditional programmes will continue to occupy a major market share.
In terms of capacity, the company released 34.37.8 million shares on 11 March, raising a net amount of $1,523 million, which will be used for 400 g light module development and construction of the copper masonry module industrial park.
By and large, the capacity of 400-g light modules has led to a significant increase in the capacity of companies. In summary, the impact of stocking by major customers in the current stock market has gradually been eliminated, 100-g product demand has begun to warm, 400-g products have been added up, the overall competitive pattern is favourable, and 400-g-scale commerce will be fully shared in the future.
The company will start a new rapid growth after a period of depression in the digital market. 3.5g opens a new turn of events in the telecommunications market, opening new battlefields outside the digital network, 3.15g commercial areas are growing, and the world is entering the 5g network build-up phase.
5g in mainstream countries and 5g in the global network. In the 5g commercial year of 2019, an increasing number of countries began to realize 5g in commerce. According to data released by gsa in August, 56 operators from 32 countries have entered the 5g commercial phase.
On the domestic front, with the end of the 4g construction cycle, the three major operators began to decline, and the operator’s capital expenditure was gradually reduced and reached its final stage in 2018.
As the new five-g network rises, the operator’s capital expenditure will recover on the basis of the continuous decline of the past three years. According to the capital expenditure plan for 2019, disclosed by the three major operators, the planned expenditure for the year amounted to $302 billion, an increase of 5.23% over the same year of 2018.
Mobile, Chinese connectivity, and Chinese telecommunications will reach 24 billion, 8 billion, and 9 billion, respectively, of which China’s movement has increased its spending by about 7.5 billion dollars compared to the beginning of the year, reflecting a determination to accelerate development of 5 g. The actual number of sites built throughout the year will exceed the planned number.
National telecommunications and Chinese electricity have issued 5g license plates, marking the official start of construction of 5g in China. According to the initial plans of the three major operators, the total number of new 5g base stations will exceed 100,000 in 2019, but the actual number of base stations built is expected to reach 200,000 in accordance with the plans of the provinces and the over-expected issuance of licence plates. We believe that the 5g network will open in the future.
From the point of view of equipment operators, the four major telecommunications operators have been active in working with operators around the world, and have obtained an equal number of 5g commercial contracts. For example, with China, the world’s mainstream countries have started to build 5g networks, with China standing at 5g.
In addition, China News has recently indicated that it has shipped more than 50,000 base stations worldwide, and will complete more than 100,000 base stations in the course of this year with limited co-sharing implications. China Connect has announced that it will work with China Telecom to build one in conjunction with China throughout the country.
We believe that the implementation of the co-build-a-share programme, owing to the constraints of operator cost pressures, will reduce the number of base 5g stations built nationwide in the long term, ease the pressure on the capital expenditure of operators, and accelerate the deployment of the 5g network in the short term and increase its coverage.
3.2 Changes in the network architecture have resulted in a doubling of the market size of the 5g light module The diversity of applications requires an increase in key performance indicators.itu defines three major applications of 5g: embb (higher mobile broadband), mmtc (mass machine-type communications), urllc (super-highly reliable low-time communications).
The diversification of 5g applications requires a significant increase in key indicators, with 5g being more than 10 times higher than 4g for indicators such as user experience, end-to-end delay, peak speed, etc.
Figure 39: Changes in the application landscape have led to a significant increase in the light module rate of 5g critical capabilities compared to 4g. Higher transmission rates require higher speeds of light modules. The 4g-time light module rate is dominated by 6g and 10g, and the 5g-banded needs are introduced into high-speed light vents, with forward transmissions dominated by 25g-light modules; intermediates are used or used
50gpam4 is dominated; 5g echoes or will use the 100g/200g/400g associated light module (high-speed long distance). Figure 40: 5g carrier network map Diversity of base station deployments. Base stations are deployed in two scenarios: d-ran and c-ran.
The generation's forward network is dominated by d-rans, with each bbu connected to one to three base stations. The 5g network model will be distributed as a base station, while the medium-sized c-ran of 10 stations is expected to be the main network site of the 5g frontline network.
China’s telecommunications and China’s pre-connection drive is still dominated by fibre optics, either in areas with insufficient fibre optic resources or through the wdm program. China’s mobile has released its 5g pre-posterous open-wdm/mwdm program, open-wdm as a semi-source system, including, inter alia, the aau colour module, aau
In the 5g era, small-scale c-rans can use fibre-optics to drive directly, introducing wdm technologies for medium-sized c-rans and above. While the program can save large amounts of fibre-optic demand, the demand for light modules has increased and is expected to drive 5g singles.
The number of base stations with 25g light modules has increased by about two to four times as much as expected. New intermediate links have increased the demand for light modules.
By the first half of 2019, the three major operators had a total of 5.58 million stations in 4g base stations (China 2.71 million mobile stations, China 1.35 million connected stations, and China telecom 1.52 million stations), of which the number of mobile base stations was approximately equal to the sum of connectivity and telecommunications.
The implementation of the shared base station programme is expected to reach 5 million stations in the next five years. On the basis of the following basic hypotheses, we have a simple calculation of the market size of the entire 5g-era light module: As the network progresses, the price of the light module will decline.
The price of the block fell by 50 per cent every two years, and we believe that the price of the 5g-era light module will continue the construction cycle of the 5g network from 2019 to 2026, with 4 per cent and 16 per cent of the stations, respectively, and that the mobile forward transmission programme will be dominated by wdm, connectivity and telecommunications prior to transmission.
The ratio of access to the access layer, the confluence layer and the core layer is 8:6:1 respectively, and it is expected that the 5g network will generate 50 billion market space for the light module, which will be effective in driving the landscape of the light module market over the next few years.
3.3 The power of telecommunications has been overlooked, the leading share of the market has been in the telecommunication market, where there is a technological reserve. In 2018, companies generated 90 per cent of their revenues on a full range of products, but they started out in the telecommunication market at the earliest, and the power of telecommunications cannot be ignored.
1.4 km, the 2010 launch of the 6gltesfp+ product and its successful large-scale application to mobile 3g networks in China. The ensuing 4g era saw companies occupying a certain market position through the development of 10g1.4km, 10g10km and 10g 40km light modules.
5g layouts are early and the market share is ahead of the curve. From 2015, Kwok has been exploring the need for light modules at 5g base stations with Chinese and Chinese manufacturers, and has taken the lead in the development of 5g light module products, which now form a full series of 5g base station light module products covering front, center and back. 5g from domestic communications masters were created in 2018.
Product certification and code, with a continuous bulk delivery of the 5g pre-delivery product starting in the second quarter of this year, with a better share. Meanwhile, intermediate and echoing products are being scaled up for sampling, certification, or testing, with the prospect of fully sharing the market dividends of the light module generated by the 5g construction in the future.
4. Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 1, completion of inventory by major clients in the second half of the year, recovery from 100 g product demand, and gradual upward movement of 400g to high-speed product demand, 10g/40g light module operating income, assuming the next three
3. Traditional operations have had a relatively small impact on the company ' s overall revenue base and are now relatively stable, assuming that in the next three years, the company ' s number of light module champions will be collected with fluctuations in their short-term performance affected by the arrival of major customers to stock, and that competition in the pre-distribution market will now intensify.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.