Chemical agents/chemicals/pharmaceutical organisms Quarterly improvements in business performance, good medical performance and corporate performance are expected to be steady, with the year-on-year target positive for the single season in 2021.
In 2021, the company’s pharmaceutical business actively innovated business and service model, achieving sales revenue of $23,115 million a year, an increase of 5.94%.
We've got a deep business, we've got new products, we've got orders, we've got orders, we've got orders, we're going up from upstream, enterprises, downstream terminal customers, we've got two dimensions to raise market shares, innovative business focus agents, power suppliers, and high-end triangular logistics, we've got new profit growth points, we've got cold-chain gold cards, we've got business back in China.
Core competitiveness, full recovery of performance to pre-pre-committal levels, and continued maintenance of the industry status of Zhejiang Province’s top pharmaceutical service provider and the country’s leading industry ranking.
In 2021, the company’s central subsidiary of the pharmaceutical industry, China and the United States, was affected by a reduction in the prices of some of the products in the national drug collection and health-care negotiations, which resulted in an operating income of $10.109 billion, and continued to increase the construction of innovative platforms and the integration of resources, with an average annual investment in pharmaceutical industry research and development over the last three years.
1) Innovative R & D focuses on tumors, endocrines, and the three core areas of personal immunization in the Great Wall Assets Building of China Building No. 1 of the 2nd House.
The company has stored nearly 40 items in the project for the development of innovative and biologically similar medicines, of which five products are in the clinical stage of the hysteria phase, three products are in the clinical stage of the hysteria phase, and gulp-1 receptor agonists have been submitted for listing and are expected to be marketed in the course of the year.
1. Corporate research: The Chinese Medicines (000963) project has a total of 45 projects, including 7 special functional chemicals, 23 pharmaceutical raw materials and high-end intermediates, 12 medical and aesthetic raw materials and 3 biological materials.
In 2021, the company’s Medico-American portfolio achieved business income of $1.002 billion, an increase of 123.28 per cent over the previous year, of which US$ 666 million, an increase of 108.51 per cent over the same period, and US$ 367 million over the same period.
The measures were gradually liberalized and the markets were growing resiliently, with European, Latin American and Asia-Pacific cities performing better than expected and showing high rates of growth, driving the overall income growth trend to a high rate. Pound20.21 million, an increase of 108.51 per cent compared to the previous year, with a growth of 79.24 per cent for the Sinclair itself; among them,
The core product of sinclair, the global market, grew by 99 per cent, and in 2021, the two newly marketed fillers, the maili series and the lanluma, grew rapidly; and the operations of the ringech, laser and radio frequency products of Sinclair ' s fully-owned subsidiary, continued to be maintained.
2) In 2021, the company set up the Xinkiaomei as the operator of the country’s medical and aesthetic business, and in August launched an import of regenerative medical products certified by the National Institute of Medicine as a medical device of the Xiangyuan type.
The multiple advantages of time filling, long-lived maintenance, natural metabolism, etc., which meet the need to upgrade the beauty of the beauty-seeking customer, are highly appreciated by professionals in the industry and by professionals and a wide range of beauty-seeking people, and become medically-owned, hundreds of millions of dollars, profitable in the year of operation, exceeding the year-round business goal.
Remy has achieved $157 million in operating income, demonstrating a greater profitability, which is well above the level of revenue and the contribution to corporate profits of the US-American Medical Agent in East Ningbo, China, during the same period last year. There are now more than 400 Xin Kae Mi co-operative hospitals, and more than 700 certified doctors have been trained)
The company's medical beauty section has 35 items of “micro-plus-free” medical high-end internationalization products, of which 21 have been marketed in and out of China, and is studying 14 items of global innovation, product portfolio coverage, filling, encrypting, skin management, body plastics, stripping, private restoration, etc., as well as non-surgery mainstream doctors.
In the United States, a cluster of integrated products has emerged, with product volumes and coverage at the forefront of the industry. Multi-valued potential products are expected to be marketed within and outside the country after 2022, bringing new growth dynamics to corporate global medical beauty operations.
In 2021, the company developed a strategic plan for industrial microbiological plates based on the key technological systems for the development and production of microbiological products built over 40 years by the deep-rooted micro-organisms industry, as well as the deep-technology deposits and industrial advantages leading the country in this field.
The plate consists mainly of three industrial platforms, owned by the stockholdings, the health of Maggie, the joint venture, and Hua Changgao. In 2021, industrial micro-organism plates together generated $418 million, an increase of 69.2 per cent compared to the previous year, with 23 authorized patents and 59 in the process of patenting.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved business income of $8,933 million, of which 2,791 million was earned in the first quarter of 2022, representing a decline of 9.73 per cent in the same year and a growth of 19.45 per cent in the ring; net profits of $580 million, net of non-recurring losses and losses, were realized, with a significant increase in the ring.
The pharmaceutical business sector is growing steadily, the pharmaceutical industry is expected to perform well, the innovation plate is developing well, it's well-structured and firmly oriented towards industrial micro-organisms, it's running fast, it's running fast, it's running fast, and we keep our “buy-in” rating.
(a) Medical policy risks, research and development of new medicines, market entry less than expected, and product price reduction risks, as defined in the six-month period following the reporting date, by the increase or decline of securities relative to the market benchmark index, as follows:
Watch: Industry goes beyond overall market performance;