Annual Report 2021 and Quarterly Review 2022: Quarters of Industrial Block Ring Improvement, High Growth in Medical and American Business, Research Assistant Winner
In the same caliber as the wave, operating income increased by 3.10 per cent on a year-on-year basis and net profit from non-repatriation fell on a year-on-year basis; in the same caliber as the liquidation holding subsidiary, Ningbo Hua, operating income increased by 3.79 per cent on a year-on-year basis; the industrial plate ring ratio improved significantly; and industrial micro-organisms grew strongly in 2021.
The decline of 7.71% over the same period is estimated to be mainly due to Acapo sugar loss and 100% cap price reduction, which did not fully offset the fall in prices in 2021, and the fall in income after the sharp drop in sodium sorghum. 2022q1, the revenue of China’s central subsidiary, China East, fell 9.73% over the same year.
Mainly due to the high base of 100% of the capsules that did not fall before March; however, the ring income increased by 19% and the non-profit profit increased by 48%, a significant improvement. 2022q1, the industrial microbial plate is gaining momentum, external orders are growing faster, operating income is rising by 99% on a year-on-year basis.
The company ' s Māori sales rate increased to 33.78 per cent and net sales interest rate to 7.99 per cent, respectively, and is expected to continue to rise as the ratio of revenue to medical and aesthetic services, industrial micro-organisms and innovative products rises.
In 2021, the Medical Board reported that "The Girl's Needle" was on the market, and the business as a whole was expected to improve.
A monthly income of $185 million is realized and a profit is realized in the year of official operations. The International Medical and American Industry has a revenue of $666 million, an increase of 108.51 per cent over the previous year.
Still earning 157 million yuan and showing better profitability; overseas medical and American revenues of about 260 million dollars.
According to the Inner Medicine's New Merit Market, the Medical Fair will make a significant incremental contribution to the company's performance since 2022.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering progress in the marketing of the variety of collections and health insurance negotiations, the impact of the epidemic, etc.
Three major financial forecasting tables for medical medicine in China, the East Wu Securities Company, Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.