The industrial plate is expected to rebound this year, the industrial plate is down for a short time, the microbiology plate is generating new momentum.
The impact is that the company’s pharmaceutical industry’s operating income in 2021 amounted to $10,109 million, a decline of 8.43 per cent in the same year. 99 per cent of the growth is now in the same year, with industrial micro-organisms opening a new blue sea, distribution of adc drugs, and focus on nucleotide, among other things, now the world’s leading manufacturers of mrna modifier nucleotide.
The company focuses on tumors, endocrines, and innovative products in the field of immunization, and builds a science-opened research and development ecosystem with the heart of China and the East.
One quarter of a quarter of $410 million (+46.49%) has been invested in research and development, and there are currently 70 projects in existence, which are currently in the pipeline for the development of about 40 new medicines and biological analogues, which effectively guarantee the clinical advancement and orderly listing of products.
In August 2021, Eyan, a core product, officially landed on the Chinese market and now has over 100 co-operative hospitals.
There are more than 700 certified doctors. The company’s medical graphics continue to expand, improving the layout of the ebd field, setting up high-end medical art materials, and actively developing the internationalization of the business.
Using the market price charged on 5 May 2022 as the standard, Chinese Medicines (000963.sz): the mid-point rating of 20140815 was below expectations for product development; exchange rate fluctuations; sales were lower than expected; health insurance price reduction risks, etc.
Chinese Medicines (000963.sz): The acquisition of Central America’s Eastern shareholdings, the legacy of which is likely to be solved. 20140623 Chinese Medicines (000963.sz): Industry is growing rapidly, and business is growing rapidly.
S.A.I.S.I.S.A. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
Medical biology: Chemical pharmaceuticals: 100 million yuan, an increase of 261 per cent in the same year, net profit on deductions from repatriation to mothers was 2,189 million yuan, a decrease of 9.91 per cent in the same year. After excluding the sons that had already entered liquidation, the business income of the company, Ningbo Hua, grew by 3.10 per cent in the same year in 2021, and net profit on deductions from repatriation to mothers decreased by 7.64 per cent in the same year.
As planned, with the impact of the new crown and the epidemic being overcome, the business as a whole continues to improve, with operating income of $8,933 million, an increase of 0.4 per cent, net profit from deductions and repatriation of $699 million, an increase of 0.39 per cent. For example, the first quarter of 2022, when the controlling subsidiary, Ningbo Hua, was removed from the previous year, recorded an increase of 3.79 per cent on the same calibre as the first quarter of 2022, attributable to the listed shareholders.
The net profit net, net of non-recurring gains and losses, increased by 1.74 per cent over the same period. Annual operating income amounted to $10.109 billion, a decline of 8.43 per cent over the same year, although to some extent it has declined, Eastern Roe in Central America has remained at 28.63 per cent, expanding the new blue sea for industrial micro-organisms and gathering new growth points.
In 2021, the company ' s industrial microbiology plates together generated revenues of 418 million yuan, an increase of 69.2 per cent over the same period. In the first quarter of 2022, the industrial microbiology plates achieved an increase of 99 per cent over the same period.
Business. In November 2021, the United East and East China Biology and Lake North Ange Biological Group Ltd. established the Lake North American Health Technology Ltd., the company ' s first industrial platform for industrial bio-incorporated organisms, in addition to medicine, the development, production and sale of large-scale health products for the industrialization of anti-pathological and other drugs.
During the reporting period, companies continued to apply the model of integration (license-in) of autonomous R & D + collaborative commissioning + product authorization. In the area of inter-state communication, companies, in collaboration with the United States of America, introduced dual-specific antibodies, prov-3279 for disease-related purposes; and Japan, in cooperation with the United States of America.
This scohia collaborates in the introduction of i-phase drugs glp-1r and gipr bi-agonists sco-094 for type 2 diabetes, expanding the line of diabetics; in cooperation with the Japanese company Wuda, the introduction of Nihina for the diabetic market continues to consolidate the status of diabetic drugs; and in the development, production and commercialization of the United States exclusive interest in Ashvattha in Korea for the first time in the development of the product License-out.
In the adc area, companies have been investing, incubating and participating in a number of adc-related technology companies, which have developed and actively promoted registered clinical research into an adc-based innovation product unique to Chinese medicine.
As of the release of the report, there were 70 ongoing research projects on medicine, of which nearly 40 were projects on innovative medicines and biologically similar drugs, 5 products were in the clinical stage of the iii phase and 3 products were in the clinical stage of the ii phase.