Strategic extension, integration, open cooperation, leading the n-type, 19 June 2022, research assistant, Goo Ya-man
▪ Events: The company plans to invest in the construction of new energy estates in the Xining economic and technological development area, including 300,000 tons per year Industrial silicon, 150,000 tons per year of high pure polysilicon, 35gw per year of silicon, 10gw slices per year, 50,000 tons of industrial silicon, 20gw silicon, 5gw slices, 5gw batteries, assemblies and 7.5gw
The production lines for component materials and their supporting infrastructure are planned to be completed by the end of 2023; the second phase of the construction of the production lines for industrial silicon, 100,000 tons of high-purity polysilicon, 15gw single crystal silicon, 5gw slices, 5gw batteries, 5gw components and 7.5gw components and their supporting infrastructure is planned to be completed by 2023-2025.
▪ Accelerating integrated expansion, pooling of resources, reducing supply, risk avoidance: 1) pooling of resources: industrial parks located in Qing Haisining, with low-price advantages and high-quality graphite and sand resources, ensuring low-cost production and readiness of current land and energy consumption targets and associated talent; 2) scaling up of production from industrial silicon to components, with a focus on industry
Silicon, silicon and pin production capacity to fill the pre-front upstream energy shorts, and by the end of the 2023 phase of the project, we expect the industrial silicon/silicon/stick self-supply ratio to rise to 41/22/36 per cent, respectively, and to increase supply capacity, which can effectively smooth the industrial chain and reduce it significantly; 3) risk avoidance: the integration yield traceability path is clearer and there is an increase in supply.
By the end of 2025, we expect the industrial energy industry to be 30.15 million tons of silicon/silicon, with a model of open-chain cooperation designed to lead the development of the n-type technology: we calculate that the Sinning project will require a total investment of 260 - 260 - and that the company will be primarily self-financed, taking into account bank loans, capital market financing and the introduction of cooperation.
This project, which locates the production of N-210/r products, is designed to lead to technological advances in the N-type, and the current company ' s 500mw Topcon experiment is well under way. It is planned to launch 8gwtopcon at the end of 2022q3 and to deliver 2gw in 2022, leading to a profit-making structural upgrading and a forward-looking layout of the company to facilitate the technological transformation of the N-type.
• The rapid growth of component shipments and the continued development of distributed systems! In the second quarter of 2022, domestic distribution and overseas, the combined cost of component price hikes, combined with a decline in the renminbi exchange rate, yielded gains. We expect 202,022 watts of net profit.
The ring ratio is even. In the second half of 2022, the company's profits were further enhanced with the release of silicon production capacity; the fair export and the 2022 seasons were evaluated: the components returned to normal, the profit structure gradually improved, and we expect the components to produce 40gw+ throughout the year.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: based on higher demand than we expected, higher distribution of households, up to the previous period.
Events: the company plans to invest in the construction of a new energy industry park, with 300,000 tons of industrial silicon per year, 150,000 tons of high-purity polysilica per year, 35gw silicon per year, 10gw per year.
Slicing, annual production of 10gw batteries, annual production of 10gw components and 15gw components production lines, including the construction of 100,000 tons of industrial silicon, 50,000 tons of silicon, 20gw single crystal silicon, 5gw slices, 5gw batteries, assemblies and 7.5gw components, and their supporting infrastructure, scheduled to be completed by the end of 2023; and the construction of 200,000 tons of annual production materials.
The production lines of industrial silicon, 100,000 tons of high-purity polycrystal silicon, 15gw single crystal silicon, 5gw slices, 5gw batteries produced annually, 5gw components and 7.5gw components and their supporting infrastructure are scheduled to be completed in 2023-2025, all of which are Type N technical routes;
Silicon cell assemblies are 210/210 r, accelerated integrated expansion, pooling of resources, drop-back supplies, risk avoidance. 1) Pooling of resources: Tianchin Seining Industrial Park, located in Qinghai Seining, with low-cost power and high-quality quartz and sand resources, guaranteed low-cost production, current soil.
Local and energy consumption indicators and associated talent are ready; 2) Subsistence coverage: expansion from industrial silicon to assembly, with emphasis on layout Industrial silicon, silicon and pin production capacity, to fill up the pre-front upstream energy short-forms, we expect to increase the industrial silicon/silicon/stick self-supply ratio to 41/22/36 per cent by the end of 2023.
Effectively smoothing industrial chain fluctuations and substantially reducing them; 3) risk avoidance: integrated production traceability pathways are clearer, effectively responding to wro overseas. By the end of 2025, we expect the corporate energy industry to be 30.15 million tons of silicon/silicon, pull rods/slices/cells, model of open-chain cooperation aimed at leading the n-type technological development.
Twenty-seven billion yuan (about $10 billion in one phase and about $16 billion in two instalments), mainly in the upstream resource chain or in cooperation with other manufacturers, the Department will consider modalities such as bank loans, capital market financing and the introduction of cooperation. This project is targeting the production of n 210/210r products to lead the technological progress of n, which is currently tested in the company ' s 500mw totcon.
With a smooth push, 8gwtopcon is planned for production at the end of 2022q3, with 2gw delivered in 2022, leading to a profit-making structural uplift, with the company’s forward-looking layout upstream to facilitate a technological transformation of the N-type. Component output growth is high, distributed system development continues to advance!
At the same time, the component price increases were successful, the transmission costs were higher, and we expect that 2022q2 single volts of rials would be substantially flat, taking into account some of the gains from the decline in the renminbi’s exchange rate. In the second half of 2022 the year, with silicon producing capacity released, the price of silicon silicon silicon silicon would be reduced, and corporate profits would be further raised; and the US would exempt South-East Asia from two years’ duty on counter-circumvention investigations.
The company is back to normal and the profit structure is gradually improving, and we expect the component to deliver 40gw+ throughout the year. The company shares the profit increase. The components, the distribution, and the two major operations are showing a positive profit, tracking the stubs contribute a two-fold annual gain! Profit forecasting and investment rating: higher demand than we expected, higher household distribution, and maintenance of the previous profit.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board