The output of the component is growing rapidly, and the profit is guaranteed by the advantage of the channel on 30/04/04/ 2022, with an increase of 51.20 per cent; a net return of $1,804 million, with an increase of 46.77 per cent; and a net gain of $1,548 million.
Dun Yongkang 1 has seen a rapid increase in the volume of component shipments, and the city’s share has continued to rise. In 2021, the volume of output from the company’s component was about 24.80gw, 210mm large-sized products were about 16gw, and the volume of output from the large component was around the world.
First, the external sale of photovoltaic components is about 21.08gw, which is about 33% higher. The price of the silicon silicon is higher throughout the year. The output of the company distributed system exceeds 2gw by 4.564 billion yuan a year, or 14.31%; the Māori rate is 17.13%, or 2.55%. The company ' s target is 22 years for annual components.
The delivery volume is 43gw.2 The distribution channel end premium plus supply chain management capacity is high for profit year-round. While upstream silicon prices remain high, companies are expected to q1 single-watts based on distribution channel end premium and supply chain management capacity
The net profit is relatively high; in addition, because of the high spot ratio of components, the company is able to deliver costs in a timely manner, and its profitability is expected to remain high.3 The company’s market position is consolidated by the convergence of future operations.
1.8gw, a fast-growing distributed system product business, which doubled its output for three years in a row; company storage capacity, which is in a pre-exploitation period, leading to a loss in pre-costs; and expected subsequent business renewal plus the Division ' s own channel advantage, which is expected to quickly reverse profits and open up the company ' s future imagination.
In addition, the company holds 35% of the share in the first phase two (expected q1) and will make profits in the course of the year. The high price of silicon in 22 years will support the company’s performance.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.