China National Navigation (601111) Transport core net profit of $8.4 billion, slightly higher than expected, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company issued its annual report for 2018, which achieved business income of $13,67.7 billion (+12.7 per cent) and a net profit of $7,344 million (+1.3 per cent) for the mother. Of this total, $3,389 million (+14.6 per cent) was collected in the fourth quarter, about $8.4 billion was withheld from non-core net profits, q4 outperformed expectations. The renminbi depreciated by 4.8 per cent against the dollar in the year.
Companies recorded losses of 2.38 billion yuan on exchange throughout the year, companies withheld non-net profits of about $8.4 billion in 2018 (a 36-38.5 billion increase in fuel cost, $76.7 billion (+6.6 per cent) on oil, 0.28 (-3.4 per cent) on unit ask and 10.2 per cent (a decrease in year-on-year) on the combined cost of three fees excluding exchange.
A high-quality airliner with high-quality fleet routes in the context of constant control and relaxation. According to the 19th summer autumn season schedule issued by the Civil Aviation Authority, the weekly inbound line flights grew by 8.9%, compared to the 18th summer and 18th winter spring, and point capacity supply remained the main contradiction in the middle of the civil aviation industry.
The year-round performance is expected to increase positively in the context of a gradual recovery in demand. Profit predictions and ratings: in the long run, we have increased per capita capacity in the context of an escalation in consumption, the benefits of aviation industry standards for industry costs, and the passive supply of the Boeing 737max to industry.
Quality is the first in a domestic company to note that capital spending and mobility are more disciplined, that valuations are expected to be slightly higher than the overall plate, and that the first overlay is given an “additional” rating.
In October 2002, China International Airlines joined the air transport resources of the former Chinese Southwest Air Corporation and China Air General Corporation to form a new Chinese international airline.
As China’s only airliner with a flag flying, it carries the security of government jets, passenger charters, emergency flights, visits from foreign leaders, etc.
Phoenix is well-known and full of wings. China Air Group Limited, the main national airline shareholder, is a fully-owned subsidiary of China Air (China Air Group), with 51.7% control over the national airline. Another major shareholder of the company, the National Thai Aviation Unit Limited, holds 18.13% interest in the national airline, the first airline to provide civil aviation services in Hong Kong in 2011.
On December 28, 2018, the State Aviation transferred 51% of the shares of the State Shipping to its wholly-owned subsidiaries and completed the extraction of the State Shipping Line, after many years of mergers and acquisitions and capital operations.
In addition, the national airline is the largest shareholder of Shandong Airlines Ltd..2 The core resources are prominent in the 2.1-Quadrian layout, which captures the world's best-quality shipping resources.
Hold the “First China Gate” and become the market leader of the Beijing hub. The main base of the national airline is the Beijing Capital International Airport, which is located at the “First China Gate” and focuses on building the Beijing supercentre, the Chengdu International Hub, Shanghai and Shenzhen International Portals, and forming a four-corned diamond network structure at the nodes of Beijing, Chengdu, Shanghai and Shenzhen.
The main operating base strategy was to optimize the structure of the Beijing hub in 2018 and to increase the volume of aircraft from the priority routes from Beijing, while opening four new international routes, two domestic routes, encryption of the frequency of the four routes, increasing the size of the Beijing hub, and steadily increasing the value of commercial hubs.
By the end of 2018, the group had added 589 domestic routes, with up to 78.1% of domestic routes, and also had a leading role in national flights to the main European and North American routes. There are now 42 navigable countries (areas) and 184 navigating cities, of which 66 are international.
Three out of 115 in the country. This year, the network of balanced and complementary routes can cover 1,317 destinations in 193 countries. 2.2 Fleet expansion is stable.
The three largest air fleets have expanded steadily. Since 2013, Air China has begun to speed up the re-engineering of the fleet. In five years, 247 new aircraft have been introduced, representing 36.11 per cent of the total number of existing aircraft; 80 old aircraft have been withdrawn, accounting for 11.7 per cent of the total number of existing aircraft, and 50 aircraft have been introduced by Air China in 2018.
The announced aircraft introduction program, which plans to introduce 72, 57, and 6 aircraft in 2019, 2020, and 2021, will withdraw 17, 11, and 1 respectively. Compared to the aggressive introduction program and the more conservative transport-enhancing strategy of South and East China, the country’s shipping growth is most robust.
2.3 The cost advantages are significant: the cost of oil withheld by the company is 76.7 billion yuan (+6.6 per cent), the cost of oil withheld by unit ask is 0.28 yuan (-3.4 per cent) and the total cost of three fees, excluding currency exchange, is 10.2 per cent (a decrease of 0.9 pp over the same period).
Figure 7: Fuel costs and cost of withholding oil Assumption 1: US$ 6.60 against RMB in 2019, US$ 68 for the oil pipeline and US$ 68 for domestic aviation fuel prices Assumption 3: The operation of Thai aviation in the participating subsidiary country has remained stable and the overall return on investment has remained stable at about US$ 600-80 million.
In the long term, we remain optimistic about the increase in the per capita fleet and the overall penetration rate of the aviation industry in the context of consumption escalation. In the medium term, the supply of production capacity at the core is still the main contradiction in the middle of the civil aviation industry, in the context of the overall regulatory policy of 2017.
After the previous recovery, the industry as a whole maintained a weak balance between supply and demand. 13.3x, 12.9x, and 11.6x. The quality of the country’s shipping routes is the highest among domestic companies.
The benefits of the industry’s cost end, as well as the passive contraction effect of the Boeing 737max flight on the industry’s supply, and the volatility of air fares and aviation demand. Since mid-2018, China’s macroeconomics have been in the bottom line, and the demand for air travel is highly correlated with macroeconomics, leading to the risk that air fare prices will fall in the same way.
The risk of a significant depreciation of the renminbi is that the Division holds large foreign-currency liabilities, and the new accounting standards of 2019 put the operating lease on the table increases its foreign-currency liability position, and the significant devaluation of the renminbi will result in large exchange losses and an increase in the cost of foreign-currency denominated prices. Oil prices are at a significant risk of rising.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.