Three heavy jobs (600031) for the first three quarters of 2018. 24 October 2018. q3 performed even better in the first three quarters of 2018.
The company’s performance has increased significantly over the same period, its performance has continued to improve, the quality and efficiency of the company’s operations have improved significantly, the balance sheet has been gradually repaired, and the profitability of the company has improved significantly. Corporate sales of excavators have continued to outpace expectations, and crane products have grown with high relays.
During the last three quarters, the number of excavators sold a total of 32832, with a monthly increase in the number of excavators. Of these, 3,529 excavators were sold in September, representing an increase of 46.9 per cent.
Percentage point. A total of 5178 vehicles were sold in January-September 18, 9 of which major figures were 625 in October 23, 2018, representing an increase of 93.50 per cent in the same year, an average industry increase of 53.1 per cent.
The excavator market has been high since the recovery in the fourth quarter of 16 years, with the crane as a post-cycle product in the construction project for two years, the industry has been warming back in 17 years, the atmosphere is continuing to rise, and the crane is expected to be the engine in the future.
In addition, products such as concrete pumps, plant machinery, etc. The same recovery is taking place. The three-pronged advantage highlights the benefits to be gained in the process of industrial recovery.
The excavator market, which is “high seasons and light seasons”, is approaching a new season in the fourth quarter. 13,408 were sold in the month, a 27.7 per cent increase in the same year. 18 years of single-month sales were higher than the average of single-month sales in the same period of the previous decade, and since May, they were all sold on a single-month basis.
The largest single-month sales in the previous decade, particularly during the rest of the 7th and August seasons, showed high growth in 18 years. Excavator sales in September began to rise, four-quarter capital investments were expected to increase based on the excavator market, and product renewal needs continued.
We expect the industry to stay high for the fourth quarter, with an estimated total of 198,000 excavators sold throughout the year for 18 years. The investment proposal is that the company is the leading company in the engineering and machinery industry in the country, with 18 years of stock-taking.
With a strong recovery in the industry, the advantage of leading firms has been highlighted. The company’s performance in the first three quarters has been over-expected, and we have revised the company’s profit forecast upwards, with the company’s rating system’s “market index” reference for 18/19 projected to be 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.