Three-quarterly performances were significantly higher than expected, corporate profitability was consistently higher, and corporate profitability was consistently higher: 1,298 million to 1,659 million net profits were achieved in the three-quarter quarter, an increase of 101.87 per cent to 158.01 per cent over the same period.
The main reasons for the continued increase in profitability are the continued growth in equipment such as mining machines, concrete machinery, cranes, etc. of the company’s main product, the increased quality and efficiency of the public sector’s operations, the increased profitability of the product, and the continuous fall in the cost during the period, as a result of the demand for the start-up of downstream projects.
The engineering and machinery industry maintained a high profile, with high growth in product lines: according to industry associations, the excavator industry sold 156.2 million in January-September, an increase of 56.21 per cent in the same year, the car crane industry sold 24.7 million, an increase of 68.69 per cent in the same year, and the engineering and machinery industry.
Total equity/flow (million shares) sales continued to grow at a high rate. The company’s sales of excavators reached 35.6 million in January-September, a year-on-year increase in total market value/flow (millions)
59.47 per cent of the vehicles sold, with a 77.21 per cent increase over the previous year, outpaced the industry, with a steady increase in the city’s share. With respect to concrete machinery, major product pumps are expected to be on the ground by the end of this year, with capital projects rising or rising steadily: late July
Since regular meetings and meetings of the Political Bureau to fill the short base, the approval of infrastructure projects has been accelerated everywhere.
According to the latest grass-roots research, there has been a significant increase in the order of the architectural firm in the last two months, showing that the semi-annual performance of three heavy jobs (600031) and the capital projects are in the planning stage and are expected to be phased in.
In the context of pressure, infrastructure will be an important means of steady growth, and we believe that the subsequent capital growth rate -- 2018/07/30 -- will remain high and that companies will benefit fully as industry leaders.
Global -- 2018/07/16 Three-quarterly reports significantly exceeded expectations, and corporate profitability continued to improve, with industry research and expertise in industrial chain research, particularly in industrial automation-related issues.
Before entering the financial sector, there were eight years of business experience, in areas such as engineering machinery and automobiles, in production techniques, markets, and strategies. The Pacific Securities Union, in June 2017, was well placed to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals.
The Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, which was established in July 2017, was well placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up by joining Pacific securities in July 2017. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in September 2017, was well placed to seize investment opportunities from industrial trends.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report