Events: 3 quarterly reports issued by companies with revenue of $41,077 million in the first three quarters, compared to 3 quarterly reports with expected performance and continuous improvement in corporate profitability: 2018q3 single quarter
Income of 12,954 million was increased by 44.71 per cent over the same period, net profits of 1,495 million were increased by 132.63 per cent over the same year, net profits of 1,749 million were deducted, representing an increase of 220.57 per cent over the same period, and performance was over-expected, mainly because of the demand for downstream projects, which were driven by the company ' s main products, the excavation machinery, concrete machinery, rise
Equipment, such as heavy machinery, continued to grow, adding to the company ' s business quality and efficiency improvements, increased profitability of products, and continued falling costs over time. The engineering and machinery industry maintained a high profile, with high growth in product lines: according to industry associations
In January-September, the excavator industry sold 1,562,000 units, an increase of 56.21 per cent over the same period, the car crane industry sold 247,000 units, an increase of 68.69 per cent over the same period, and the engineering and machinery industry ' s total equity/flow (million shares)
Sales continued to grow at a high level. In January-September, the company sold 35.6 million excavators, increasing by the same year, 59.47 per cent of the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and 5178 car cranes, an increase of 77.21 per cent over industry.
With respect to concrete machinery, the main product pumper is expected to be on the ground by the end of the year, with capital growth or a steady recovery: the country is over-expected and corporate profitability continues to rise in late July.
Since regular meetings and meetings of the Political Bureau to fill the short base, the approval of capital projects has been accelerated everywhere. - 2018/10/23 According to the latest grass-roots research, there has been a significant increase in the design orders of the construction company over the past two months, showing that
Three heavy jobs (600031). Quality of operation is in the planning stage for the capital project, which is expected to be phased out. At the best level of macroeconomic sustainability, continuing to benefit engineering machinery.
In the context of pressure, infrastructure will be an important tool for steady growth, and we believe that the industry will continue to enjoy a high profile in the engineering and machinery industry, and that companies will benefit fully as industry leaders.
Three-quarterly reports are over-expected, and companies continue to improve their profitability. Industry research is good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation-related sectors.
In June 2017, Pacific securities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.