Performance forecast for the first three quarters is over-expected.
The company issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2018, with net profit of $4.687 billion in the first three quarters and a forecast for the first three quarters of 2018. The company over-expected performance in the first three quarters, and the elastic performance of the engineering machine continued to be released. In a single quarter, 2018q3 achieved net profit of $1,298 million.
On the one hand, the engineering and machinery industry continues to have a sustained climate, and the triad main product excavators, concrete machines, cranes and cranes continue to maintain a high rate of increase in sales and further increase in market share; on the other hand: Māori elasticity resulting from increased efficiency in the company ' s operations and reduced cost during the period.
After the country’s regular meetings, policies have been geared to aggressive fiscal policies and increased investment in infrastructure. Railway investment has returned to $800 billion, and rail transfer planning has been planned.
In the second half of the year, capital investment is accelerating. Capital investment will return to the bottom and macroeconomic policy margins will hopefully ease the market’s concerns about future engineering and machinery needs and upgrade the valuation of engineering and machinery. In the short term, macro-level investment will be on the rise.
Economic policy shifts to higher corporate valuations, and competitiveness in the long run is the most powerful driver of the company’s future development.
Three hundred and eighty-four exports accounted for an increase of 105.2% over the same period, and exports continued to grow at a high rate, compared to domestic sales, with investment proposals. Based on three-quarters performance forecasts, company profitability forecasts were adjusted. The company is expected to enjoy a premium on the future growth space and performance elasticity compared to Caterpillar.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.