The three-quarterly report exceeded expectations, with a significant improvement in cash flow of $4.88 billion, or +170.90 per cent, and net profit after deduction of $5.23 billion, or +238.50 per cent, as at 30 October 2018.
The main reasons for the q1-q3 profit increase (+239%) well above the income increase (+46%) are: 1 - scale effects: fixed costs are limited and the impact of increased production on profit elasticity is very high. 2,
The head of the city has increased: growth has been maintained on a high base, with the first largest city, Trinity. The cumulative sales of 156,000 excavators in the month of 1-9 have reached an all-time high of 53 per cent. The cumulative sales of 36,000 in the month of 31/11-September, or 59 per cent of the year, have increased at a far higher rate than the industry, with the cumulative market accounting for 23 per cent of the total.
A further analysis of the revenue of the q3 quarter is $13 billion, or +45%, and the ring +19%, which is the highest income level in history in the three quarters. We believe that future capital investments are expected to rebound, add factors such as environmental tightening, export booms, or will stretch the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry, and we will study it from the grass roots.
▪ Significant increase in profitability and control over costs during the period, with significant scale effects: 3-quarter combined Māori rate of 31.16 per cent, compared to 1.03 pct (of which q3 single-season Māori rate continued to increase at the same rate, mainly due to a strong growth in corporate incomes.
Model effects and product upgrading. We judge that, as corporate incomes continue to grow but firm, fixed costs do not increase and individual tight machine price increases improve marginal profitability, corporate overall profitability is expected to increase further.
–3.69 pct. The decrease in management costs is mainly due to increased sales revenue from companies, stable fixed costs for personnel, and effects of scale; the significant decrease in financial cost rates is mainly due to a significant reduction in exchange rate earnings and interest-rate expenditures; overall, the fall in company-time rates reflects an increase in corporate control capacity, with size
• Significant improvements in cash flows and in the quality of assets. Significant improvements in the quality and efficiency of the company’s operations, capacity utilization and overall profitability of its products
During the reporting period, the net operating cash flow of the company was $8,732 million, or +27 per cent, and the ring +40 per cent, the highest level ever in the three quarters, mainly as a result of sales returns.
▪ Policy marginal improvements will lengthen the industry’s landscape, and leading firms will remain the best beneficiaries. Recent national policy easing, with capital investment expected to rebound in the second half of the year, is expected to be at the policy level.
Triple 1 Work (600031): Three seasons of support for rural infrastructure, eco-environmental protection, etc., will be further enhanced and structural excellence enhanced.
The resilience of capital investment offsets the downside risk of real estate investment, leading to a boom in the engineering and machinery industry.
Performance is over-expected, profitability recovers justly, products such as heavy machinery, plant machinery, etc. continue to secure market positions, and the market share has steadily increased.
In the medium-to-long term, the company’s product lines, downstream client distribution, global layout levels determine its ability to cross the cycle and to escape from domestic macro-cyclical fluctuations and address the issue of downward valuations. Reporting on performance gains in excess of expectations! Net profits throughout the year
In the age of the strong, the leader enjoys a premium, which remains the best option.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we continue to look at Trinity as the leader of engineering machinery.
Figure 7: Decreases in cost rates during the period and significant improvements in cost control capacity Figure 8: Significant improvements in net operating cash flows, +27 per cent year-on-year
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board