Three-by-one jobs, three-quarters ahead of expectations, a steady increase in the city's share, and the company's expected net return profit in the first three quarters by issuing an advance announcement on the performance of the 2018rd quarter.
The leading companies enjoy the industry’s high and growing profile, benefiting fully from the last cycle of the round, and continue to record higher than expected performance. We maintain the previous profit forecast, which is expected to achieve a significant increase in corporate performance from 2018 to 2020, benefiting from the industry’s high profile.
Quantities, due to downstream infrastructure needs, equipment upgrading needs, artificial replacements, environmental drivers, and higher than expected sales of all types of engineering and machinery products in the industry. (2) q3 industry has 36119 excavators, ahead of schedule, and other engineering machine relays. q3 vehicle cranes have 8066, compared with 8066.
The company’s share of the stock has been rising steadily, and the company’s share of the q3 excavators has increased to 9139, a 48% increase from the previous year, exceeding the industry’s growth rate of 13 pct, and the city’s share has risen from 22% to 1 h1.
By 25% in the q3 quarter, the share of single-month sales increased further to 26% in September; and the number of q3 car cranes sold increased by 75%, from 19% in h1 to 24% in q3. We believe that leading companies’ share of markets has continued to increase, become more difficult, and are more valuable in the course of the market cycle.
Business performance continues to improve and profitability is significantly improved. The quality and efficiency of the company’s operations continues to improve substantially, the overall profitability of the product rises, the overall cost rates continue to fall during the period and the profit levels increase by 5.88 pt over the same period. We expect the profit margin level of q3 to continue to rise.
Lead companies, competitive and resilient. We continue to recommend that companies should consider: 1) macro policy marginal improvements, downstream capital build-ups, rural renewal plans, opening up new rural markets, and growing machine sales over time; 3) companies as industry leaders, full product lines, strong competitiveness, and market dominance.
Capital investment has fallen short of expectations, and demand for engineering machinery has fallen sharply. With improved company operations and increased profitability, we expect a net profit share by 2018-2020.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.