Engineering and mechanical plates continue to be on the scene, and the company is performing three heavy jobs (600031.sh).
On 30 October, the company issued a three-quarterly report, and in the first three quarters it realized operating income of $1 billion, an increase of 170.9 per cent over the previous quarter; in the third quarter, the company achieved operating income of $12,953 million, an increase of 44.7 per cent over the same period and a net return to the mother of $1,495 million, an increase of 132.6 per cent over the same period.
We're doing our analysis and our judgment that income profits are returning to high growth and cash flows are improving dramatically.
In the previous three quarters, the company had achieved operating income of $41.1 billion and net profit of $4.9 billion, while the Māori rate remained at RMB 1 billion, up 26.9 per cent from the previous three quarters, given the higher prices of upstream raw materials, as a result of economies of scale, and the cash flow was good; the asset-liability ratio had fallen.
About 55%. The significant increase in operating income was accompanied by no significant increase in accounts receivable, and a significant decrease in impairment losses of assets, indicating a better level of risk control for companies, a decline in the proportion of bad debts, a good recoverability of receivables, and a significant improvement in cash flow.
Controls were also relatively good, with the overall performance of the three quarters meeting expectations. (ii) The industry as a whole was better, with capital estates and environmental protection driving the company's three main products, excavating machines, lifting machines and concrete machines.
The engineering and machinery industry has risen steadily since the end of 2016, and real estate and infrastructure have continued to drive the recovery of the industry, investment in real estate development and new areas of construction have continued to grow in double digits, and demand for engineering machinery has increased; if capital investment is to increase rapidly in the future,
The need for engineering and machinery is expected to continue to grow as a result of the consolidation of the rural revitalization strategy. At the same time, as environmental protection increases, engineering and machinery for the country’s three emission standards are expected to be rapidly phased out, product renewal and replacement needs increase, and industry climates are expected to remain high.
(iii) Active marketing abroad, with a steady increase in performance, shows that there has been an increase in overseas revenues. The companies are active in addition to South-East Asia and the Middle East, benefiting from the country's “one-way” policy and the connectivity of the continent.
Other overseas distribution networks are organized. Companies have better reputations abroad and abroad, and companies have always focused on the quality of their products, combined with digital transformation and intelligent manufacturing, which in the future will provide security and high standards for their customers.
Value-for-money products. We believe that, while maintaining product quality and rational competition, public-sector product markets are expected to continue to grow, and we look at the company’s exports of engineering machinery in the second half of the year, and the company’s performance is expected to increase steadily.
We believe that the company, as the industry’s leader, has been a champion in the domestic market for continuous co-production, with stable market ownership; its products, in addition to excavators, have also grown significantly, and products such as cranes, concrete machines, etc., have a strong market position and a steady rise in market ownership. In a macro-level environment where capital investments have returned to warmer, the industry is expected to maintain a high profile.
Capital investment has declined, the real estate sector has fallen and industry competition has increased.