Mid 2024: Increased layout of the civil aviation industry, 28/08/2024. Sustained progress towards the 24-year construction target
▪ In the first half of 2024, the Chinese airship was successfully completed under the guidance of the Aerial Industries Group's development strategy.
In the defence of the aviation industry, companies have not only guaranteed high-quality delivery of defence products, but have also upgraded the scientific production capacity of aviation equipment and established a system of full life-cycle services and security.
There have also been breakthroughs in the area of science, technology and innovation, many of which have been applied to scientific and technological research and have resulted in the development and production of products.
Delivery provides strong support.
In the context of the 14th Five-Year Plan, the company is committed to technological innovation and high-quality development, demonstrating strong technological innovation and autonomous R & D capabilities. Its technological advantage is in the airborne system.
The various fields of specialization are marked by the international sophistication of many new products and technologies and the establishment of numerous " Airboards in China (600372); 2023 annual reports " , a focused pilot platform to secure the development of future product lines.
Assessment: Mother-to-child net profit increase of 39.62 per cent, increased hit-and-run equipment, modern industry and four major areas of international business with a significant professional competitive advantage, market share of first-class air carriers.
Large, profitable, and well-established customer relationships.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: company performance met expectations, based on high military industry during the 1455s.
In view of the climate, and given the company's central position in aviation operations, we maintain the previous projections, with an evaluation of the q3 net profit as well as an increase of 80.89 per cent, pe 26/22/20, respectively, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
China Air is carrying three major financial forecasting tables and Dong Wu Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.