The defense aviation industry completes its task; it speeds up the deployment of the civil aviation industry.
We have the following comprehensive assessment: \triangleright
Yoon Cao Wei! triangleright!
The cost for the period was 16.1 per cent, a decrease of 0.82 ppt over the same period.
RMB, 1330 million at the beginning of the year, mainly as a result of the increase in advances for scientific research projects and the lack of funding for scientific research.
On the other hand, the company is firmly committed to implementing the “Innovative Decision 30” of the Aviation Industry Group, which has taken over five major innovative actions. 2. The three-quarterly reporting points of 2023 in the Chinese Air Transport (600372.sh) have produced ground-breaking results in a number of key aeronautical technology studies.
Review: 42 per cent increase in net profit from the mother; air carrier dragon hairs, air carrier systems, Inc., officially settled in the Shanghai market area and actively implemented the air industry group and Shanghai marketers to increase speed by 2023/10/26
The Government has signed a strategic cooperation agreement for the mid-2023 evaluation of the China Civil Airborne Systems Engineering Centre and China Air Transport Commercial Air Transport Electronics (600372.sh).
4. China Air Electronics (600372.sh) 2022 Annual Report Review: Investment Recommendations: the company is the leader of the country’s air-borne system, benefiting from the increased demand for aviation equipment, and
Newly emerging areas of productivity, such as large aircraft, continue to evolve and companies may be expected to continue to develop better in the future.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.