The rate of 25q1 4 is higher and the rate of Hang Jin energy is lower. 25q1, the cost of the company is higher by \triangleright 100% and the cost of Hang Jin energy is on the same list. 25q1, the Hang Jin energy generated a business income of $1.025 billion, the same amount.
Performance and dividends are robust, with the long-term dividends highlighted at 202.5/0.8%; net profits - 82 million yuan, with a corresponding loss of 1,237 million yuan. The Hang Jin energy-owned geese mines, the Zamu River, the open-air mines, the coal-electric integration project (the Mindong I mine and the Owink power plant) are stable, with 25q1 achieved.
Coal sales amounted to 3.24 million tons, or 53.6% of the year; electricity sales amounted to 1.03 million kilowatt hours, or 2.0% of the year.
3. China ' s Shunhua (601088.sh) incident was rated as one-time decline in the production of coal from commodities, a decrease in sales from the foreign purchase of coal, and an increase in the Māori rate.
In parallel with the red, the value of dividends has been raised by a further $195.8 per tonne of production costs, i.e. + 2.3 per cent for labour costs, repair costs, depreciation and amortization, and 39.5 per cent for home-grown coal, a decrease of 4.3 pct over the same period.) Outsourcing coal: outcoaling by 25q1
The construction of the first and second wells of New Streets is progressing in an orderly manner, and the Group’s high-quality assets are expected to continue to be injected. By the end of the first quarter, the company’s triangleright open day, the construction of the silos of the new street and the new suction wells of New Streets had started.
On April 8, 2025, the National Energy Group and China's Senghua announced that they were currently negotiating to launch a new investment deal that would continue to boost the injection of high-quality coal assets into China. According to the company's partnership to avoid competition in 2018, the unlisted coal assets of the National Energy Group are mainly located in Tianxi Yian, Uhai energy, Shinji energy, etc.
The Ning Coal Group, Xinjiang Energy, etc., are expected to continue the injection of the future group’s high-quality coal assets. Electricity distribution has declined in proportion to the same rate, and prices have fallen in relation to the same rate. 25q1, total company power generation \triangleright
The additional installed capacity of 25q1 was 1241mw, of which 1,200mw was increased for the purchase of Hang Jin energy. 25q1 RMB sold electricity at $386/MWh, corresponding to 5.6 per cent; the average cost of selling electricity was $353.7/MWh, the volume of transport and profit fell, and the five phases of the Hong Kong Harbour project were fully operational. 1) Railways: 25q1
\triangleright tons, i.e. - 8.8 per cent of the year; Tianjin Coal Terminal, 9.8 million tons of the year - 6.7 per cent of the year; Māori rate, 47.4 per cent; reduced sales of coal, restructuring of shipping operations, and other factors affecting lower profitability of transport operations.
The five phases of the 25q1 Yellow Ribbon Port (coal port area) were fully built and the construction of test posts, dredging of shipping routes, etc. were carried forward as planned. > Coal industry products have increased in volume and profit by comparison. > > Coal industry products have increased in volume and profit by comparison. > 25q1, company polyethylene sales were estimated at 9.2 million.
Tons, +2.8 per cent; polypropylene sales, 83.2 million tons, +0.6 per cent; Māori rate, 7.9 per cent; Māori, +1.6 pct, with a total profit of 43 million yuan, +168.8 per cent; \triangleright, \triangleright, \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.