The first half of the year was expected to continue at a high rate of increase in the volume of lithium salt products, which was reported in the first quarter of 2021 (002460).
The price of lithium salt products has risen and is expected to increase at a very high rate in the first half of the year.
Lithium acid and battery-grade lithium hydroxide at an average cost of $748,000 per ton, $605 million per ton, +53.22 per cent, +9.66 per cent, respectively; new energy vehicle sales in Europe at 2021q1 are increasing at a high rate, green energy investments in the United States are increasing, and future sales of new energy vehicles in the United States are expected to grow rapidly, while powered overseas are expected to grow.
In January-March 2021, battery-grade carbon resources, smelting, product layouts continued to be optimized, and performance prospects were favourable. The company is currently the only lithium company with the same operations as "Lithium ore", "Lithium salt lake" and "Lithium lithium recovery".
In the future, the company’s supply of lithium deposits will increase gradually, with resources such as lithium quarries (mtmarion, pilbara, Ningdu), salt lakes (cauchari-olaroz saline lake, a mile saline salt lake) and clay mines. Smelting ends: 3 issues of 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide in Mahun
Successfully put into production, the company ' s lithium hydroxide production will be upgraded; the 40,000-ton cauchari-laroz salt lake project will be actively advanced, with a trial production expected in the first quarter of 2022. At the end of the product: the energy density of the company ' s second-generation solid lithium cell will be over 350wh/kg, with a life cycle of about 400.
Client resources are of high quality. Companies have major supply contracts with BMW, Tesla, and lig chemicals, and customers are industry leaders.
Lithium electric products are phased in, lithium carbonate prices are expected to remain high, lithium hydroxide prices are expected to rise or increase at a faster rate, and corporate lithium salt products are expected to remain at full price and recommended ratings for the first half of 2021.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.