The company review report ..the non-ferrous metal industry proposes to launch a stock options incentive that will highlight the global lithium industry (002460.sz)
Investment event: The company issues a draft stock options incentive scheme to be awarded to directors, senior managers, core managers and core technical (operational) staff of the company for a total of 407 stock options of 1579.4 million, or 1.16 per cent of the total equity of the company.
Equity incentives bind corporate interests with core team interests, and high-quality conditions highlight the company’s future development commitment. The company’s incentive plan grants equity options in four tranches of 12 months, 24 months, 36 months, and 48 months, respectively.
The terms of the concession are based on the net profit net of non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the company ' s shareholders in the listed company in 2020, and the rate of increase in net profits of the company ' s non-retroactive parent in 2021-2024, respectively, which contributes to the mobilization of the company ' s core management team and technologists at a critical stage in the expansion of the company ' s development.
The incentives effectively combine shareholder interests, corporate interests, and the core team. And the company’s higher performance growth targets in the right-to-occupational conditions underscore its commitment to accelerating upstream diversification of resources, expanding the ability to process lithium compounds, and strengthening the industry’s niche.
Ten thousand tons, 31,000 tons of lithium hydroxide, and 1600 tons of effective capacity for the metal. And in the third phase of the company Mahun’s battery-grade lithium hydroxide production, which will gradually climb and reach production in 2021, the company’s effective capacity will be 81,000 tons of lithium hydroxide.
In addition to this, the company will accelerate the development of the layout of upstream lithium resources. Overseas companies will be actively promoting the development of the Argentine cauchari-olaroz lithium salt lake project in 2021, which is scheduled to be completed in 2021.
In Argentina, the Mariana project has successfully submitted its application for an EAC, which is scheduled to begin construction in 2021, after obtaining a license to build the plant. The company will further accelerate the construction of the sonara lithium clay project in Mexico.
And domestic companies are planning to buy 49% of the five mineral salt lakes with their own funds of $147 million, the five mineral salt lakes owning the one-mile lithium-salt lake project, and the one-mile lithium-salt with a total of 1.87 million tons of chlorinated lithium and 10,000 tons of lithium-carbonate production capacity.
And in the lower industrial chain of batteries, the company accelerated globalization and diversified resource allocation, enhancing its resource security capacity and laying a solid foundation for the production of 100,000 tons of lce ore, 100,000 tons of lce halogic water and clay and lithium production by 2025.
Investment proposal: companies, as leaders in the lithium industry, accelerate the development of upstream lithium resources, expand middle and middle lithium salt production, layout downstream lithium battery applications, and enter industrial chain terminals Tesla, BMW, BMW.
The supply chain system of large crowds of people is expected to lead global firms upstream of the industrial chain as a result of the “carbon-neutral” growth of new energy cars. The company’s timely introduction of stock options has helped to bind the company’s interests to the core team, boost its potential, and has also highlighted the company’s relevance to each other.
I am committed to presenting this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.