The company issued a report for the first quarter of 2021 after 28 April, which yielded $1.607 billion, an increase of 48.94 per cent over the same period.
The net profit of the mother was 476 million yuan, an increase of 6046.3 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the deductible and the net return to the mother was 294 million yuan, an increase over the same period; Performance: consistent with the forecast, the increase in volume + the change in fair value confirmed the increase in performance The net profit of the company 2021q1 single season, non-returned to the mother, was 294 million yuan, an increase of 308.74 per cent over the same period, an increase of 116.59 per cent over the ring.
At a quarterly average price of approximately $75,000 per ton, the increase in the production capacity of lithium hydroxide is evident. 2) Changes in the fair value of financial assets: $165 million in fair value change gains, of which the unit in the company's pilbara is in comparison with the trend of 300 depths
(a) Lithium salt: the sale of new energy vehicles in Europe has resumed growth, the demand for high nickel has gradually recovered, the demand for lithium hydroxide has gradually recovered, and the price of lithium hydroxide has accelerated since March and, as of 23 April, the price of lithium hydroxide at the battery level has increased.
The company’s lithium hydroxide price adjustment is expected to materialize gradually, and the lithium salt business is expected to continue at a flat rate; 2) non-recurring gains and losses: the supply of the Australian mine has contracted, the supply of the lithium concentrate has remained tight, and the price of the lithium concentrate continues to be high. The company’s fair value of the equity held in pilbara is expected to benefit.
At the same time, the company has sufficient stocks of lithium concentrate and has signed a charter agreement with a number of mining companies to secure a stable supply of concentrates. With regard to salt lake resources, in Argentina, 40 000 tons of battery-grade carbonate lithium (76% of the package) is planned for production in the first half of 2022, with an additional purchase of a mile of salt from a five mineral salt lake (49%).
The project will further increase the self-sufficiency rate of companies.
2. The lithium industry (002460) reported a year-on-year rating: performance was not as fast as expected, and the price of lithium was not as high as expected.
A summary of the company's financial statement data projections The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels and that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence.