The Lithium Industries (002460): The lithium salt businesses are structured and expanded, and the diversification of the lithium giants continues to grow.
The company achieved $5,524 million, or 3.41%, in 2020; the company is the world's leading producer of lithium compounds and metals.
▪ Widening supply channels for diversified lithium raw materials: companies have continued access to high-quality lithium resources worldwide and have gradually expanded the production of lithium, covering upstream lithium extraction, middle- and metal lithium processing and downstream lithium cell production and
This year, Mexico increased its shares to 50% of the Sosoora project, and plans to acquire 49% of the share in the Lithium Salt Lake project. Important segments of the value chain, such as recovery, are expected to reach 50.5 million tons of corporate lithium resources in the future, and 24.5 million tons of equity resources.
Lce, the country's lithium resource is well-established. It is expected to produce 200,000 tons of lithium salt supply in 2025: with the three phases of Mahone, lithium metal, the smelting capacity will focus on: 1) cauchari-0laroz, 40,000 tons in the future.
52-week battery-grade lithium carbonate project (expected production of 2022h1 test car): 2) marinea potassium potassium salt lake (planned start of construction in 2021); 3) 20,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production capacity for the sonora clay project (expected completion in 2023); 4) proposed
The company’s ability to supply lithium salt, which is planned (77% of revenue), determines the quality of the company’s business as a whole. The company’s lithium salt achieved 5.43.63 million tons in 2020, compared to 0.1%/+30.1%, with a significant increase in sales and efficient degeneration of stocks.
The decline of 59.4% offsets in part the negative impact of the low price of lithium in the previous three quarters. The 2004 lithium industry, which benefited from price upswings driven by improved supply and demand, saw a structural improvement in corporate profitability, as reflected in a q4-q4-quarter harvest, which was between +44 and 1.63 billion yuan, and the Māori ring, which was between +5.46 and 27.5%, the highest level in nearly six quarters.
Given the persistent rise in lithium prices since 2021 and the relative delay in adjusting the price of lithium concentrater bill, we believe that the company ' s gross margins for lithium carbonate operations are expected to rise significantly to more than 40 per cent; moreover, the company ' s battery-grade lithium hydroxide product is considered to have been or continue to receive a stable premium under the long order pricing model as it enters the global supply chain for first-line battery plants and mainframe plants.
Day tws batteries + 1 gwh lithium phosphate batteries (for future expansion to 3gwh) have lithium production capacity in several substations of the city. The production lines are expected to produce $328 million in Māori after delivery, compared to the current +69%.  Profit forecasting and rating: new energy vehicle demand continues to be good, lithium resource supply ends are limited and supply and demand patterns are modified
Lithium prices are back on track in good circumstances. The company, as one of the global lithium salt tap suppliers, is expected to be further enhanced by the expansion of s14800520100001 production capacity and the increase in the market share resulting from the client-bound advantage; the scarcity of lithium raw materials is now being highlighted.
The diversification of the lithium resource deployment strategy will help to improve cost control and profitability. We expect that the company’s financial and intellectual growth in the East will improve significantly in figure 5:2020q4
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, and the lithium industry (002460): the structural expansion of the lithium salt business and the sustained growth of the diverse lithium giants.
He's been an investment manager (cta) for the East Hing asset management plan, and a general manager for the East Hing Futures Investment Consulting Department.
Second prize for the joint study of options at the National Financial Futures Exchange (NFE), and third prize for the joint study of options at the Institute.
Heung Chang Qing, including 5 sci papers published by the first author (cumulative if > 10); research work in Treasure Steel, 2015-2018, during which he chaired or participated
A number of new product development projects have also been applied to priority projects; in May 2018, the Alliance’s Eung Xing securities were added.
East Hing Securities reported that the lithium industry (002460): the lithium salt business has expanded structurally and the diversification of the lithium giants has continued to grow.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.