+ Unacknowledged increase in performance The lithium industry (002460) announces performance: positive increase in volume + fair value changes confirm significant increase in performance
The company ' s profit growth of 202101 is mainly due to: 1) the volume price of the product has risen substantially: 202101 battery-grade lithium carbonate has been on average about 75,000 yuan per tonne per season at the beginning of the year; in terms of sales, the production of lithium carbonate and the additional capacity of lithium hydroxide has been gradually released, a marked increase over the same period. 2) Changes in the fair value of financial assets: the equity price held by the company in pilbara has increased from 0.87 Australian dollars at the beginning of the year to the end of the quarter
Operations: gradual release of capacity and progressive realization of high performance \triangleright 1) lithium salt: the volume of new downstream energy vehicles sold is expected to sustain high growth, demand continues to thrive and lithium salt prices continue to rise.
The additional 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide were produced at the end of October 2020, and the company ' s profits from lithium salt operations are expected to continue at full price; 2) non-recurring gains and losses: the supply of the Australian mines has contracted, the supply of the lithium concentrates has remained tight and the price of the lithium concentrates has remained high. On the one hand, the fair value of the company ' s shareholdings in pilbara is expected to benefit from the price increase in the concentrates;
On the other hand, the company has sufficient stocks of pre-existing lithium concentrates and has signed a charter agreement with a number of mining companies to secure a stable supply of concentrates. With regard to salt lake resources, 40,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate (76% rights of sale) are planned for production in the first half of 2022, with an additional purchase of a mile of salt from a five-mine salt lake (49% interest)
The company has a capacity of 80,000 tons of lithium hydroxide and 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate. Considering that the price of lithium salt will continue to be based on strong demand, the company will rise in volume.
The project was not as fast as expected and the price of lithium was not rising as expected. 2. The Lithium Tribute Industry (002460) announced that sales were increasing + the return on investment was recognized as leading to a significant increase in performance.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.