The increase in the first quarter of 2021 was due mainly to: 1) the sales volume of the company ' s lithium salt products had risen; 2) the company ' s lithium batteries had increased.
The company’s performance has grown significantly with a rise in production and sales. As a result of the high nickelification of batteries, the demand for the battery-grade lithium hydroxide was raised, there was a reversal in the price of the battery-grade hydrogen oxide in the second half of 2020, which was higher than the battery-grade lithium carbonate; the company paid early attention to changes in the lithium salt market.
In terms of capacity, the effective production of battery-grade lithium hydroxide has been significantly increased as a result of factors such as the adjustment of production lines and the start of landslides in the three stages of production of Mahoney.
L, of which the battery-grade lithium carbonate, the battery-grade lithium hydroxide and the metal lithium are 25,750 tons (same as in the previous year), 31,000 tons (29 per cent higher than in the same year), 1,600 tons (no more than in the same year, average sales price for the battery-grade lithium carbonate market was 44,000 yuan per tonne in 2020, respectively.
2021q1 at an average cost of 73,000 yuan/tonne (year-on-year + 50 per cent); battery-grade lithium hydroxide in 2020, with a vertical layout of the whole eco-industry chain, with new breakthroughs in all business plates in 2020.
We believe that the ownership will further enhance the company’s initiative and participation in the progress of the Argentine cauchari-olaroz lithium salt lake project, thus enriching the operational experience of overseas lithium resources. Because of the outstanding production costs of the c-o salt lake and its excellent resource reserves,
2) In March 2021, the company acquired 100 per cent of Ipiao Hung ' s shareholdings, which indirectly held an interest in the Lithium Salt Lake Project, which is one mile of Zayda wood, through 49 per cent of the ownership of the five mineral salt lake;
(a) The resource reserve is 984,803.39 million halogens, containing 1,897,000 tons of lithium chloride and 1.8658 million tons of potassium chloride, and the lithium chloride production line, which has gradually been able to climb up the production capacity and is expected to reach production by 2021;
The capital subsidiary Keizhou plans to invest no more than $3 billion in the construction of a base for the development and production of high-end polymer lithium batteries, the main products of which are polymer lithium batteries and tws wireless blue earpiece batteries, which are under construction; and 2) solid-state batteries are now in their second generation.
The performance enhancement of products is mainly reflected in the product ' s energy density (up from 235-280wh/kg to 350wh/kg) and its life cycle (approximately 400 times); of this, solid state cores with a concentration of lithium metal above 420wh/kg have been officially applied in some areas.
Tens of thousands of tons of recycling capacity, technological progress on the plate, with a clear direction for the future development of the company’s diversified lithium whole-industry chain, continued to benefit from lithium salt taps, which were tested in the first half of 2022; the Mariana project in Argentina is planned to be acquired in 21 years.
(a) Formal construction work started after the CEP licence; the Mexican sonora lithium clay project, a company that seeks to make it a leader in the global lithium clay-extinguishing project;
Large-scale integrated battery equipment to achieve sustainable development of the company’s business and create diversified revenue-earning incentives to demonstrate corporate commitment to development.The company announced on 6 April 2021 its 2021 stock options incentive scheme (draft), to be made public
It will be evident that stock options will be valued at $96.28/the company’s global diversification of lithium lithite, lithium salt lake, and lithium clay resource projects.
With the rapid growth of the new energy sector, we expect the company to achieve the year 2021-2023. Repeated overseas epidemics have led to less than expected development of the overseas lithium resource; the new energy sector has not been able to meet expectations for lithium salt; and the price of lithium salt has fallen dramatically.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.