`g company evaluation report  Non-ferrous metals industry Lithium salt volume up and up with fair financial assets
The lithium industry (002460.sz) has seen a change in value returns, company q1 performance has increased significantly, industry has recovered, and lithium prices have risen significantly, driving company performance growth.
The industrial chain is still hot, the domestic demand for lithium carbonate is strong, and the price of lithium carbonate has maintained its strong upward trend at the end of last year and has led to an increase in the price of lithium hydroxide. According to the Mobil, 2021q1 domestic battery-grade lithium carbonate has increased from 53,835 to 87,463 tons.
Prices amounted to $74378 per ton, with an increase of 52.30 per cent in average prices per quarter; domestic battery-grade lithium oxide prices rose from $57,000 per ton to $74,750 per ton, with an increase of 8.22 per cent in average prices per quarter.
In other cases, the company’s production and sales volume increased substantially during the reporting period, driving the company’s net operating profits to a similar level. In addition, the company’s financial assets held during the reporting period generated a change in fair value gains, which also led to an increase in the company’s non-operational earnings for the same year.
Diversification of resources, strengthening of the ecological layout of the entire industrial chain, and consolidation of industry leaders. The company has accelerated the diversification of its upstream lithium resources beyond the current Australian lithium mine, which is the main source of resources, and will be actively promoting the development of the cauchari-laroz lithium salt lake project in Argentina in 2021.
The project is scheduled to complete most of the project construction in 2021 and start construction after the construction of the plant's epoch in the first half of 2022. The company will also accelerate the construction of the sonora lithium clay project in Mexico in an effort to turn the project into a global clay-filled lithium project.
The company plans to buy 49% of the five mineral salt lakes at $147 million from its own funds, the five mineral salt lakes have the one-mile lithium salt lake project, which has 1.87 million tons of lithium chloride reserves and 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity.
It is planned to invest in the construction of an annual production of 7,000 tons of lithium metal and lithium. In the downstream application of the lithium battery industry, the company has deployed consumer batteries, tws batteries, power/storage batteries, and solid states.
On the client side, the company has entered the supply chain system of the new energy car giants Tesla, BMW, and the general public. The introduction of a draft equity incentive, high-growth conditions, highlights the company’s confidence in its future development.
Draft options incentive scheme, with a total of 407 shares to be awarded to company executives and core technical staff 15,79.4 million options, or 1.16 per cent of the total equity of the company, subject to the deduction of non-recurring gains or losses attributable to the company ' s shareholders in the listed company in 2020
The net profit base, with the firm ' s net profit growth rate for 2021-2024 separately, has helped to motivate the company ' s core management team and technicians at a critical stage in the expansion of the company, effectively combining shareholder interests, corporate interests and the individual benefit of the core team.
Together, companies set high performance growth targets in the right-of-occupancy conditions to highlight corporate investment proposals: companies, as leaders in the lithium industry, speed up upstream lithium resource development, expand middle- and middle-stream lithium salt production, deploy downstream lithium battery applications, tap into industrial chains supply chain systems for core giant customers, strengthen the corporate ecological chain and competition to protect the river, and achieve the annual production of 100,000 tons of lce ore lithium by 2025,
One hundred thousand tons of halogen and clay-based lithium production have laid a solid foundation and consolidated the global industry’s leadership. The company has put in place a stock options incentive scheme in good time, and has made a commitment to produce this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.