Shunfeng Holdings (002352.sz): Three quarters forecast a significant increase in performance, keeping an eye on the future profitability of the company.
Focusing on core logistics strategies, express delivery continues to grow. Companies focus on core logistics strategies, maintaining a sound business tone. In July and August, it was 921 million and 942 million items, an increase of 8.87 per cent and 9.15 per cent, respectively, higher than industry-wide growth rates of 0.90 per cent and 0.90 per cent, respectively.
By improving the quality of services and differential competitiveness, sustaining high-end consumer products such as raw and fresh fruit, maintaining healthy product structure and income growth, contributing to faster growth in three quarters of equal performance compared to ring ratios.
Cost controls are working well, and the company’s performance has been boosted by glorified logistics. The company’s continued in-depth multi-network accommodation and optimization of business models, as well as its streamlined resource planning at the cost end, have enhanced its capacity for resource integration and synergy, with firm results in cost management in the previous three quarters, accompanied by strong results in the management of corporate costs.
As business picks up, the benefits of network size continue to improve. Together with the combined performance of Gali logistics, the company’s supply chain in the first three quarters, and the revenue from international operations, as of last quarter.
On July 17th, the official delivery will increase the number of cities covered by its statute of limitations, which will allow more ground transportation to be converted to air transportation and improve the stability of company services. Meanwhile, the shipment at the Orzhou airport will transform the company’s past-to-point aviation network into axiomatic irradiated air network.
It is expected that the Orzhou airport will play a full hub role, take over the delivery of couriers from both the east and west, and help the Department to open up the central and western markets.
We believe that with a sustained focus on core logistics strategies, better product structures, lower volumes of low-fluorescent products, and with the end of the year ' s production at the airport in Ozhou, increased integration of Garrett logistics, time-bound logistics and international operations are expected to be released, recommending patient bottom layout.
This effect is evident, new business scale effects are emerging, and profits will gradually recover; and, in the lead-up to the statute of limitations, it is expected that the beneficiary economy will grow steadily and boom, that the new business will continue to grow at a higher rate, and that the firm will grow at a higher level of certainty over the next three years.
Repeated outbreaks and risks to the international trade environment: large clients are growing at a slower rate than expected: the risk of new markets opening up; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.