22q3 not returned to mother $16.5-1800 million for continued profit rehabilitation of South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: A performance forecast of 2022q3 was issued by the Hondo Holdings. The company ' s net profit of 22q1-3 was 44.2-4570 million tons of couriers: the volume of items was continuously repaired at an incremental rate and the volume of business was consistently increased. The 22m7 industry achieved 96.50 billion items of couriers, compared to +8 per cent, and the m8 received 9.43 billion items of couriers, compared to 4.9 per cent in science.
Increased speed of repair of the quarantine and courier industries, recovery of the company ' s business at a rate of 22m7 and delivery of 921 million items at a rate of +8.9 per cent per year, and 942 million items at a rate of +9.2 per cent per year, exceeding the industry division ' s ability to improve the quality and competitiveness of its services by further strengthening its capacity to provide multiple logistics services at the end of the spectrum.
In addition to optimizing the product structure, benefiting from improvements in business volume, the company’s operating income has recovered at a faster rate. In addition, the consolidated Garret logistics from 21q4 contributed to the company’s performance on a par with growth.
At the same time, the return in business has led to a sustained improvement in network scale efficiency. On 17 July, Oxana Airport was launched, and the volume of operations is up to date.
Two sea routes will open in 22 years to Osaka and Frankfurt International, and it is expected to further improve the coverage of high-prescription services in cities and upgrade the international supply chain of companies. • Profit forecasting and investment advice.
Controls continue to be implemented at the Māori end. Short-term viewing of the 22q4 business break in the season, cost-control gains consolidated: medium- and long-term viewing of the growth in the volume of operations at the Lake Flower Airport in O County, Garry Logistics becoming a new growth, Consistency Holdings (002352): performance meets expectations, and construction takes place.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.