• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
The performance forecast for 22q3 shows that the company achieved a net return profit of $44.2-4570 million in the previous three quarters (synchronous assessment: management and strengthening of the capacity base for continuous improvement in performance).
A more flexible price strategy and better cost management. And it leads to a sustained improvement in performance.
Household service programmes need to be improved, with better income structures for different products and clients. Multinetization improves cost-control capabilities. Multinetization is not a one-time downscaling effect. It is released on a quarterly basis.
A little flexibility to counter-breeding business growth. Planning effectiveness improves decision-making capacity. Management tools such as pre-regulation, dynamic monitoring of events and ex post-reclamation, improves resource efficiency, improves process management accuracy and enhances effective capacity to sink into decision-making, prompts companies to move on to quality.
Management upgrades the combined capacity of companies to become stronger, and when the business development environment improves marginally, the Division is expected to embrace greater revenue and performance elasticity, with emphasis on investment opportunities for companies.
Multinetization is less than expected: rising labour costs: slower macroeconomic growth: less business growth than expected; increased price competition; continuing impact of the epidemic on business operations; rising oil prices, etc.
2. Network integration has become less cyclical, and data from within and outside: q3 profits have risen significantly, and the overall picture is slightly higher than expected.
The forecast of performance for the third quarter of the year shows that the company accumulated a net return profit of $4.42 billion to $4.570 billion in the first three quarters of the year, and the profits improved quarterly in the first three quarters of 12022.
2-point evaluation: managing the capacity-building base to keep performance on track; improving access
We believe that the upgrading of management capacity is based primarily on a more flexible price strategy and better cost management through a three-tier approach, multi-networking and planning effectiveness, leading to sustained improvement in performance. Tier-level operations enhance business capacity.
Clarifying that different types of client service programmes need to be improved, the second is that the income structure of different products and customers needs to be healthier. This year’s poor macroeconomic environment, both domestic and foreign, has created pressure for income growth, and companies have taken a more rational look at their own product and programme capabilities.
At the same time, a healthy product and customer income structure is both an important guarantee of improved networking and an informed decision to deal with a more uncertain macro-level environment. Multi-connectivity improves cost-control capabilities.
Each year, they are released on a quarterly basis. Multiple factors such as the duration of the site contract, the availability of “perfect” sites in the physical world, the route of planning optimization, the need to balance service stability, network integration processes and process adjustments, and the need to maintain “long-term patience” for the overall optimization of the company's network.
Planning effectiveness improves decision-making capacity. Planning capacity is enhanced primarily through management tools such as advance planning forecasting, dynamic monitoring of events and ex post recovery, which enhances resource efficiency, process management accuracy and efficiency.
In short, management upgrading is further strengthening the company’s combined capabilities, and when the business development environment improves marginally, the public sector is expected to achieve greater revenue and performance elasticity, with emphasis on investment opportunities for companies.
Multinetization is less than expected; labour costs are higher; macroeconomic growth is slower; business growth is less than expected; prices are higher; the epidemic continues to affect business operations; oil prices are higher; Internet companies, financial and industrial complexes, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives in seller research.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.