Product structure optimization + cost control was good, with a net profit advance of about 150 per cent in the first three quarters: the company recently issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2022 and expected to achieve a significant increase in the non-net profit of q3 in the first three quarters: the company earned $13.1 billion in the first half of 2022, the same amount.
By quarter, q1 net profit was $910 million, compared to $1 billion, an increase of 114 per cent from the previous year, mainly as a result of steady growth in the main business.
In July/August, the volume of the Division ' s operations continued to be repaired at an equal rate of 8.9% and 9.2%, respectively, exceeding the industry rate of 0.7 pct and 4.2 pct. The company optimized the product structure through continuous adjustments, improved product competitiveness and income quality, fresh fruit, industrial deliveries and export to medium- and high-end power suppliers.
High-end consumer-type products continue to be active, contributing to the growth in performance of the statute of limitations industry; and secondly, the backbone product structure continues to be optimized, with international and supply chain operations generating revenues of the same value after the merger of Gali logistics, which rises by 4.2 per cent, 2.8 per cent, and single-ticket revenues of $16.02, 15.61, respectively, in July-August.
Power is expected to subside, and cost controls are expected to rise at full cost in two-tenths of the season. Cost controls are excellent: companies actively adjust market strategies, stick to fine-tuning cost controls, improve input efficiency, promote four-line accommodation, enhance site and line resource integration, and effectively reduce operations
In addition, after the start of the pilot operation in July, and the official delivery in 2023, Ozhou Airport will further optimize the cost side, add to the new business losses and the continued release of the scale effect, and the expected performance will continue to grow. It is worth mentioning that the State Council Standing Meeting on 21 September noted that during the fourth quarter,
A 10% reduction in toll tolls on road trucks would help the company to reduce the cost of express tickets. Repurchases would highlight the company’s confidence: on September 22, the company announced its intention to repurchase some of the public shares in the form of a centralized bid through the secondary city, with the sum of the repurchases no less than the RMB.
One billion yuan and not more than 2 billion yuan, with a repurchase price not exceeding 70 yuan/share, will be used primarily for employee holding schemes or equity incentive schemes, including the company ' s 2022 equity period.
Corporate long-term incentives, full mobilization of core cadres and good employees, joint promotion of profit projections: industry entering a competitive phase of differentiation, optimized through continuous restructuring of products, product pricing capacity, cost control and automation equipment under strict policy regulation
The lift, the build-up of the four networks, will help companies to build up the operating chassis, and consolidate competitive advantages. Accommodating the shipment will provide a strong growth in timeliness, international operations, and supply chains, lower than expected, higher fuel costs, etc.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.