Half-yearly, large securities report a steady increase in revenue collection, resulting in net profits such as impairment losses; Half-yearly reports in 2018 issued by large securities, generating operating income of $4,114 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 3.71 per cent over the same year, and a decrease of 21.71 per cent in the net return to the mother ' s profit of $969 million.
In the first half of 2018, brokers’ offices received 1.2 billion yuan, a 1 per cent decrease in the same year, brokers’ net share of the market in securities business increased by 0.05 percentage points from the end of 2017 and the market ranked.
Investments in banking, net revenue from charges of $400 million, a 16 per cent increase over the same period, mainly as a result of the increase in income from bond underwriting; mergers and acquisitions, one to be issued and four to be reviewed by the CVM and the exchange; and refinancing.
In the second half of the year, the company proposes to move forward with the strategic deployment of Hong Kong’s operations and enhance the capacity of overseas investment banks.
In the broader context of deleveraging, industry asset management, especially access, is shrinking, while HDRs are actively upgrading their proactive management capacity at $126.7 billion, an increase of 10.08 per cent at the beginning of the year, with active management at 44.04 per cent and an increase in management product performance.
Credit impairment loss accounts for surcharge costs, resulting in net profit losses. Credit impairment losses of $191 million, mainly for stock pledge preparation, compared with the impairment of assets during the same period last year.
With a loss of only $4.34 million, the increase in impairment losses is the main reason for the increase in operating costs. This increase in costs, mainly due to changes in accounting standards, will gradually reduce the marginal effect and, when fully reduced, will give a more realistic expression to the stock pledge business or
A combination of corporate performance and development prospects and maintenance of “growth” ratings. Half-yearly rating of large securities: steady growth in revenue collection, net interest on impairment loss, etc. Half-yearly rating of large securities: steady growth in revenue, net profit on impairment loss, etc.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report