The company achieved operating income of $41.1 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 3.7 per cent over the previous half year, and net profit of $970 million for the mother, a decline of 21.7 per cent over the same period.
The positive performance of the revenue-side and the high performance of the major businesses, which led to counter-market growth, was accompanied by a sharp increase in the cost side, with the impact of the compounding of the impairments, which led to a decline in the net return profit.
1) Brokering is sound and the share of revenue has increased. The company’s performance in the first half of the year was largely due to further progress in the company’s network-building strategy. As of the end of June, 1 branch and 13 stock offices had been established and companies now have 14 certificates.
In the first half of the year, the company generated more than 200 million yuan in sales of financial products, an increase of more than 600 per cent over the same period. On the one hand, the total volume of sales increased significantly to $27.4 billion, with equity-based financial products.
On the other hand, the pb business has a large surplus and, at some point, has contributed to the increase in proceeds from sales. 3) In addition to securities brokering, companies have performed equally well in terms of futures brokers. In the first half of the year, the overall performance of light futures operations has been smooth, and this has been achieved.
At the end of the last six months, the market share of large futures was 3.59% in the previous period, the Grand Chamber of Commerce, the Chamber of Commerce, and the Institute of China Gold, respectively, ranking fourth in futures companies. Overall, the company’s futures broker leads the business.
In the first half of the year, there was a steady increase in corporate asset management and a rapid increase in the proportion of active management.
By the end of June, the total size of the portfolio was $287.7 billion, an increase of 4.9 per cent from the beginning of the year; The size of the active management was $126.7 billion, an increase of 10.1 per cent from the beginning of the year.
To 44.0%, well above the industry average. The net revenue from the company's asset management business fees in the first half of the year was $300 million a month, a 71% increase over the same period.
A cumulative total of 725 private partnerships, representing an increase of 57.0 per cent over the same period; a cumulative introduction of pb products, 1,666 mutual funds, and a comprehensive layout of the ppp project.
According to the Ignorance data, the number of people active in “Golden Sun app” in June was 1.38 million. The Irene consultation data show that the “Golden Sun app” was on average 3.05 hours per device in June, ranking industry 2nd. The company's Internet platform is moving forward with a combination of strategies, investment information, and investment tools.
In the case of the ppp business, with the new regulations in the first half of the year, the new regulations govern the management of the company's wealth.
In this context, companies actively seek to break through, cooperate more frequently with their counterparts, explore models like abs, reits, and so on in the new compliance situation, and are expected to achieve some results in the second half of the year.
Under good operating income, there are three factors contributing to the net profits of the company in the first half of the year. 1) First, costs: the company ' s operating expenses in the first half of the year were $2.74 billion, an increase of 17 per cent.
The increase in employee remuneration of $140 million is due mainly to the expansion of the research team. In addition, the company’s brokerage business in Hong Kong has grown rapidly (a high percentage of Hong Kong brokers) and an increase in the branch structure has also increased the cost side.
The main reason for this is the sharp rise in interest spending on bonds, profit forecasts and investment proposals: the company’s revenue growth in the first half of 2018 was positive, and the net profit on maternity outperformed the industry.
Overall performance is good. Stable under-line brokering (also synchronized on-line) and excellent initiatives have developed a stronger competitive advantage, with the negative impact of costs, charges and net interest