The advantage of industrial chain integration is highlighted by the over-expected performance of four quarters.
On the evening of 24 January, Giant Shares issued a performance forecast for 2021, with companies predicting an increase in the price of their main business products in 2021 and an over-expected increase in their performance in four quarters: four quarters of good company demand, rising raw material prices, and a "double-controlled" production limit for phased energy consumption led to a market.
The price of fluorinated feedstocks rose by 80.91% on average year-on-year, and the production demand for hydrohydrated hydrogen was partially met, with a rise in the primary product and its raw materials.
The benefits of integration are evident, and the cost advantages of a high degree of company integration have become more pronounced in the future price of refrigerant taps, leading to over-expected growth in the company ' s performance in the fourth quarter and throughout the year.
Actively capture the industry, pvdf expands: Pvdf prices are high to date against a backdrop of strong downstream demand, persistent imbalances in the supply and demand of battery-grade products and high prices of raw materials at the end of r142b. According to the data from the Kiwakawa Mobil, as of 25 January, grains, powders, batteries
Pvdf, with a mainstream price of $320,000 per ton, $340,000 per ton and $4.45 million per ton per year, will produce 3,500 tons of pvdf capacity in 2021, covering 1,000 tons of battery-grade capacity, and an additional 6,500 tons of capacity will be operational in the first half of 2022, and the company will be fully configured.
The “vdcr142bvdfpvdf” industry chain, whose production costs are not affected by price fluctuations in raw materials, has significantly expanded profit margins during this pvdf price increase. Based on its technological and industry chain advantages in the area of pvdf, the current company plans to expand 48kt/avdf technology by an additional 48kt/avdf technology.
23.5 kt/apvdf new construction project and 30kt/apvdf technological extension project (phase I), Sun Chiren
The new 48kt/avdf technology expansion project will be accompanied by an additional 80,000 tonnes/year r142b, 10kt/ar143a, and a new 23.5kt/apvdf project with an output structure of suspended methods.
Step back to reason, but based on the full industrial chain layout of the company, the technical experience accumulated over years in pvdf operations, and the scale effect of expansion of production capacity, companies are still expected to demonstrate the strength and advantages of fluorinated leading firms in a fully competitive market environment.
The company's limited share in the company's medium core technology, which was co-financed with the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, has already been submitted for listing in early January.
Wet-electronic chemicals are at the forefront of the country, with major wet-electronic chemical products reaching 12 inches of integrated circuit manufacturing, some of which have already been produced in quantities and successfully entering the supply chain of leading downstream companies, such as Centrave International, Slanwa, Huayun and others.
The pooled funds will be used for technological upgrading and expansion of production capacity for e-chemicals in the middle core, which, when new production becomes available, will accelerate the process of nationalization of ultra-pure e-chemicals while strengthening their size advantages and increasing corporate performance.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: In the context of performance forecasts and key business data disclosed by companies, we have revised the company ' s profitability projections upwards, with companies expected to achieve a net return profit in 2021-2023 Risk factors: significant fluctuations in the prices of refrigerants and their raw materials; refrigerant demand is not as high as expected
Risk; pvdf is working at less than expected risk.