Corporate self-renovation: Retail transformation strategy launched in 2004; second transformation started in 2010, with management upgrading and a shift to intensive micro-credit and joint ventures; in 2015, with a clear proposal to create a financial technology bank; and, after 2018, repositioning clients and technology at their core, fully operational
Digital transformation to create an operating system guided by mau. This transformation has resulted in companies showing excellence in low-yield liabilities, asset structure, non-interest income and asset quality.
More sticky customers increase the rate of validity of personal deposits. In the deposit structure, the current share is higher, effectively reducing the cost of liabilities. On the margins, the current rate of increase in corporate and personal deposits is significant.
It's higher than the time frame, and the deposits are more active. But the interest rates on the deposits are still under pressure. • Assets: the ratio of retail assets is more than half, the balance between earnings and quality is sought. Retail loans are more than half in the loan structure.
In 2020, credit card lending failed and cushioned the rapid growth of public loans. In 2021, retail lending is expected to return to normal. Quality: bad rates have passed.
When the market is generally concerned about the quality of bank assets, the recruitment rate and the provision coverage have been reversed. Retail operations are expected to be positive in 2021.
The epidemic has once again severely curtailed population activity; macroeconomic growth has been slower than expected, policies have again guided banks to a dusty history, and commercial banks operate with four core elements: size, growth, structure and quality.
The macroeconomy and the scope of the industry are highly relevant, and externality is relatively strong. Growth, structure and quality are interdependent and mutually constrained, more dependent on managerial decision-making, and more endogenous.
Next, when macro- or regulatory environments are unfavourable, self-renovation, restructuring of operations, efficiency gains, and driving roa up. Chart 1 continues to evolve Retail transformation: Against a background of central bank easing interest rate fluctuations in institutional lending in 2003 and Business in 2004
In 2004, the recruitment brought the retail transition to strategic heights, leading to differentiation, branding, and service quality. In the case of bank finance, it tends to offer a solution from a customer’s perspective rather than a single product.
In 2010, the recruitment process opened a second transition, leading to higher management and a shift to intensive operations. The focus was on micro-credits, and joint ventures.
During the year, the recruitment campaign proposed the development of financial technology, the creation of light banks, the application of technology to abs and micro-enterprises, and the full digitization of technology: the background is the wave of Internet and financial technology. In 2018, the introduction of repositioning technology and clientele were at the core of a comprehensive digital transformation and the creation of a management system with mau as the North Star.
Behind a number of dusty times of history and running is a management that is extremely crisis-conscious and capable of change, which is the primary force of the retail king’s continuous march. The changes have made the recruitment highly sticky to the client, and have distinguished itself in terms of the cost of indebtedness, asset structure, non-interest income, asset quality, etc.
Two wins on the starting line: the low-debt cost provides a security margin: the left hand “Book for Business” and the right hand “Book for Life” with mau as the “Arctic Star” indicator, and the two-apped retail system adaptation programme.
App provides general banking functions that significantly reduce the need for customers to go to the site. Over the years, continuous improvements have been made, and user experience has improved significantly. Clients often use a subtle sense of convenience, which is similar to Internet product design.
At the same time, a variety of credit portfolios are available on the App page. Consumer scenes + financing programs can effectively convert flows into retail assets.
A cumulative 98,423 million users of hand-held life and 62.48% of credit card digitizes. The customer's sticky lifting will deposit deposits and increase the efficiency of retail lending to personal deposits. (The enhancement of the deposit derivative mechanism is key to the success of the retail transition, and will be carved in depth in the thematic report.)
2.2 Winners on the starting line: low-debt costs provide a safe edge; deposits are higher among liabilities. In general, interest-bearing liabilities range from high to low-paying bonds, borrowing from central banks, inter-operative liabilities (excluding inter-operator statements), and customer deposits. 2020h, call for interest payments on the above-mentioned items.
The ratio is 3.28 per cent, 3.04 per cent, 1.68 per cent, 1.61 per cent. Thus, under static analysis, the higher the balance of client deposits in interest-bearing debt, the better. At the end of 2020h, the share of client deposits in interest-bearing liabilities was 76.2 per cent, at the top of the stock line.
This outreach capacity is already in the forefront. Figure 3 shows the lowest percentage of deposits in the equity line, so the results of the intra-group comparisons are still reliable.
In the deposit structure, the cost of time deposits is significantly higher than the cost of time deposits, and the cost of company deposits is significantly higher than the cost of personal deposits. Data for 2020h show that, while in the intake structure, the share of individual deposits is not favourable, the lowest cost of personal time deposits is 24.1%, after the agricultural bank (28.8%).
The size of private banks and their average assets are in the net differential advantage of the industry's first low liability cost. The rate of cost of interest-bearing liabilities (1.81%) is only higher than that of the construction bank (1.8%),
Agricultural estates (1.74 per cent), industrial estates (1.71 per cent) and postal stores (1.6 per cent) have a net interest margin (2.5 per cent) after normal knowledge (3.16 per cent), the Zhang Qaharang business (2.79 per cent) and the Sanitary Bank (2.59 per cent). The advantage of the cost of the liability does not require aggressive pursuit of interest-bearing assets, thereby stabilizing the asset quality, reducing the provision in the profit table, increasing profits and raising the Roe.
One of the main reasons for the sharp decline in the net difference between safe travel and recruitment is that asset-end radicalization has increased the provision and suppressed profitability. 22 per cent of current deposits have been higher than the rate of 11.7 per cent for individual time deposits, compared vertically with corporate and personal time deposits.
These changes are due to monetary policy easing, which is expected to disappear in 2021 as the currency policy normalizes.3 Retail assets: finding safety zones between yield and quality
Retail loans accounted for more than half of the total, and were the first base of the King of Retailing. In 2020h, the share of retail loans recruited was 51.2%, followed only by the Peace Club (56.5%), the Post Office (55.4%) and the regular banker (54%). Credit card receivables accounted for 13.4%, and individual housing loans for 24.7%, the former for the second half (20.4%) and the larger light.
At the same time, they still have 24.7% of individual housing loans to balance risks and gains. Figure 8 shows that retail loans account for more than half of the total, while developing credit card loans while still retaining a higher share of mortgages.
More than in the same period last year, retail lending grew at a significantly lower rate than in the same period last year, with zero growth in credit card lending balances, mainly due to the epidemic’s restrictions on residential consumption and the blocking of credit card lending. Looking to 2021, economic activity has largely returned to normal, with sporadic outbreaks under control, and credit card lending is expected to pick up to normal levels.
4 Fees and commission revenue: Multiple support: 5 assets continue to improve in quality, reducing profit leakages, and asset quality continues to improve, and bad rates have become apparent.
However, the recruitment failure rate q3 has started down and, according to the latest performance forecast, dropped to 1.17% by the end of 2020, the last five years low. The provision coverage rebounded in q4 and remains high.
When the provision is higher, the roa will be significantly suppressed.
Chart 11q4, bottom-down rates to the bottom of five years. Chart 13, current-run reserve rates are relatively low, with a significant negative impact on roa. A tight logical relationship requires a longer length, which will be documented in a separate depth report.
Once again, the epidemic severely curbs the population's activity. Macroeconomic growth has been slower than expected, and policies have again guided banks to make concessions on the economy, using legally compliant information, and to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report have come from the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.