Retail assets are expected to grow at a higher rate and asset quality continues to improve
Companies continue to insist on a mau-oriented approach, with banks applying for and taking over $145 million and $110 million, respectively. Retail customers, retail assets, customers of sunflowers and above, and assets of sunflowers and above, private customers, and private-sector assets achieving a high rate of growth and a strong retail advantage.
Corporate stock prices compare to the 300-indicator rise in assets: retail loans are expected to grow at a normal rate. Credit card loans, although affected by the epidemic, have a negative impact on mortgages and consumer loans.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, q2-q4 credit card loans are increasing at a gradual rate.
The lowest rate of personal demand is as high as 24.9%. • Quality: the rate of bad passbacks (1.07%) has been steadily reversed and the point of pass has passed.
The epidemic inhibits consumer behaviour more than expected: macroeconomic growth is slower than expected.1 Overall business performance: retail advantage is consolidated and assets are of good quality.20 In 2020, net profit on recruitment/repatriation was $29,482 million/97,342 million, compared to the corresponding increase.
7.70/4.82 per cent. Net/non-interest income is received in the amount of $185,031 million, with companies continuing to insist on a mau orientation, with 145 million (youy+27.19 per cent) and 110 million (youy+20.16 per cent), retail customers (yoy+9.72 per cent),
Most of the targets are growing at a high rate, and retail advantages are strongly consolidated. Step up. Credit card lending (yoy+11.3%) is growing at a rate that, although affected by the epidemic, mortgages (yoy+15.0%) and consumer loans (yoy+9.63%) have had some negative effects. As the impact of the epidemic subsides, q2-
4.2% of individuals (Yoy-0.5%) contribute to the optimization of the deposit structure, with the lowest cost rate of personal demand failure steadily falling (1.07%) and the q3 with the highest rate. Credit risk leads to bad outcomes, but the company is poorly disposed of, adequately provided, and assets of excellent quality.
2 Business Analysis: Mau Orientation + Two Major App Fluxes: Mau as Arctic Stars, with two Apps as platforms, and Mau as a guide for operations from the flow point of view through the call-in bank app and hands-on app
By the end of the reporting period, applicants to commercial banks had reached 145 million users, with 20.16 per cent more than the same year, and credit card digitization had reached 62.82 per cent. The key to improving the efficiency of client conversion was the "net + app + scene" model, the core scene and the multi-dimensional ecology.
For example, out of two major apps, 23 scenes of mau are worth more than a million, and the volume of transactions between the two scenes of “diner tickets” and “video tickets” is close to $10 billion.
The rapid growth of retail customers and private bank customers, which affected retail operations to some extent, led to the resumption of work in a timely manner and to retailing through the growth of online services.
One hundred and twenty-two per cent more than the same year, of which 31,018 million were sold with sunflowers, an increase of 17.15 per cent. Total retail customer funding, increased investment in financial science and technology. Companies continued to increase their investment in financial science and technology, amounting to 11,912 million yuan, an increase over the reporting period.
27.25% long, accounting for 4.45% of revenue, an increase of 0.73 percentage points in the same year, far higher than the previous collection of 1% to invest in financial science and technology. Information technology inputs are mainly directed to systems operations, electronic equipment and software procurement, information financial analysis: capital liabilities are optimized and poor rates continue to fall.
Lower market interest rates drive net interest differentials back, depending on the downside of market interest rates, which account for a larger share of loan and investment returns that fall on a continuous basis, faster than the cost of debt. q4 net interest differentials fall, either because of increased securitization of mortgage assets or because of the fact that they are more expensive than the cost of debt.
Credit card risk management has been strengthened, raising the ratio of medium- and low-risk asset quality. Loans have grown steadily, mortgages, and consumer loans have cushioned the impact of credit card failure.
To some extent, the growth of housing loans and consumer loans eased the impact of credit card growth. Looking ahead, in 2021, the domestic epidemic has largely eliminated restrictions on residents’ movement, and we believe that credit card growth will be on its way.
The normal year returns (17-20 per cent). On the other hand, the system for the centralization of real estate loans requires a 20 per cent share of individual housing loans from medium- and medium-sized banks. In order to meet regulatory requirements, the promotion of consumer loans, individual operating loans and credit card loans is also the driving force of the process.
During the reporting period, net fees and commissions increased by $79,486 million, or 11.18 per cent.
Incoming, the revenue from the administration of property, the size of the trust, and other commissions in trust amounted to $26,742 million, an increase of 13.51 per cent over the same period. In capital markets, income from agent funds to promote agent service charges amounted to $12,651 million, an increase in the same proportion.
The rate of production rose, but the company stepped up its efforts to dispose of non-performing loans, amounting to $54.929 billion during the reporting period, to ensure that figure 9 provides coverage q4 rebounds. Figure 8q4, with the lowest rate down to five years.
Figure 10 Cost-to-income ratio of information technology inputs, Figure 11 Capital Sufficiency Rate and Level I Capital Sufficiency Rate, Figure 12 Roa and rorwa Falling
The epidemic inhibits consumer behaviour more than expected; macroeconomic growth is slower than expected.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, the result of specific recommendations or views in this report.