Gore shares (002241.sz) Electronic components  other components  Audio components upgrades drive performance growth, virtual reality solutions
The audio industry benefits from a multi-dimensional upgrade to market space: the audio industry upgrades from two sides: 1) Microsound devices: as one of the important components of an intelligent terminal, the upgrading of the sound-over instruments is focused on sound upgrades.
The single dimension, which will start to expand to three dimensions of stereosound, waterproofing and power integration in the future as mobile terminals evolve in diversity, has led to an effective increase in industrial value in single-organic products, including products from core producers such as Apples, Samsungs and others, as well as small rice and waterproofs in the country.
In the future, the penetration rate of the market will continue to increase with the release of related products, such as Middle-Change Communications; (2) Headphones and audio products, represented by sound boxes and headphones, are also undergoing a process of intellectual upgrading and, as the need for intelligent life rises, voice interactions receive major terminals as the most appropriate means for people to interact with each other.
Businesses and Internet manufacturers are concerned that smart sound boxes, represented by Amazonecho, and smart headphones, represented by apples, have become hot spots in consumer markets, thereby triggering follow-up by other producers. The international frontline giants, including Google, Amazons, Apples, etc., have joined in, and the product lines have become rich and technically capable.
The value of the company ' s earnings from the industry market has risen, and corporate barriers have risen: one of the leading players in the global acoustic component, the increase in the single-machine value of the corporate core of the overseas brand, which is about 70 per cent of the volume of stereo-sound and waterproofing, is expected to improve the company ' s performance effectively, while at the same time giving the company the technological capacity to integrate into future markets.
The smartness of audio and headphones, though still mainly in the North American market, is a good user experience that has positive growth expectations for the future industry, as well as for electricity, including companies.
The virtual reality solution opens up the space for growth: virtual reality (vr) and enhanced reality (ar) technologies have continued to receive market attention over the past few years, with the vr market, which is dominated by games and entertainment, growing rapidly.
Core suppliers in the industry, including sony, oculus, Microsoft, and Samsung, have introduced hardware and software products.
Improved consumer recognition has continued to improve, with industry markets maintaining both output and output, and companies improving their technology puzzles and leading market openings: in recent years, companies have gradually increased their stocks of key technologies, working with core chips and platform companies in strategic cooperation through endogenous expansion.
In the short and medium term, the production orders of the core clients are multiplying as the output of their products increases, and in the medium and long term, the integrated solutions enable the company to grow its performance.
To lead downstream customers at a pace that is expected to enjoy the expected increase in the volume of goods generated by the expansion of industrial markets and the increased profitability of high-value-added products resulting from the upgrading of technological capabilities have an impact on the ability to open up the potential for corporate growth; corporate R & D inputs have had an undesirable impact on corporate outreach.
As one of the leading companies in the global microsound system, known as the capital market, in recent years, companies still have a promising investment opportunity as their ability to develop and produce components and components such as optical, sensor, micro-show, etc., increases in their capabilities for integrated solutions such as precision manufacturing, smart design, etc. The logic we recommend is based on three main aspects:
Short-term logic: valuation returns, and we believe that Gore shares have relative security margins in valuation compared to other companies following the rise of the smart end-of-business chain (primarily the apple industry chain) after the end of the agricultural spring season; Medium-term logic: performance growth, 1) acoustic component upgrades lead to an increase in single machine value, and the share remains stable.
(b) Long-term logic: the transformation of the industry, the gradual transformation of companies from suppliers of spare parts to suppliers of smart manufacturing solutions, and the prospect of further progress towards brands and end-users to enhance market competitiveness.
The report focuses on an analysis of the company's medium-term investment logic, based on our basic assumptions of income- and profit-earning growth in the volume-up of smart terminal microsound devices and in the volume-up of virtual real-world terminal products. Microsound components raise the value of single machines by about 70 per cent for smart cellular end-user core customers, and vr equipment exports increase by 2 million, respectively, over the next three years.
Taking into account the uncertain expectations of the product market, we have conducted separate sensitivity analyses on the value of microsound devices and on the volume of Vr devices delivered: II. Introduction by the company: from acoustic devices to design-manufacturing solutions
In June 2007, a whole change was made in the form of Gol Acoustics Inc. in July 2007 and it was marketed in May 2008 in a deep-seated place. The company’s main business ahead covers such sophisticated and zero components as microsound modules, sensors, microlight modules, virtual reality/enhanced reality, smart clothing, smart sound, robotic/unmanned hardware development, manufacturing and marketing, and has been established in a number of areas.
(i) The history of the company and its equity structure.
Replenishment of equity, transfer of equity and reorganization of assets, which became a joint-stock company in July 2007, with a limited company with Gore acoustic shares, which was listed in May 2008 at the end of the closing ceremony. The company ' s main business has been the development, manufacture and sale of mini-electronic components and consumer-type electrical products from its inception to the market.
In the electricity industry, a sophisticated manufacturing subsidiary was established in November 2012 and the Danish high-end sound brander, dynaudio, was acquired in October 2014.In March 2016, the company joined forces to build a global first-ever 820vr platform, and in June, the company changed its name to Gore.
As reported in 2016, the real owners of the company were Mr. and Mrs. Kang Bin and Mr. Hu, 18.18 per cent of the company ' s shares were held directly by Kang Bin and 25.54 per cent through the first major shareholder, Gole Group Limited, 92.59 per cent by Kang Bin, and 0.71 per cent directly by Hu. In addition, Kang Yong, Kang Bin ' s brother, held 3.36 per cent of the company ' s shares directly.
The company’s main business is electronics and electronic parts. The main products of the company’s traditional business electronics are microphones, microphones, speaker arrays, antenna arrays, wired headphones, wireless headphones, mems sensors, and others.
Electronic components, etc., are used in consumer electronics, represented by smart phones, smart tablets, smart home video games, smart-to-use electronics, etc. The electronic parts business has also been growing rapidly in recent years, with major products such as smart sound products, smart home video game parts, smart-to-use electronics, virtual reality/enhanced reality products, industry-to-business products.
Ar/vr solution, 3d sound solution in vr, 4k shot and image solution, microspeaker antenna II, one module, micromic pressure sensor combination
Its headquarters are located in the capital city of Shandong Province, and after years of internal and external development, it has become a globalized network of research and development, production and marketing, with its core production base located mainly in China and Viet Nam, and its research and development institutions include mainland China, Taiwan, Japan, Korea and the United States.
The strategic layout of globalization is the direction that companies continue to pursue, especially in terms of R & D and talent, with companies focusing on integrating, on a global scale, excellence in multidisciplinary fields such as voice, light, electricity, wireless communication, precision manufacturing, etc.
More than 6,000 people have been deployed in Beijing, Qingdao, the United States, Japan, Germany, Sweden, Denmark, etc., to form a global R & D layout and a 24-hour R & D system.
Optimizing the layout of the industrial chain by increasing the value added and market of industrial services through a gradual shift from oem to odm, jdm. Corporate sales revenue for the entire year 2016 increased by RMB 19.29 billion, or 41.2 per cent, compared to the previous year. In the course of the strategic transition, intelligent homes, smart sound boxes, games, wearing devices, and in the context of the continued expansion of traditional business acoustic components, continue to be developed.
As a result of the strategic transformation of companies, income from electronic components, represented by odm and jdm services, has been growing rapidly.
The same-year increase reached 104.5 per cent, and the share of total revenue also increased significantly from 27.9 per cent in 2015 to 77.8 per cent of total sales revenue in the foreign market in 2016.
Household sales revenue accounts for 56.3% of the main business income, customer concentration has remained stable over the past three years, consumer electronics end, and the close integration of customers with the industrial chain has kept the company’s customers solid. Despite the large number of new entrants to smart terminals and consumer electronics, brand effects have kept the industry’s large customers consumer.
With the sustained growth in companies’ electronic parts manufacturing operations, including ar/vr, smart sound boxes, microscopics, smart wearable devices, smart video games, etc., the company’s large customer strategy will continue at a sustained pace, mainly as a result of a small decline in the profitability of its products during the transformation process and a sustained increase in research and development inputs.
Net profits increased by 54.9 per cent in the fourth quarter of the year compared to the overall year-on-year increase, and the higher performance growth of the traditional boom companies in the second half of the year showed an increase in the competitiveness of firms in the industrial chain, continued changes in the scale effect and management effectiveness of the transformation process Good and increased profitability.
During the transformation of the company, income from the electronic parts business continued to expand, and changes in the structure of the business led to a decline in the overall Māori rate, which has been largely stable in terms of quarterly data changes. In terms of net profitability, the overall level has declined slightly throughout the year, while the net profit rate has been on the rise in the second half of the year, with the expansion of size and the increase in capacity utilization.
As corporate orders continue to grow, and the scale effect is reflected, the profitability of the company is expected to recover steadily. The 2016 business distribution data show a small decline in the company’s Māori ratio, by product and market, and in the process of strategic transformation, the company’s products continue to enrich and the scale effects of the product lines need to be reversed.
This is reflected in the fact that competition in the industry market has also limited profitability. Figure 20: Māori ratio by market distribution (2014-2016). In terms of operating income and profit growth, companies grew rapidly in 2016 in terms of both income and profits.
The Māori ratio has declined slightly as a result of product structure, but quarterly data suggest that Māori and net profit rates have recovered in the second half of the year. We believe that the strategic transformation of companies has yielded initial results and that their profitability is expected to increase as the scale of future electronic parts manufacturing expands.
The company published a quarterly report in 2017, with sales revenue of $4.53 billion, an increase of 68.3 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 22.3 per cent, an increase of 53.9 per cent in the same year.
Cooperation agreement. It is proposed that a series of Strategic Cooperation Agreements be signed between the company kopin and kopin with self-financed funding of US$ 24,664,250 (approximately RMB 170,183,325) to pre-empt the company ' s leading design and manufacturing capabilities with the company kopin in the areas of super-small displays, voice chipes, optical, oled displays, battery technology, virtual reality (vr) and zero components.
In combination with technology and processes, further development and marketing of a range of enhanced (ar) and virtual (vr) systems products, as well as its company's announcement that it agreed to own $50 million (approximately $3475 billion) in sensors, integrated circuits, virtual reality, enhanced reality, acoustics, machine visuals, and wearables for the company's wholly-owned company, Goltek Limited, Hong Kong
High-tech areas such as ready, robotics, drones, advanced manufacturing, software, artificial intelligence and access to goods and related industrial chains. Through strategic cooperation with Kopin, the company’s capacity for optical displays in the field of virtual reality products has been strengthened effectively, combining existing technologies in sound, sensors, manufacturing, etc., to become a fast-track company in the future vr market.
On the other hand, traditional microelectronics still account for a major share of company sales, and with apples upgrading their iphone acoustic components and the permeability of smart box products, represented by Amazonecho, companies will also have new growth opportunities in the area of acoustic products.
Third, the outlook for industrial market analysis: A continuous talk on the upgrading of acoustic components, virtual real-life products, and the emergence of new products.
As the style of the smart end product continues to enrich, the acoustic component as an important component of the human interaction is also continuing the process of upgrading. The traditional microelectronic device as a smartphone component evolves from a single dimension of sound to a stereo, sound effects, waterproof dust, and integration with other components, bringing together the individual components and the single terminal as a whole.
On the other hand, the advent of a new intelligent acoustic product, represented by Amazonecho and Appleairpods, has led to an upgrading of the acoustic product itself, which has led to expectations of new market demand. Virtual reality products, despite their long appearance, have not been recognized in the consumer market until recent years, with packages.
The maturity of various technologies, including optical, acoustic, integrated circuits, platform development, sony, oculus, Microsoft, Samsung, etc.
The use of electronics as the company’s traditional main business, coupled with the spread of smart phones, has become the most important product in the company’s growth and is now one of the leading players in the industry in the field of microelectronics. The application of microelectronics to smart terminals can be divided into two main types, one of which is the integration of components into the end product as smart mobile terminals.
For example, the various components of our smartphones and tablets used to achieve acoustic effects, including mini-speakers, receivers, microphones, etc., and the other type, as stand-alone acoustic products, become parts of the whole system, such as headphones, audio boxes, etc. The two types of electrophones are more similar in their evolution from the past development history, mainly in the context of acoustic effects.
Upgraded, however, as the functions of the smart terminal expand, the future direction of the electrophone device will change.1 Microsound components move from a single dimension of sound to a stereo, waterproof, integrated multi-dimensional development as a representative product of mobile smart terminals, and smartphones have been introduced since 2007 as products represented by iphones.
After almost 10 years of development, which has become an essential part of people’s daily lives, smartphone market penetration has now reached a high level, and growth rates, including that of Appleiphone, are showing signs of slowing down in the future. Despite the saturation of overall levels of smartphone output, the boost in sound quality has led to microphones.
In the future, an increase in the value of single machines in mobile terminals will be a driving force for industrial growth. In mobile terminals and consumer electronics, microelectronics contain mainly loudspeakers, receivers, and microphones, and as the consumer continues its quest for acoustic effects, microphones are used instead of traditional microscopic speakers, and mems microphone products.
Applications can effectively enhance the acoustic properties of smart terminals. Future expansion of social, audio and video entertainment, play games, access to information, payment, etc. Acoustic components as important interactive portals, and enhancement of acoustic properties remain a priority for end-users, with the evolution of neutral voice effects becoming the focus of attention in the near future.
As a relatively high-end concept of stereo effect as an acoustic product, it means not only that it is produced through at least two sound generators on top, but also that it needs to be secured for sound effects such as acoustic expansion. From the current acoustic components of smartphones, dual-speaker design can partially achieve stereo effect, which has been applied in Appleiphone7.
In the future, it is expected that Appleiphone will probably follow the design and that, as we explained earlier, the stereo effect of the two speakers will be only the beginning, and further improvements in the quality of the sound will be the direction that smartphones will gain a better stereo effect, so we expect apples to evolve further. And yet another android manufacturer, in the iphone industry, is expected to upgrade the design.
With the piloting effect, it is also expected that there will be a gradual increase in the upgrading of acoustic components, particularly in medium- and high-end products, if competitiveness is to be enhanced effectively. The upgrading of microelectronic devices, in addition to stereos, also imposes new requirements for the design of products.
From Samsungs7/s7edge to ip68, Apple's new iPhone7 also reached ip67 and is expected to be upgraded to a higher level in iPhone8, with other manufacturers, such as Sony, Mi, Naking, etc., also owning their own waterproof-type products.
The difference between the waterproofing of acoustic components and the structure of the airframes is that it is necessary to achieve both waterproof properties and to ensure acoustic effects, so that special processes that allow air molecules to pass, not water molecules, are required, and are now based on waterproofing membranes.
This will have a positive impact on industrial upgrading by increasing the price of single goods and the difficulty of the process. The ease of mobile terminals allows products to be carried with them, becoming an important boost to the penetration rate, but with the product’s increasing complexity, especially after the advent of the 5g, wireless charge and so on, the number and complexity of antennas are significant.
The increase in the number of functions that need to be performed in a limited space requires integrated design, while acoustic components become viable integration objects. Figure 26: Microspeaker and antenna dichotomy scenarios
Figure 27: Micro-speaker and antenna binary modules Micro-speaker and antenna binary modules not only serve as antennas, but also function as speakers. This design is designed to reduce material costs and manual costs and effectively save structural space and is now widely applied to electronic products, especially hands.
In addition to the antennas, smart terminals become an important part of people's daily lives, the various sensors are configured to function in an important direction of intelligence by collecting different signals. The increase in the number of sensors corresponds to the increase in the number of sensors.
The contradiction between the thinning of smart terminals has been integrated into a solution, and the acoustic components have been integrated with sensors. Micromics and pressure sensors are integrated modules that can be used not only as microphones, but also as sensors.
In addition to the stereos, waterproofs, and integrated designs that we have analysed above, noise reduction through increased microphones, closed loop sound control through software algorithm upgrades are also the way to upgrade cellular microsound devices. Product performance upgrades are reflected in the city.
The size of the field is based mainly on an increase in the price of a single component and an increase in the value of an acoustic component in a single end product. For example, the achievement of a stereo effect is mainly achieved through an increase in the number of loudspeakers, with an expected increase in the value of a single item of about 100 per cent, while a full-time increase in the value of an expected 30 per cent, while waterproofing is an expected increase in the value of an overall acoustic package of about 30 per cent, with other elements including integration.
Another end-product style of microelectronic products is a variety of acoustic products and accessories, the most common form being audio and headphones, where voice interaction is considered the closest to nature in the human interaction mode in the evolution of mobile Internet access.
This acoustic product has become an important entry point for intelligent lifestyles, and its own development is inevitably moving in the direction of intellectual upgrading. Among intelligent electrosonic components, Amazon's smart audio box, echo, and apple's wireless headphones are interesting examples of products.
In November 2014, Amazon set up a smart audio product on its official website with alexa's intellectual assistant, amazonecho, which includes the same series of products as Chodot, echo and tap, with echo as a standard version.
Dot and tap, respectively, are simplified and portable products. They look just like normal bluetooth boxes. Users activate the device by saying the active command "alexa" in language, and then respond to the user's needs. In addition to the basic function of playing music, the product can also be presented to the user.
All output from the product is done through audio, and the user can use simple finger echo's intelligence function through the alexa voice service package developed in the Amazon, where alexa is built.
The cloud service, which can use other types of services available in the Amazon, and the development tools that Amazons provide to third parties, can be integrated into their products through alexaapi, allowing equipment manufacturers to use alexa to control their own products, which makes alexa an interactive hub for controlling other household devices.
As can be seen from the list, the number of products sku capable of alexa service has reached 122. According to the Amazon description of the product structure of echo, and the dismantling of the website for the dismantling of the product, a 2.5-inch bastion unit, a 2-inch high-speaker and seven microphone arrays were used to enable the product to be produced.
Effective identification of users for products in a noisy environment, and in the use of multiple products at the same time, effective digitalmedia processor, equipped with 256mbram+4gb memory combinations, supported qualcommatheroswifi, built-in eccho since its launch in November 2014, despite the lack of market penetration in the previous Amazon, should be available in terms of quantities.
Although the Amazon did not disclose the exact quantity of echo (including echo, dot, tab), it disclosed in its financial statements for the fourth quarter of 2016 that the volume of products sold on a false date had increased ninefold, while the sales of companies such as cirp, rbccapitamarket, morganstanley and others had measured the volume of products since the sale.
Research data from emarketer show that echo accounts for more than 70% of the market share of voice-control equipment, while the number of U.S. users' product activation data has increased by 130%. In addition to Amazon and Google, which have already formed products in the market, Microsoft released a joint audio service in May 2017.
The equipment manufacturer, Harman Carton, built a smart soundbox invoke, built up a cortana voice assistant. As Siri, a mature voice interaction company, is expected to become the next manufacturer to launch the product.
Figure 34: Global voice control assistant equipment delivery (2015-2020e) Figure 35: US voice assistant product market share (based on 2017 activation measurements)
Box product homepod is published and currently plays music, with smart home functions, with seven speakers arrays, six Mac-Koree arrays, and one low-frequency speaker. From smart terminals and Internet giants joining the line, the market is looking forward.
The forward-looking evolution, in which Apple's wireless bluetooth earphones have received sustained market attention since their release, has also become an important landmark product for leading the development of the industry. Headphones have appeared since the 19th century as communication components, and have become a listening to music product for over a century.
Mainly around the transmission utility of audio, the improvement of sound efficiency and the ease of transmission. In the mode of transmission, the development of wireless headphones is the result of continuous efforts by major companies to make it easy. They have undergone technological upgrades such as fm FM, infrared, 2.4g technology, bluetooth, kleer, etc., and improvements in transfer bandwidth, speed, hearing quality, and production costs have made wireless headphones possible.
Apple's ongoing innovation in electronics has been the focus of industry's attention, as has its wireless headphones, which were launched at the launch in the fall of September 2016.
In addition to traditional voice and music appreciation functions, its intelligent design is the source of the potential for industrial change. The new chip w1 built in apples in the airpods allows the headphones to play with stability, connectivity, and effective battery management, which increases the ability to continue.
Sensors, infrared sensors, etc., work together with w1 so that products can be intelligently sensed about the user's use environment, and thus provide the right model, with the desired effect. In our view, the intelligence of airpods is mainly in two ways. First, built-in motion acceleration sensors can sense it.
By the user's touch, the siri is activated by a light spot, the device is operated by voice, using Siri's smart voice, cloud service, and the airpods can perform a similar function to the echo that we introduced earlier. Also, the w1 chip provides an intelligent connection between the airpods and various apple devices, allowing users to switch to other apple devices that are in use.
After the launch in September of the smart home platform homekit framework, which is now being actively promoted, the airpods have had the opportunity to become home-based intelligent, and despite the fact that the market was being released at a time when the market was finally on the market, there was a very short supply of goods, but after the market, the market had a very good market effect from slitentelligence.
Statistics released in January 2017 show that after the introduction of airpods, nearly 25 per cent of the market share was obtained, and apples, combined with existing beats headphones, accounted for about 40 per cent of the entire wireless headphone market. According to the Sliceintelligence data, the sales of wireless headphones now account for 75 per cent of the entire headphone market.
We believe that the intelligentness of the headphones led by the airpods makes the traditional headphones no longer a simple voice transmission device, but rather an intellectually controlled portal that will further boost the size of the product market. (ii) Virtual realities are on the rise, and integrated solutions open up the potential for corporate growth.
Acoustic products are the basic business that companies are widely recognized as in the market, and the company's shares have been referred to as “Golsonics” since they were listed in 2008. However, the company has never been satisfied with being a mere supplier in the field of electronic zero components, hoping that it will be able to find its own brand position in the future through sustained investment and advancement in intelligent manufacturing.
Attempts to start with products such as bluetooth headphones, smart 3d glasses have created a technological reserve for companies with a wealth of production experience and related product components, and as the vr/ar market has continued to heat in recent years, the company has successfully entered the supply chain system of international front-line producers, opening up new potential for the company to grow in its future performance.
The vr/ar product has become a hot spot of interest for industry and capital markets in the last two years, yet its prototype dates back to the 1950s and 1960s, when the more recognized product prototype was invented by the photographer Mortonheilig, a 3d interactive terminal for an integrated sense device, integrated into 3d monitors, stereo sound tanks, smell generators and vibrating seats.
Because of its size, it was difficult to effectively commercialize mainstream products, although it was experienced well at the time. Since then, Flying Song has developed a headwatch that integrates the cttv surveillance system and head-tracking features, which can be seen as a prototype of a portable product, but the main function of the product is to browse hidden information rather than entertainment.
Vr/ar products have developed over the years since then, with demand for video, entertainment, games, consumption and government needs such as aviation, space, military, etc. driving the development of relevant products and technologies, but overall commercialization has been slow. With the maturity and abundance of key products and applications of mobile smart terminals, vr/ar has re-established
It has gained market attention, including the introduction of products by brand manufacturers such as oculus, sony, htc, google, samsung, and the rapid growth of the industry. According to data from technavio, the global market of vr/ar reached $6.07 billion in 2016.
In the next five years, the size of the market and the volume of the product will remain at 41.5 per cent vr/ar, respectively, covering mainly the types of vr helmets, vr boxes, smart glasses and headwear monitors. In terms of income in 2016, despite the low unit price of the vr box, the volume of the product still occupies the market.
The main share of the field, but as the technical barriers to other integrated products gradually break out, other types of future product markets take over, depending on the distribution of end-users, the main customers come from consumer end markets, corporate markets and defence force labour markets, the end-of-side markets occupy the main market share, and the core of consumption demand comes from video games and entertainment, and the demand of company customers comes from corporate customers.
Players can have traditional games in vr that do not work well, so from the vr content market, game content takes over the manufacturer's perspective, software and hardware suppliers such as oculus, sony, samsung, htc continue to develop new products in the game field, while more players, mainly games and content, participate as content applications develop platforms become more mature and open.
The number of producers continues to increase and the market maintains high heat. Figure 50: Sony published 12 vr games in October 2016. Figure 51: oculus published 6 vr games in March 2017.
Companies are deeply involved in the virtual reality area: in terms of market channels, companies have established long-term and efficient partnerships with mainstream international equipment manufacturers, whose odm and jdm capabilities have been recognized by clients; in terms of products, the company ' s products have become market-scale and become one of the leading firms in the industry; in terms of technology research and development, firms have developed and developed externally through endogenous development.
The company’s solar customers account for an important share of the global game market, and the recent introduction of vr products continues to suffer.
Market concerns, based on the data released by idc in the first quarter of 2017, suggest that solar producers have high volumes, and that Trendforce has higher forecasts for its output for the whole of 2017 than other major competitors. For its customers, the high standards of hardware product characteristics, combined with the continued dynamism of software applications, make the product market expanding to be expected.
Technically, the vr system contains two components of hardware and software, among which the hardware product consists mainly of processor equipment and vr processors: it is the core processing unit of the entire system, equivalent to the cpu+gpu function of a personal computer, which is responsible for the integrated processing of image modelling, element rendering, light processing, texture processing, output images, etc. of the vr system.
At the 2017 mwc exhibition, the company officially announced the launch of its second-generation virtual one machine reference design platform, which uses the high-tone 835 mobile platform. The platform could provide customized vr product design to shorten the research and development cycle and speed up the marketing of the product. Through intensive partnerships, the company is expected to build a company in the core processor platform area.
The input component is an interface between virtual reality systems and users, requiring the collection of behaviors and information from users through various sensors in the form of tracking devices, key input devices, biological controllers, voice collectors, etc.
Sensors are an important part of all types of equipment, including sensors such as position, electromagnetic field, machinery, optical, gyroscopes and so on.
Pressure-temperature sensors Optical sensors, as part and part suppliers of mobile terminals, have many years of experience in the field of acoustic components, consuming electricity of all kinds.
Substatic pressure sensors, as well as high-performance capacitor pressure sensors, have mature R & D production systems, and companies can further develop the autonomous maturity and competitiveness of sensor products through endogenous expansion. Output component: a virtual reality system that feeds users and creates simulations of the real environment, mainly by transmitting packages to users
The company has accumulated a significant pool of technical expertise in optical and acoustic output of mobile smart terminals, and has achieved technological breakthroughs in the area of vr through targeted research and development. At the same time, the company is continuously refining the spelling of the components in its outreach expansion.
Figure. The acquisition of m3d in Denmark in 2015 focused on upgrading the company ' s 3d audio enhancement algorithms, 3d sound positioning techniques and high-density mixing algorithms in order to achieve a better immersion in hearing, and the company ' s incorporation into the stock kopin company in January 2017 and the signing of a strategic convergence agreement clearly helped to build companies ' capacity in immersion displays.
IV. Valuation analysis and investment proposals, as we can see from earlier analyses, the upgrading of acoustic products and the increase in the volume of products delivered by virtual reality are the main drivers of growth in corporate performance.
The company's product lines are rich, its overall business strategy is to produce and process orders according to the customer's demand for the product and the company's available technical capabilities, with less capacity constraints, so that revenue movements depend mainly on the overall size of the demand for the end product from downstream customers themselves, combined with the company's ability to obtain orders in competition, and we mainly use customers for business income projections.
The size of demand, the ratio of company orders, and changes in unit prices are measured. In terms of profitability, intra-industry Māori rates are often measured at cost, there are differences in the Māori rates of autonomous production and assembly of integrated processed tea products, self-sufficiency rates determine the Māori rate of the product, and other cost-related R&D inputs are growing steadily, while capital expenditures are changing on a cyclical basis.
In terms of valuation analysis and investment recommendations, we believe that, given the company ' s continued profitability and industry comparability, we have used the MPR method primarily to arrive at our investment proposals in comparison with the MPR and MPR valuation methods. The main assumptions for operating income are:
During the year, the company’s share will remain stable, and the size of the output of the customer’s end-products will continue to grow at a modest rate as expected by the market, so that the overall volume of demand will remain largely stable. It is a matter of concern that the company’s share of the market will continue to expand through the expansion of channels for Asian customers, including mainland producers, as a result of the stereo effect of the electronic sound devices, waterproofing, etc.
As the concentration of downstream branders increases, the overall demand for the company’s output will continue to expand. But, unlike its core customers in Europe and America, Asian manufacturers are expected to remain stable in terms of the value of single-organic electrophone devices.
The share of mems sensor-type products is large and is the main direction in which companies continue to invest, while other products are relatively small or market mature. Virtual reality-type products are now suppliers of major global producers such as sony, oculus, etc.
The size will increase rapidly, and the prices of the products will be expected to decline steadily. More products can be worn, similar to the end demand of the virtual real-class product market, with an overall price reduction pattern, but the volume of goods coming out is growing at a slower rate than the virtual real-world product.
In addition to selling the mems sensor product as an electrophone product, there is a separate sale as an integral product, which is concentrated in the end-user, and the demand is relatively stable, so that the size of the company’s collections remains stable. For other products, we expect that the size of the company’s collections will sustain the industry’s average growth rate.
The main assumptions of profitability are: in terms of the Māori ratio of products, the Māori ratio of the products of the electrophone devices has remained largely stable according to the distribution of clients and products, and the change in the Māori rate of the combined Māori ratio is largely dependent on changes in the product structure. In terms of the electronic parts business, Māori rates of the virtual real category of products follow the self-sufficiency rate
On the other hand, R & D inputs have increased slightly, depending on the growth in the number of R & D staff and the small increase in the annual cost per R & D staff, the related out-of-service revenue of government subsidies has been maintained as a reasonable share of total income, and the size of capital expenditure has remained relatively high for two years.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we have obtained the following overall profit forecast for Gore shares: In terms of valuation analysis and investment proposals, we believe that the company, as a producer of electronics and electronic parts, continues to be profitable.
The company’s main client is the Euro-American core client, so we're focusing on the chain of business of the relevant client when selecting the comparable target. From the above table, we can see that the average market gain in 2017 is consistent with the market in 2017, based on the industry’s projections.
(b) Market competition has an impact on product prices and profitability;
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data