The growth of new products from the built-up advantages of the inner-life extension is accelerated by the overall solution provider for the locator light device of the Fertilde (300394.sz), which has been accumulated for almost 20 years.
To benefit from the growth of the global telecommunications industry, net profits from corporate collections and repatriations have been growing at a high rate, capr has passed by 20 percent and maintains a high profit margin.
The company uses Suzhou as its headquarters and research and development centre, Japan, Shenzhen as its research and development branch, with R & D costs at around 10%, and the number of R & D patents continuously rises. The company pushes for globalization, adopting a direct sales model for large customers.
Zhang Jianyu base, which secures the delivery of mass-based products, has started to build production bases in South-East Asia. Divisions have been set up in Hong Kong, China, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Japan, the United States, etc.
Companies are expanding their product categories using an endogenous and extended development model. Companies are now focusing mainly on lightless and light-sourced devices, which now form 13 product lines and eight solutions.
In the context of sustained growth in flows, benefiting from the development of both telecommunications and digital markets, the volume of light-module shipments has increased year by year and has been constantly updated at the technical level, thus driving upstream demand for lightware markets.
While operators are pushing ahead with the construction of 5g base stations, 5g base stations require much more light modules than 4g base stations, the 5g network needs more base stations to cover. At the same time, 5g gigagrams of light upgrades drive the use of light modules.
Thanks to the development of cloud computing technology, the global data centre market has steadily increased, with $4.377 billion per year in the luminous modules, with a compound annual growth rate of 6.77 per cent. Companies have benefited fully from the rapid development of the light communications industry, with rising volumes of goods.
The company’s vision, pre-positioned high-speed light engine technology, and its technological edge are maintained. Light-guided applications are rich, including traditional high-speed modules such as 400g, 800g, and cpo switches.
There is a significant increase in value compared to the company’s previous products. The company’s accumulation in the field of photocommunications, the layout of the laser radar industrial chain, allows the laser radar plant to agree on the production of a lightware product that meets the performance requirements and has now provided a small batch of laser radar manufacturers.
The investment proposal is that the company will continue to expand its new product class as a pole of lightware, opening up the second curve of corporate growth. A combination of historical averages, industry averages, and industry status will give the company 35 times the price.
The business development of new products does not match the expected risks: if the future expansion of this part of the company’s new domain does not meet expectations, it may not have a positive effect on the company’s long-term performance. The risk of exchange rate fluctuations is that the company’s overseas earnings are higher and will be affected by foreign exchange fluctuations.
1. Lead Integrated Solutions Provider for the Light Device Platform
In 2015, the company was listed on the Shenzhen business board and raised funds for the construction of the “high-speed light device” project.
A rich company has accumulated technology in optical lenses, optical plating, etc. Companies have been active in new areas, using existing technological platforms to expand the use of optical device products in laser radar and medical detection, and have continued to contribute to the growth of corporate performance.
The company owns 13 product lines.8 large solutions. The 13 product lines are divided mainly into unsourced and unsourced product lines: the company started its business with oxidized ceramics and expanded downstream to fibre optic adapters and photovoltaic components, forming three of the company’s early main products. The company then cuts across the board through R & D, M & A, etc.
To develop, the product lines, such as separators, molding, fibre-optic lenses, have been expanded. Through continuous integration of technology and products, they have developed into platform-type product providers.
Osaoem/odm and box/to encapsulate two product lines. In 2021, to capture the wind of the time, the company extended the industrial chain and further expanded the industrial chain of the high-speed light engine, targeting mainly 400g, 800g high-speed communications markets, which could be applied in the future in downstream non-communication areas, including laser radars, medical tests, etc.
1.1 The firm's equity structure stabilizes the division of labour among its subsidiaries. The firm's equity structure is concentrated, with Zou Juntao and Euro-Boys as actual controllers of the company.The company actively promotes the global industrial landscape and forms a global marketing technology support network that collaborates in a structured division of labour.
With Suzhou as its headquarters and research and development centre, Japan, Shenzhen, and Jiangxi as research and development branches and production bases, guaranteeing the quality and timeliness of product-scale production delivery, the company has initiated the establishment of a South-East Asia production base.
A global network of marketing technology support is set up sequentially with divisions, subsidiaries, and a structured division of labour collaboration.1.2 Corporate management has a strong stake in the implementation of benefit-sharing mechanisms 1.2 Corporate core management teams have extensive industry experience.
Companies have introduced equity incentives to implement long-term benefit-sharing mechanisms between companies and their core workforces. The first stock options and restricted equity incentives were introduced in 2018, giving incentives aggregate benefits to the target audience.
Three hundred and forty-four thousand. Incentives targeted 144 people, including company directors, senior managers, core managers and nuclear companies, who introduced the second restricted equity incentive scheme in 2021, to award limited stock shares of 2.021 million. Incentives targeted 247 people, including company directors, senior managers, core cadres.
The company has consistently adhered to the concept of development “with R & D at the forefront” and has adopted an autonomous R & D model in its efforts to enhance the company's core competitiveness in the field of optical devices through sustained and increased R & D inputs.
The cost of R & D in companies has been growing year by year, and R & D has remained at around 10% in recent years. In 2022, R & D costs in companies q3 amounted to 96 million yuan, representing 10.81% of R & D costs.
Companies are focusing on research and development, and the number of patents is increasing. Investment projects are the high-speed light device project and the high-speed light engine construction project for 5 g and data centres.
Households provide support components and upgrade existing production techniques. The project will produce additional high-speed light devices after delivery, consolidating the company’s position in the light communications segment market.
The laser chip integrated high-speed light engine, and the high-speed light engine developed with zero components. The high-speed light engine is the core instrument of the high-speed light, and is widely used in telecommunications and data centres. The project will enable the company to upgrade its transformation from a separate component to a mixed integrated light engine platform and continuously expand its market size.
1.4 Companies use the “direct sales + large customers” model to focus on the lightless and unsourced product lines.
The company uses a large-client model, and its top five clients account for a higher share of their income. Companies now build up well-known luminous telecommunication companies in the country, including fire communications, Chinese industries, Chinese communications, etc.
Companies focus on unsourced products for core business, and continue to expand overseas markets. Unsourced products are the company’s core business as the company’s start-up product.
In recent years, companies have continued to enrich their source-based product lines through research, mergers and acquisitions by the Ministry of Internal Affairs, and in the future, the share of light-based devices will increase as the company’s revenues from light engine operations materialize.
Thanks to the company’s global industrial layout, its share of overseas revenues has continued to rise in recent years. The overseas share of 1.5 companies has performed well in terms of high-growth profitability in the sale of optical devices.
The company's production of optical communications components reached an all-time high in 2022, with an increase of 30.11 per cent in the same year: the same sales were recorded at an all-time high of 18.928 million items, an increase of 10.7 per cent in the same year.
Corporate operating income and net return earnings have been growing at a high rate and performing well.The company’s operating income has been growing at a high rate, rising from $144 million in 2012 to 16.82 per cent in 2022.
The net return profits of companies are also showing high growth, from $55 million in 2012 to 1.6 companies maintaining a high level of cost control and good profitability, with good corporate cost controls and cost ratios within a range.
The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate were both relatively high in previous years, with a net profit of 31.33% for q3 in 2022. The Māori rate showed a steady and moderate decline, mainly due to a gradual increase in the share of source devices.
In terms of products, the rate is higher than the rate of the source than the source. The company’s sourceless device started early, accumulated competitive advantages in terms of R & D technology, people, process, automation, etc., and kept the rate of the sourceless device.
The level of Māori is significantly lower than the level of unsourced business, as the source device itself is much larger in size and more competitive, and companies are later entrants. By region, Māori overseas is higher than domestic business.
The Māori rate is higher in the lower overseas market. The decline in Māori rates in the company ' s overseas market in 2021 was mainly due to the company ' s acquisition of Arctic photovoltaic in August 2020, and the higher share of overseas sales and lower Māori rates in the Arctic.
The Māori rate and the net interest rate of companies are long high in the industry. We have selected other companies in the industry for comparison: photovoltaic technology, photobank technology, creative technology, and solar light.
Figure 17: Wirtschaftsprüfer communications versus comparable net interest rates of companies The flow ratio and speed ratio of companies are at the upstream level of the industry. We have selected other public departments in the industry: photovoltaic technology, photobank technology, creative technology, and too-temperature.
In the third quarter of 2022, corporate mobility and speed ratios were 6.63 and 6.02, respectively, compared to the same period last year. The surge in mobility and speed ratios in 2021 was mainly due to the collection of funds for book entry from targeted additional projects.
In the case of accounts receivable, there has been a steady and slight decline in recent years, reflecting the company ' s continued strengthening of its repayment management and the lower number of company accounts receivable days compared to industry companies.
Figure 21: Fold communications versus comparable corporate accounts receivable days 2. Growth in demand in the lightware industry to maintain a high rate of growth in the construction of the pull light module 2.15g
The number of 5g base stations has increased steadily, as the new 5g infrastructure has grown, and the three major operators have been pushing ahead with the construction of the 5g base station. The number of 5g base stations has continued to increase in 2020 – a year of massive construction – and the number of new 5g base stations has reached 887,000 in 2022.
The capital expenditure of the operators has evolved over the entire network-building cycle. The capital expenditure of the three major operators is expected to remain stable as a whole in 2023, with a shift in the capital-expenditure structure, from 5g to 5g, carrying a network that provides the basis for a network connection between 5g wireless and core networks.
So, there is a marked increase in the number of light modules in the configuration of the 5g carrier network base station. *4g base station uses a two-tier structure consisting of forward and return only, with two to four pairs of light modules required for building a single 4g base station. *5g carrier network can be divided into forward, middle and return, with 5 to 8 pairs of light modules required for a single 5g base station.
The construction of the light module requires much more than the construction of the 4g network, while the 5g network requires more base stations to cover it, so the 5g network requires more light modules.  Global telecommunications side (including forward, middle and core wave markets, excluding ftx fibre access markets, etc.)
The demand for light module markets continued to rise, with market size increasing from $1,522 million in 2016 to $2,473 million in 2021.
Broadband China promotes fibre-optic networks, with 5g gigawatt-optic network upgrades driving the use of light modules. evfttx fibre access is one of the most used scenarios of the world’s light modules, with a large transfer capacity for pon technology, which is relatively low cost, simple to maintain, and is economically efficient for current fibre-optic access.
While the current pon technology upgrades to 10 gpon, the current mainstream pon/gpon technology uses 1.25 g/2.5 g photochips and transitions to 10 g light chips, the global market for ftx modules has grown rapidly, reaching a market size of $523 million in 2021.
2.2 The demand for luminous modules for industrial development benefits from the development of cloud computing technology, and the market size of the data centres has steadily increased.
We believe that as the entire cloud computing industry continues to develop, the market size of the data centres is expected to increase. The market size of the full-scale digital cell is growing rapidly, benefiting from the large-scale construction of the global data centre.
The data centre light module market grew from $3.155 billion in 2016 to $4.377 billion in 2021, with an annual compound growth rate of 6.77 per cent.
The optical communications industry chain can be divided into photochip, light components, lightware, light module and light communication equipment. The main differences in the luminous device are found in the photochip, where high-end optical devices are supplied mainly by foreign suppliers, and where overall competition in the field of optical devices is fragmented. Unlike the higher concentration in downstream light module markets, it is upstream.
While the number of participating manufacturers is high, the overall pattern of competition is more fragmented. Moreover, the production of different optical devices requires different equipment, and technological R & D needs to be reconfigured.
Domestic light module manufacturers are catching up and increasing competitiveness. 6 of them: innolignt (Innovation Technology), Huan (Heath), Hisense (Hispanic Broadband),
According to yole, in the 2020 global market for light modules, national producers are at the top. The high cost of light devices in light modules is a central factor in determining the price of light modules.
In the intermediate light module, the cost of light devices amounted to 73 per cent and the cost of circuit chips to 18 per cent. 48 per cent of the cost of light-launching components, dominated by lasers, and 32 per cent of the cost of receiving components, dominated by detectors, a total of close to 80 per cent.
In the context of sustained growth in traffic, the demand for light modules in the new electricity and digital markets will persist and will be constantly updated at the technical level, leading to a steady increase in upstream demand for light devices.
2.4 In the field of data centres, in order to reduce signal decay, system power consumption and costs, the light module will transition from plug-in to photoelectric co-encapsulation technology (cpo).
cpo refers to the exchange of asic chips and silicon light engines, which are co-encaptured on the same high-speed main plate, npo is the transition form of the pcb base plate that separates the light module from the exchange chip, npo is the cpo, which reduces the distance between the exchange chip and the light module and ensures high-quality transmission of the signal.
Externally, integration has increased the concentration of components to facilitate the introduction of cooler liquid cooling. cpo shipments are expected to start at ports 800g and 1.6t, and are expected to start on a large commercial scale from 2024 to 2025, and on a larger scale from 2026 to 2027, mainly in the short and medium run of super-large cloud service providers.
The high-speed light engine is a higher-integration, higher-valued optical device. The high-speed light engine is integrated on the basis of a photochip encapsulation, such as a sophisticated microoptic component, a sophisticated mechanical component, and a high-speed light engine.
Isolators, optical conductors, etc., perform light signal transmission and reception functions. The high-speed light engine is a further integration of light devices and photovoltaic chips. As the speed of light modules increases, the demand for light engines increases in the future.
2.5 High-speed high-speed engine technology, high-sighted, pre-positioned high-speed engine technology, and technological excellence. Light engine applications are rich, including traditional high-speed high-speed modules such as 400g, 800g, cpo switches, and more light-connected collars.
Domains. Values are significantly higher than the simple non-sourced and sourced devices that the company had previously made. 2021, the project to build a high-speed light engine for 5 g and data centres was well under way, the product was transferred from a small batch to bulk production, and the company moved from a separate component to a mixed integrated light device.
In our view, the high-speed engine construction project will help companies to upgrade their core R & D capabilities, improve their strategic core R & D capabilities, and reduce the cost of their products. On the other hand, it will enrich their core production.
The strategic layout of the products meets the market demand for high-speed light engine products for 5g and data centre construction, moving towards high technology thresholds, vertical extension of high-value-added products, and providing a holistic solution for downstream light module customers.
3.1 The market for laser radars shows a high rate of growth. Laser radars, the “Eye of Machines”, are widely used in the unmanned and robotic fields. Laser radars are a signal processing of lasers by firing and receiving lasers, thus obtaining the range of objects around them.
The structure of laser radar can be divided into launch modules, reception modules, scanning modules (some of which are available on laser radar) and control and processing modules. These include lasers, laser drivers, firing and receiving optical lenses, detectors.
(apd et al.), simulate the front end (tia et cetera), dsp (digital signal processor), master control chips, etc. Launching modules are made of lasers, laser-driven and emission optical systems. Laser senders, beam controllers adjust the direction and line number of laser beams, and end up with laser beams from optical systems.
The receiving module consists of receiving optical systems, detectors and simulation front end. The receiving system receives, the detectors receive laser beams that reflect the target object and generate signals.
Processing module computing analysis, with information on the distance of the target object etc. Figure 38: Laser Radar Basic Structures Laser Radar Markets flourishing and showing a high rate of growth. Benefiting from the speed of the entire autopilot industry
According to the data from yole, the global laser radar market was $2.02 billion in 2021, and the global laser radar industry showed a heated pattern compared to growth, with domestic manufacturers gaining momentum.
The industry has an early advantage; domestic manufacturers start late, but are closing the gap with foreign producers. The main laser radar producers abroad include Trimble, Hexagonab, velodene, luminar, valeo, etc.
The country’s main laser radar producers include turbo technology, quick-temperate conglomerates, radish intelligence, one-way technology, and the Greater Borders, among others. According to Yole, the share of Trimble and Hexagonab is divided into the first and second places.
Laser Radar's “Ride to the Cars” promotes the use of laser radars in automobiles. Since 2021, more and more car factories have applied laser radars to autopilots, and new forces from China have begun to mount laser radars in their own cars.
3.2 Mechanical laser radars cover more high-tech routes with continuous overlaps. Mechanical laser radars are higher, and the solid state fmcw will be the final mainstream solution. According to yole data, the mechanical laser radars currently account for about 66%, with long-term viewing of the laser radar technology rotation.
Mechanical Laser Radar: The main technological route of the past decade or so. It is large and, in addition, because of the complexity of the mechanical structure, it is costly and difficult to reduce. It is widely recognized that it is not able to meet the requirements of the Car Code level.
Semi-solid laser radar: is the current mainstream technology route. It's smaller than the mechanical scan view, but it's less large and less costly at the same time because of the reduced number of removable devices. The current mainstream semi-solid technology route is divided into mirrors and mems.
● Solid-state laser radar: is widely recognized as a future mainstream technology route. There are basically no mobile components, with the advantages of high resolution, small size, etc. But the technology is not yet mature, and how to control it is going to be a problem that will need to be solved in the future.
Laser radars with a current wavelength of 905 nm account for a higher share of the market. Yole reported that in 2021, 905 nm of laser radar accounted for 69% of the market share.
Nearer to visible light, retinas are more sensitive to it and have a certain degree of harm to the human eye. ~1550nm is one of the most widely used sources of light in light communication, which is less harmful to the human eye and easily meets the requirements of car regulations, but because of its susceptibility to water, adaptation to the environment is a technical issue that needs to be addressed and addressed.
This is also a large short plate. 3.3 light modules are technically similar to laser radars. Light modules and laser radars have a certain degree of technical and structural similarities, and therefore for lightware manufacturers.
In other words, there is the ability to quickly transform and expand the new direction of laser radar. For the internal components of the light module to be deconstructed, optical elements such as lenses, prisms, filters, and other types of fibre optics are also required.
A horizontal extension of the application can be achieved by the manufacturer. Besides, for laser radars with a light source of 1550 nm, because the light source itself is a fibre-optic laser, the fibre-optic device required for the spectrometer can also be reused.
Taking as an example the semi-solid laser radar currently in the mainstream, its structure can be divided into launch modules, receiving modules, scanning modules and signal processing modules, which include lasers, detectors, and luminous light, which also require photoreser components (tosa) and light reception.
(rosa) components, consisting mainly of lasers, detectors, optical devices, etc.
The company can customize lightware products for laser radar manufacturers that meet the performance requirements and have fast-scale delivery capacity. * The products are currently mainly fibre-optic lens array product lines, lenses & prisms, laser radar filters, fluorescents.
Photofilms, active modules and associated optical components, in which the filters are mainly used in the laser radar reception end, the source module in the dry laser radar reception module, and the laser radar manufacturers, because of their different technical routes, are also responsible for product patterns and technical indicators of demand for light devices.
In a different way, the company is now providing small-volume product delivery to some laser radar manufacturers, and has organized a dedicated follow-up that is expected to benefit from the high-speed growth dividend of the laser radar market. The company can quickly cut in, depending on its core plating technology and optical component advantage, after acquiring the Arctic photovoltaic.
In addition, the company’s commercialization of products in the field of medical testing is continuing, with multiple zero-to-one breakthroughs in markets outside the field of optical communications, the consolidation of the product base, and the sustained spread of land for future development.
The demand for the credit market and the digital market, and the rapid growth of the company's passive devices in the laser radar market, the collection of light-sourced devices: the company's active expansion of its active equipment business, the progressive release of its high-speed light engine production, the achievement of bulk production, the increase in the value of the combined products, the continued rapid growth of the harvest, and the stability of the Maori rate
The average market gain since the company was listed is 37.8 times higher. The company is still in a period of rapid growth, with its operating income and net return profits rising year by year, and its current low valuation level, with the company continuing to expand its new product class as a lightweight, trying to open up the second curve of corporate growth.
If global economic growth slows down or falls into recessions, major customers shrink capital spending.
The light communication industry will be exposed to less than expected demand. Companies, as equipment suppliers upstream of light communications, may not be able to achieve sustained performance growth.
A profit projection assumes the risk of a deviation from the real situation. We predict the performance of the public sector mainly through a growth rate of revenue, a Māori rate, and a certain deviation between a profit projection and an actual business outcome if the assumptions are not as good as expected.
JANG Jianyu, Master of Engineering, Beijing University of Science and Technology, who has been working in China and China for several years, joined the Port of Shin securities in November 2021 as a research analyst. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
An investor's Port-Services Co. Ltd. (“the company”) is an institution that has the legal qualifications to consult on portfolio investment. Investors should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and take their own investment risks.
Does not concern the company or the author. The company does not bear any direct or indirect loss or any other loss associated with the use of the material contained in this report.