We've been following the dairy industry on a continuous basis in the recent past, with the following feedback: the rising demand for white milk in the wake of the epidemic.
Continuing, the channels have been well sold since q2, the purchase of grants during the 51-year period has contributed to further optimization, and stocks have increased slightly after that, maintaining a healthy level; the supply and demand of original upstream milk has been tight and the promotion under the line has been strong since 2 has been good, stock has been good, and competition has decreased.
Promotional marketing remains benign, warm white milk (Golden) and Ammush are growing better, the share of milk powder sales continues to rise, and during the course of the 51-year period, there has been a cut-off gift campaign for basic white milk, gold, Ammush and some new items (e.g. organic, fantastical, intense, etc.), which has been further optimized, stocked and sold.
In terms of fees, the demand for and supply of the original upstream milk continue to be tight. According to the channel, 21q2 costs were spent to a lesser extent than 18 years and slightly higher than in the same period in 19 years, and the overall level of competition remained unchanged than in previous years.
▪ 21 years of revenue profit claims are more balanced, with active attention paid to corporate strategic adjustments and internal optimization. Companies are successfully completed. At the same time, Eli is actively pursuing strategic adjustments, on the one hand, increasing demand for white milk in the wake of the epidemic, and on the other hand, the company's ongoing efforts to optimize the structure of its products, and on the other hand, the share of the sale of milk powder, which is worth the country's production.
Uplifting the dividend period and increasing support for milk powder operations, such as the full-scale upgrading of gold crowns, the introduction of new high-end products such as machine powder, lamb powder, a2, and the strengthening of mother-and-child, power-market channels, which are now largely in place; in addition, high-growth operations are being upgraded in product structures, team configurations, etc.
The Department of Cheese Business is accelerating the recruitment and marketing of Erie shares (600887), which are increasing the number of people, mineral water, plant selection, etc., in terms of product promotion, terminal laying, and channel promotion.
Back to robust, strategic layout long term to 30xpe, at the lower center of historical valuations, while valuing value in food and beverage plates 2, Ely shares (600887), ring comparison
In the short term, in the run-up to the high base month of the H2 season, catalysts such as promotion and marketing, cost optimization, etc., will increase.
In the medium term, the original milk costs go up, the industry competes less, and in the long run, the company goes up.
Control of the milk of the raisin, enhancement of the terminal channels, diversification of the stocks of products, determined progress towards greater health, and approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board by Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., which has an investment advisory board on securities