Iri shares (600887), construction of additional capacity, distribution of the whole industry chain Incident: On 5 June, Ili shares released a non-discussed a stock plan, with no more than 35 specific targets, and no total funds raised
More than $13 billion. The fund-raising effort is directed to liquid milk production bases, global leading 5g+ industrial Internet infant formula smart manufacturing, long white mountains, natural mineral water, digital transformation and information upgrading, dairy innovation bases, and the production of milk.
Replenishment of working capital and repayment of bank loans six projects.
According to data from Euromonitor, the domestic dairy industry stood at 48 per cent in 2020, accounting for 26.4 per cent of the total industry.
It has a leading role in brands, channels. Self-controlled milk sources have been an important source of competition for companies, relying on Hodges, Lintien, Oh Chung and Hullenberg stock prices (last year)
The region's rich original milk resources, with $5.48 billion to build a new liquid milk base, a long-standing strategy of building a “milk-first” production base that will ensure the smooth implementation of a project to build a liquid milk base, and the addition of new liquid milk.
After the full release of capacity, the market rate will increase further. (2) According to the 2020 China Milk Industry Quality Report, per capita milk consumption in the United States was approximately 106 kg in 2019, per capita dairy consumption in Japan was 95.4 kg, and per capita milk in our country.
Production consumption is 35.8 kg of fresh milk, which is still much more than in developed countries, and there is still much room for increasing per capita consumption of milk in liquid form. (3) The company is one of the leading companies in the production of formula formula for infants, with a share in the milk business.
From 9 per cent in 2016 to 13.30 per cent, the 5g+ industrial Internet infant formula project (1.55 billion dollars to be invested) is expected to actively promote the milk powder business towards high end, differential development, expansion of milk powder production and future operations.
In addition, the company actively promoted product diversification, extended the main product line, raised funds for the Long White Hills Natural Waters Project (to be funded at $270 million) and launched the Iqva Springs Volcano low-temperature mine.
Healthy drinking such as springs and “Eran” milk. As the standard of living and health awareness of the population improve, consumers gradually increase their consumption of mineral water and high-end water, the market size of Chinese mineral water is expected to increase further (5).
As industry leader, the company's brand value, coupled with the fact that the main business is moving from liquid milk to milk powder, healthy drinking, and so on, is expected to transform into a comprehensive dairy company, with consumer brand awareness and availability.
Income increases, high-value categories such as milk powder, low-temperature milk, healthy drinking products are at risk; foreign markets are not expanding as expected; food safety issues, etc.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient received it. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for an offer or request for a sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions have not been taken into account.
Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions in this report and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs.