Ilye shares (600887); enhanced power-market platform cooperation for 21q1 over-expected gross operating income of 96.886 billion yuan, an increase of 7.38 per cent over the year 2020; gain of 1.17 dollars. Of this, q4 achieved business income of 23.15 billion yuan per quarter, a gain of the same amount.
In 2020, the company performed well as a leader in the industry. Nelson zero research data show that companies retailed liquid milk at 33.3%, compared to 0.9 pct; infants and young children.
The market share of formula powdered milk was 6.0%, almost the same as last year. Companies continued to push for product optimization, with revenues from the sale of priority products such as the Golden Mall “Anmush” “gold crown” and “Charlotts” increasing by 9.6% over the same period the previous year.
The share of sales proceeds is 16.0%. In the branch business, liquid milk has increased steadily 12,885 million yuan, +28.15%, for dairy products, and westlanddairycompanymited. This period includes Westland.
Dairycompanymited sales throughout the year compared to the previous period, which consisted of sales for the months of 8 to 12 months, running revenues from drinking series products of $6,158 million, +9.35 per cent, Māori ratio, actively adjusting business strategies, and actively expanding the “community marketing” of “community services” of 020.
New retail models, such as Homes, continue to strengthen strategic cooperation with power-marketing platforms. 2021q1 company revenue/net profits have increased significantly, reaching nearly nine years of high, and the main if (1) a low base is created by a basic lack of consumer scenes in the first quarter of last year; (2)
Consumption demand has gradually recovered and some products have been well demanded; (3) basic white milk has been priced. 20,861 million yuan has been collected in the liquid milk series, compared to a decrease in the Māori rate due mainly to the rise in the original milk price.
The company will see the future of the company. (1) The company continues to push for the optimal upgrading of its products by introducing a series of new products, such as “Anmush” cheeseballs, “Golden” cold milk, “Fighty” cheese milk, low-temperature yogurt milk, etc., and the market rate continues to rise.
The company is expected to further increase profitability; (2) the company is actively developing overseas municipal development, building a “double cycle” of domestic and overseas operations, and the plant in Indonesia has completed major construction, with an increase in annual sales in Thailand on an equal basis
68 per cent; (3) companies continue to explore new retail models, promoting online and offline integration Integration, leading to an increase of 55 per cent in revenues from electricity businesses over the previous year, and according to a study by Star Chart, the share of warm liquid milk in the retail market of electric platforms is as follows:
28.1% is at the top of the hot liquid milk segment of the electric platform, along with the continuation of the pipeline tillage programme, which continuously upgrades the channel penetration level, with nearly 1096,000 townships served by companies, an increase of 5.5% over the previous year; (4)
As a leader in the industry, the value of corporate brands, coupled with the fact that the main business is moving from dairy to beverages, healthy foods, etc., the company is expected to transform itself into a conglomerate food business, with consumer brand awareness and disposable income.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this from recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or the request for quotations for the sale of the said securities.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.