Investment in the focus industry, continued expansion of liquid milk and powdered milk production.
On 4 June, the company issued a public announcement to target no more than 35 non-public shares. The stock is proposed to raise no more than $13 billion for six projects, including the construction of a liquid milk production base.
Top/lowest billion yuan (42.15%) for nearly 12 months; (2) world leading 5g+ industrial infant formula model for smart manufacturing of milk powder (millions of shares)
(b) Overall, the fund-raising campaign will be directed to the focus dairy industry, where the liquid milk production base project will reach the post-partum production profile, and the unit will be on track compared to the depth of 300 per cent.
The site of this liquid milk production site is closely linked to the company's original milk layout, and production efficiency is expected to increase, and the main dairy industry is expected to strengthen its combined capacity.
The project is expected to optimize the structure of corporate assets and liabilities.
The liquid milk production base project consists mainly of five sub-projects called for and Hote liquid milk/Little milk milk in Lintien milk estate/Hulenberg liquid milk/Little milk in UNITA, with products focused on the production of warm milk, the location of which coincides with the milk source layout. On the scale of the investment, the above sub-project is proposed to use 36.2/3.1/1.1/4.5/99 million yuan, respectively: within the calculation.
After the project is completed, the company’s total liquid milk production capacity is expected to reach 13.12 million by 2020 in high-end liquid markets, raising the ratio of high-value-added products.
The digital transformation and information upgrading project/empowerment base project and the construction of the 5g+ industrial Internet platform under the partial liquid milk and powder project will effectively enhance the use of new technologies such as cloud computing, big data, mobile communications, humans and industrial intelligence to support company operations from pastures, factories to terminals, and consumer whole-of-industry chains.
1. Informational management of the Ili Shares (600887), 2020, to meet the growing business needs of companies and to support the implementation of strategic objectives. Supply chain synergies and product research and development have improved and medium- and long-term growth has stabilized
Annual performance, 21q1 outpaced pre-epidemiological performance.
In terms of product development, in 2020, the company launched the "Anmush" cheeseballs with a very warm yogurt, and the "Golden Encords" with a low temperature.
The negative shocks are effectively addressed by milk, “lightly” cheese milk, “qq” children growing formula milk powder, “Eli” diet for living sugar, “Eli” formula for adult nutrition, “Eli” for sucking cheese for children, “Ai Chi” pocket for adult cheese sticks, “Ei” for children.
However, new products such as “milk gas bubbles, “Iran” milk tea and “selecting” high-protein non-sugar-free milk are in the range of new products.iii. Profit-for-profit predictions and investment-suggested products are 29 times the average valuation level (based on liquid milk) at roughly the same level (averaging arithmetic method, industry).
Given that companies are the absolute champions of the dairy industry in the country, there is a high degree of certainty about long-term robust growth, and a “recommended” rating is maintained. The impact of the epidemic continues to be over-expected, costs rise significantly, costs control are weak, and food security is a problem.
Company financial statement data projections are summarized in Jed, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts, Beijing University. In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.