It's not worth more than 13 billion dollars to go to the top three of the world.
More than 10 per cent of the current total equity, or 608 million shares, for projects such as the construction of a liquid milk production base, global leading 5g+ industrial Internet infant milk formula intelligent manufacture, natural mineral water projects in Long White Hills, digital upgrading, dairy innovation and supplementary liquidity, with a pricing principle of no less than 20 transactions up to the base date
The company has repeatedly expressed its desire to become the world’s top three dairy companies in 2025 and the world’s number one long-term vision in 2030. Of this proposed increase, $5.48 billion will be spent on five liquid milk projects, which are expected to be launched in 2-3 years.
With new liquid milk production bases in the original milk-producing areas of Holt, Lintien, Wu Chung, Hullenberg and UNITA, the company's connection to the upstream original milk resources will be strengthened, and the company's original milk supply will be further secured against the backdrop of higher original milk prices. In 2020, based on Nelson's data, the company's liquids will be enhanced.
The share of the retail milk market is 33.3 per cent, and the project will add 6148 tons of liquid milk per day to the postnatal period, which will help companies to scale up their production of liquid milk, upgrade their production capacity in high-end liquid milk products, and consolidate the plan to invest 1.55 billion dollars (100 tons of new daily capacity after construction) in the powder project, for almost two years.
There has been a slight delay in publicizing the powder business, and this increase shows the firm's determination to do a big, strong milk business, and to promote a higher-end, differentiated and higher-level market. The mineral water project is planned to invest $270 million (1,296 tons of additional daily capacity after construction), which was launched in 2019.
New products, such as low-temperature mineral water from the Ike Fountain and light-drinking from the “Iron” milk mines, are still in the process of production, and mineral water as a high-quality track for drinks is expected to become an important force in the future for companies to build healthy food platforms.
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulationa Digital transformation and dairy innovation boosts efficiency and improves the capital structure’s resilience to risk. Companies are planning to invest 1.250 billion and 590 million dollars, respectively, in digital transformation and dairy innovation base projects.
As a business support project, these two inputs will gradually improve the efficiency of the company's internal operations and enhance its ability to innovate products, thereby achieving efficiency gains and enhancing the impact of economies of scale. $3.86 billion will be used to supplement liquidity and repay bank loans, when companies move.
Sex and capital structures will be improved and risk-resistant.In the short term, the planned increases will spread out every share of the revenue in the immediate future, but the windmaster is looking at the project.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.