Focus on master + digital transformation, the company’s productive capacity is expected to continue to release the Ily stock (600887), an event review, and the company issued a non-public announcement on 4 June on a stock plan, which is intended to target up to 35 specific clients.
The equity fund was raised for six major projects, including the construction of a liquid milk production base, and the world’s top 5g+ industrial Internet baby formula, such as the smart manufacturing of milk powder. The fund raised focused on liquid milk, and the product layout was further optimized. The company raised funds for six projects: the liquid milk base.
The total proposed investment in the land project is $8,927 million, with $5,480 million to be raised; the world's leading 5g+ industrial Internet infant formulae powder project, with 2,120 million yuan to be invested in a demonstration project, with 1,550 million yuan to be used to raise funds: 744 million yuan to be invested in a natural mineral water project in Long White Hills; and $270 billion to be used in a digital transformation and information upgrading project, with 1,833 million yuan to be invested and 1,250 billion yuan to be used to raise funds:
It is proposed to invest $622 million in the dairy innovation base project, using $590 million in fund-raising, capital replenishment and repayment of bank loans, and $3.86 billion in cash. As can be seen, the company's current fund-raising is focused on liquid milk and infant formula.
At present, the company has a variety of sources of original milk and a concentrated rangeland. On the basis of traditional food production, the company will invest $2.20 billion in “5g+Industrial Mutual”
Networking, increasing the level of automation in the production of company products. This will help companies to speed up their operations in liquid milk, infant formula, and so forth, and improve their capacity to release their productive capacity, thereby increasing the profitability of the company as a whole.
On the one hand, companies build whole-of-business chains from the end of the pasture to the end of the table, as well as an application platform for management of smart businesses from the end of the strategy to the implementation of process management, to achieve digitalization and intellectualization of the middle and lower of the industrial chain: on the other hand, by building a secure global computer network and supporting the regulatory and operational requirements of overseas operations.
At the same time, the company plans to invest $622 million in innovative infrastructure projects in the dairy sector, which will carry out research related to pasture farming, cow breeding, grazing land management, dairy nutrition and health.
In October 2020, the chairman of the company also proposed the mid-term goal of “Global Breast Industry Three” by 2025, and the long-term goal of “Global Breast Industry First” by 2030.
The vote plan allows the company to build on its existing operations, using the advantages of digitization and intelligence, to further optimize its product structure, increase its capacity utilization, and lay a solid foundation for the company to achieve its future development objectives. As a leader in the dairy industry, the Division is expected to raise funds in the context of the gradual release of the impact of the epidemic and the introduction of the three-child policy by optimizing its products.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a diligent, professional attitude, independent and objective presence.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.