In 21 years, we've been working on the cost of rising milk prices.
By comparison with the same period in 2019, revenues increased by 18 per cent, net profits by 24 per cent, net profits by 20.4 per cent and net profits by 20.4 per cent by 1 q.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, the company's operations have been relatively smooth, with priority products growing at a faster rate of 9.6 per cent, reaching 76.1 billion in liquid milk, a 3 per cent increase, a further increase to 38.6 per cent in the general-temperature milk market, a 20 per cent increase in retail sales of gold and an equal amount of organic liquid milk.
Billion, 28 per cent more than the same year, mainly due to seven months more than in the previous year ' s list of time in Westland; cold drinks, $6.16 billion more than in the previous year; 9.4 per cent more than in the same year; other income, which was increased by income from small products such as mineral water and the Elon, contributed 5.44 billion in increment, followed by product structural upgrades, contributed 1.76 billion; and price adjustments contributed 1.76 billion.
Intra-milk prices rose by 8.33 per cent over the reporting period, and the cost of direct materials increased more significantly in the second half of the year, increasing the decline in the Māori rate by 3.3 pct to 33.1 per cent over the same period.
4q profit falls on a year-on-year basis as a result of delays in the spring season, and under cost pressures, companies are more cautious in placing their costs, with sales rates falling from 1.2 to 22.2 per cent in the reporting period (of which advertising costs fall from 0.8 to 11.4 per cent), bringing about a consolidation.
2101 achieved rapid growth due to the impact of spring sales and a low base. Higher rates of liquid milk, on the one hand, indicate further optimization of the structure of the company's products and, on the other hand, a projected reduction in the level of promotion; higher interest and exchange earnings; and a significant reduction in financial costs, resulting in a comparable decrease in the cost of 1q.
4.21 pct to 26.14%. There may be double-digit growth pressures in projected costs throughout the year, but corporate supply chain security through continuous strengthening of milk source management, e.g., acquisition of medium-land dairy industry by 2020, long-term strategic agreements, etc.
On the other hand, the two strong development strategies are divided, companies are gradually moving to healthy food platform-type enterprises, and competition will slow down under this pressure, and costs are expected to increase steadily in 2020.
The company's direct control of the village network reached 1096,000 points, electricity suppliers increased by 55 per cent on a year-on-year basis, electricity suppliers were more likely to be in the middle of the market, depending on the downward line and the fast-growing new retail market, figure 1: unit of change in the price of fresh milk in the province of main production: yuan/kg per cent
This report is written by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or re-issued or printed for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report has not been independently validated.
The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may use or use this report prior to receipt of the report or on the basis of information or research recommended by the House. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will change before notification. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report [@ comment or stand, or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report.