Sealight Information ipo requests processing to speed up the construction of advanced computational ecology.
We maintain that the company’s net profit forecast for 2021-2023 is to submit a listing application for Qing’s shareholding company, Sealight Information.
On November 8, the Sealight Information Application Unit was placed on the market. The fund raised $9,148 million to be released publicly, and no more than 50,608.45 million units (a unit) are expected to be used for the development of a new generation of Sea Light General Processors, co-processing units and advanced processor technology development centres.
• Sealight information is a rare indicator of national production in cpu, and the main products of sealight information for rapid development are the Sealight General Processor (cpu) and the Sea Light Association Processor (dcu). (1) (l) The former Sea Lightcpu series products, Hailight I and II, have been commercialized and are widely used in telecommunications,
Finance, Internet, education, transport. Meanwhile, Sealight III is in the validation phase, and Sealight IV is in the R & D phase. (2) Sealight dcu series products have already been produced in small batches, and Sealight 2 is in the R & D phase.
• In order to accelerate the construction of advanced computing industries, the company is organizing a combined production and research effort to combat the whole of the country's home-grown chips, a new generation of high-performance computing technology, the next generation of the Internet and other key common technologies, and storage.
The Corporate Information Update - Performance Closes to io, among other core technologies, to create multi-technology and cross-border integration innovations that build innovation ecosystems that are driven by industrial demand and have a concentrated effect. The rapid development of sealight information will also drive companies to advance their plans.
The company update report - stock incentives tied - calculates further improvements in the industry's ecology.
"Accelerating the construction of advanced computing industry ecology" -