MIDEA GROUP [000333.CH]
2018 H1 sales should be in line with full-year expectations in view of strong
domestic demand for ACs. refrigerators, and washing machines. Slower
growth is expected for KUKA and kitchen appliance sales. Notwithstanding
new US tariffs, we expect Midea to see some improvement in export sales in
Home Appliances Sector
2018 H2 and into 2019 due to RMB weakness. We reduce our target price
from RMB67 to RMB63 to account for a softening macro backdrop and the
delayed product launch of Midea's high-end brand.
Buy
Investment Highlights
AC sales expected to support 2018 H1. We expect Midea's HVAC to grow
~40% YoY, with refrigerator and washing machines growing ~20% YoY.
Close: RMB 46.28 (Aug. 1, 2018)
Kitchen appliance growth is tracking in the single digits, as Midea prudently
withheld shipments to distributors with high inventory levels in H1. KUKA is
also experiencing lower-than-expected growth in Q2 because of the weak
Target Price: RMB 63 (+36%)
auto market, but is expected to deliver better results in H2.
Trade war concerns overblown. In 2017, Midea exported ~US$2bn of
Price Performance
goods to the US, or approximately 5% of overall sales. Of the Company's
US$2bn in exports, only US$200-250m may be affected by Trump's first
round of tariffs. Should Washington's second round of tariffs come to fruition,
we understand an additional ~US$400m of Midea exports would be affected.
Midea's exports to benefit from RMB depreciation. As one of China's
larger exporters of home appliances, the recent RMB weakness will support
Midea's exports, either through better price competitiveness or pricing power.
However, the impact will be moderated by the fact that a significant portion
of Midea's international sales are produced in Brazil, Vietnam and other
Market Cap
US$45,109m
PBT by ~4%.
Shares Outstanding
6,566m
Net Forex assets imply potential translation gain. As of Dec. 2017,
Free Float
45%
Midea held RMB4bn of net USD exposure and ~RMB32bn of Euro debt
52W High
exposure. We understand that most of its Euro debt is hedged, and estimate
52W Low
that single digit RMB depreciation from Dec. 2017 levels would result in
minimal translation gain.
US$233m
3M Avg Daily T/O:
Inexpensive Valuation. Currently trading at 11.8x 2019E PER, Midea is on
Major Shareholders:
Midea Hld. (34%)
track to deliver 10-15% revenue growth in 2018 H1, versus our full-year
Sources: Company, Bloomberg
expectation of 14% growth. We trim our 2019 earnings by ~6% on account
of i.) the delayed launch of Midea's high-end brand, and ii.) a weaker macro
Jeff Dorr – Analyst
backdrop, which may negatively impact 2019 estimates. Our new TP of
RMB63 is based on 16x 2019 EPS, which we believe is justifiable for a
business with a diversified franchise and earnings growth above 20%.
An Zhang – Analyst
Johnson Cheung – Research Director
Net impact of Midea's Forex Liabilities can be Material
As of Dec. 2017, Midea's forex cash and debt amounted to ~RMB13.4bn and ~RMB35.6bn, respectively.
Much of this debt was Euro-denominated debt inherited from the KUKA acquisition, which we
understand was mostly hedged. We estimate that Midea has forex exposure of ~RMB2.5bn.
Consequently, Midea will be positively affected by weakness in the RMB exchange rate, though this
translation gain will be booked to Midea's other comprehensive income, and therefore will not affect
reported earnings. Fluctuation in the EUR/USD exchange rate will also affect the gain.
Nevertheless, as Figure 1 shows, a 5% depreciation of the RMB against the USD, Euro and other
currencies since the beginning of the year will result in a translation loss of ~RMB 130m, or less than 1%
of Midea's 2018 PBT. Fluctuation in the EUR/USD exchange rate will affect the sensitivity.
Source: Company Reports, CGIS Research
Note: Ignores hedging effects outside of KUKA debt
Exports to Benefit from RMB Depreciation
In 2017, Midea booked RMB104bn out of 241bn of sales in international markets. This figure
included KUKA's sales, as well as sales from Midea's factories outside of China. Midea operates
manufacturing plants in Brazil, Argentina, Italy, Belarus, Egypt, India, Thailand, Vietnam, and Japan.
Direct sales to the US are only ~5% of Midea's overall revenue, with most products going to the local
markets in which they are produced.
To adjust for these factors, we subtracted the impact of Kuka's sales, and adjust for the fact that the
remaining international sales are either local sales or priced in currencies which may not benefit from
USD strength. According to our estimates, we see RMB depreciation of ~5% from Dec. 2017 levels
benefiting Midea's 2019 PBT by ~4%.
Source: Company Reports, CGIS Research
Note: Ignores hedging effects
FINANCIAL MODEL
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International
Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such
jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made
as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance.
The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited and any of its
subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this report, and
such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of, any
or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is,
or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal
in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-
listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
HOLD
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.