Businesses are moving steadily, and the performance of pig farming will be reversed .. New Hope (000876), 2018 annual report.
As a result of severe shocks in the agro-pastoral sector over the past two years, losses have been incurred outside of the company ' s regular operations, which have continued to operate in a robust manner, owing to poor, down-to-road and tight macro-level conditions.
In the case of poultry farming, sales of chicken and duck produce generate business income.
This represents an increase of 9.46 per cent, with gross profits rising by 51.48 per cent over the past seven years. In all areas of pig farming, companies achieved an increase of 27.85 per cent in business income and a decrease of 22.76 per cent in gross profits.
The development strategy, which is integrated with agro-food in industry, is being advanced in line with the medium- and long-term strategic objectives set in mid-2017, namely, “Big feed, pig-breeding, meat-powdering, good food, and deep-sea.” The expansion of pig production capacity is steadily advancing, and the performance of pig-breeding operations will be significantly improved.
Military pig-breeding operations, and pig-breeding activities have been increasing at a faster rate. In January 2019, the number of pig-breeding operations rose by 50%. After the outbreak of the African pigpest, the company continued to maintain a relatively robust pig-breeding presence in West Side, 28 West Coast.
Forge Fukuda, Fukuwa, the free-trade experiment in China.
No. China Sea International Centre B, 17th floor, in a way that uses legally compliant information, independently and objectively, to present this report.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a customer for whom it has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility for reading it. It is a confidential material of the company, such as the receipt of this report by a non-corporate client, which should be returned and deleted in a timely manner and kept confidential until it has publicly disclosed or agreed to do so.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.