The Shanghai Bank's six-month-long fast-track performance: high-speed profits, high-level ratings: stronger than the big market, the Shanghai Bank's asset end benefited from an accelerated credit delivery.
Moving asset-end earnings up, and the smooth downturn in financial market interest rates since this year has helped to ease corporate debt-end cost pressures, positive changes at both ends have contributed to significant improvements in corporate profit performance, along with sharp increases in profitability and rapid growth in credit scale.
The rate of profit increases are impressive. The net profit of Shanghai Bank increased 20.2% in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis and increased by one quarter.
Further optimization of the negative structure, particularly the rapid growth in the size of the loan, is expected to lead to further improvements in the asset-end rate of return on a one-quarter basis, and it is expected that corporate net interest differentials in the two-quarter period will be better than industry averages and will be an important enabler of firm net profits and strong growth in the first half of the year.
By the second quarter of 2018, the total assets of banks in Shanghai had increased by 12.2 per cent over the same period, by 9.01 percentage points over the first quarter, and the ring by 4.42 per cent.
The ring grew by 8.7%, and the company’s rate of capital adequacy at the core level in the first quarter of the year was 10.6%, which supported the rapid release of credit. At the end of the debt, deposits were lower than at the end of the year, when competition remained high, and the reserve was set to 1.09% in Shanghai by the end of the second quarter.
The negative level has remained generally low, down 0.01 per cent from the first quarter. By the end of the second quarter, coverage was provided at a percentage point, and there was no concern about the provision.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, sensitisation, lucidity.
Questions: Shanghai Bank published a fast-track performance report for the first half of 18 years, with 20.2 per cent increase in net profits in the first half of 2018; total assets of 1.9 trillion yuan (+12.1 per cent, yoy/+4.2 per cent, qoq), of which total loans and advances + 29.9 per cent, yoy/+8.70 per cent qq; deposits + 12.5 per cent yoy/+ 4.78 per cent qoq; Shanghai Bank net profits increased 20.2 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the previous year, with an increase of 6.7 per cent over the quarter (2018 q1, + 13.5 per cent, yoy).
A step-by-step increase in the asset-end rate of return is expected to result in higher net interest differentials than industry averages in the two quarters, which will be an important enabler of the firm’s net profits and strong growth in revenue in the first half of the year.
Upgraded by 9.01 percentage points; ring growth by 4.42%. The company continues to optimize the negative structure of its capital, returning to its credit base, and continued to increase its lending in the first half of the year by 29.9% over the same period. Total loans, loans and advances increased by 8.7% over the same period. Total loans and advances as a proportion of assets rose further to 40.67%, or 1.60 percentage points over the first quarter of the year.
At the end of the debt, corporate deposits increased by the same amount in the first half of the year, and there was nothing to worry about. By the end of the second quarter, banks in Shanghai had a non-performing loan rate of 1.09 per cent, a decrease of 0.01 per cent over the first quarter, a decrease of 0.06 percentage points from the end of the previous year.
By the end of the second quarter, the level of coverage was 304.7 per cent, higher in the industry, with a 9.5 per cent rise in the ring, compared with the fast-reporting performance in the first half of the year, when the Shanghai bank asset end benefited from faster credit placements, which could lead to higher asset end-of-end gains, and the smooth downs in financial market interest rates since the same year helped to ease corporate liability cost pressures, positive changes on both sides of the balance sheet.
The firm’s profitability performance has improved significantly, while the negative rate has remained low and the provision has been adequate. Given that the net annual market rate of interest differentials and size increases is 0.83 times 0.74 times higher, the corresponding market rate is 6.14/5.31 times higher, maintaining a “growth” rating.1 The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy, as well as the profitability of the economy, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy is expected to do better, there is a risk that the asset quality of the banking sector will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is overstretched. Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, full coverage of banking and off-the-shelf operations has been achieved, industry growth has slowed, and the process of “deleveraging” has accelerated. Meanwhile, the merger of the Bank and the Insurance Council will enhance regulatory uniformity and coordination and improve the effectiveness of regulation, and various regulatory rules and regulations are expected to accelerate down.
The net profit growth rate is affected by the limit.