The Shanghai Bank is actively engaged in negative restructuring, increased lending, stronger management of the company's loan pricing, and promotion of asset-end earnings, while a smooth drop in interest rates on financial markets helps ease companies.
Companies perform well in terms of asset quality, maintain low rates of underperformance, make adequate provisions, and maintain higher ratings. Revenue performance is bright, and net interest earnings are increasing at a significant rate.
Net profits increased by 6.7 percentage points to 20.2 per cent as compared to 28.3 per cent, a significant increase in the growth rate of the firm ' s revenues, and a year-on-year increase in net interest earnings, which, in our view, has increased further as a result of asset size, expansion and net interest differentials, the firm ' s growth rate has increased further in the first half of the year.
There is still scope for enhanced pricing management to raise the credit spread and improve the interest differential. The firm’s net interest differentials increased significantly in the first half of the year: the company strengthened its pricing management of new loans, resulting in a credit spread in the first half of the year.
Source: Corporate lending continued to increase in the second quarter, with the loan ring increasing by 8.63%, and loan as a result of the easing of the asset-to-debt cost pressure, which we expect to repair further in the second half of the year. Bad recognition, tight provision, and no worries. Shanghai Bank asset quality performance is good, not in the second quarter.
The loan ratio dropped by 1 bp to 1.09 per cent, the interest group loan ratio went down to 1.89 per cent, and the rate of delayed write-off was about 0.57 per cent per annum and the absolute value was low.
The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than anticipated, and financial regulation that is more than anticipated.
In the first half of the year, the Shanghai Bank registered a 28.3 per cent increase in the same rate, a 16.4 percentage point increase over the first quarter, and a significant increase in the rate of revenue.
Net profits increased by 6.7 percentage points to 20.2 per cent over the first quarter of the year, and we believe that strong growth in corporate revenue was the result of a further increase in net interest income from asset size, expansion and net interest differentials, which increased by 39.7 per cent in the first half of the year and 26 percentage points in the first quarter of the year compared to the one quarter. Companies experienced a decline of 2.16 per cent in fees and fees in the first half of the year, mainly to cover the impact of financial operations, agency and custodianship.
As a result, the performance of fee revenue does not affect the overall trend toward good revenue. Enhanced pricing management raises the credit spread, and there is still room for improvement in interest differentials. Credit-based: corporate core-level capital adequacy at the end of the quarter at 10.6%, sufficient capital to support rapid lending,
As a result, the company continued to increase lending in the second quarter, lending by 29.5 per cent per year, the ring by 8.63 per cent, the loan as a share of assets over the first quarter, and liquidity was more relaxed, considering the easing of the cost pressures on corporate co-debts from falling interest rates on financial markets, we expect the net spread to improve further in the second half of the year.
The banks in Shanghai perform well in terms of the quality of their assets, with the negative loan rate falling by 1 bp to 1.09 per cent of the loan rate of concern between 7 bps and 1.89 per cent at the bottom of the loan scale, and loans/deprived loans that are more than 90 days overdue are between 8 percentage points and 62 per cent lower than at the beginning of the year.
Shanghai Bank has been actively engaged in negative restructuring, increased lending, stronger loan pricing management by companies, and better asset-end earnings, while a smooth downswing in financial market interest rates has helped to ease corporate cost pressures on liabilities, and positive changes at both ends have contributed to significant improvements in corporate profitability. Corporate assets have performed well in terms of quality, low rates of underperformance, and adequate provision has been made.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the performance of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy is expected to go below expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the banking sector’s assets, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Economic uncertainty requires close attention to the dynamics of the economy. 2 Financial regulation is highly predictable. Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, full coverage of banking and off-the-shelf operations has been achieved, industry growth has slowed, and the “deleveraging” process has accelerated.
Increased regulatory effectiveness and various regulatory rules are expected to accelerate the fall of the site. If strict regulation is more than expected, the industry’s business development may be limited, thus affecting the rate of net profit growth.