The two-quarter net difference continues to stabilize the asset quality - the Shanghai Bank (601229) reported an increase of 20.21 per cent in mid-2018 by mid-2018. Of this, the two-quarter single-season net difference ring increased by 15 bp.
The net interest differential ratio continued to rise by 15 bp in the second quarter. The increase in interest-bearing asset yields was the main driving force. From the structure of the new loans, high-yielding personal consumption loans increased considerably. From a scale point of view, total client loans and advances increased by $116.3 billion compared to the beginning of the year, an increase of $116.3 billion.
At the end of the debt, deposits grew by $67.1 billion, or 7.3 per cent, compared to the beginning of the year.
Net non-interest income increased by 12.9 per cent in the first half of the year over the same period, mainly as a result of contributions from other non-interest income, although the decrease in net fee income was relatively small. Other non-interest income was mainly driven by the growth in the size of capital investments. Net fee income fell by 2.16 per cent and bank card income
Significant growth offsets the negative impact of the decline in hosting and treasury operations. The quality of assets remained generally stable, sufficient provision was made, and the non-performing rate of some retail loans rose somewhat.
There has also been a slight improvement. However, the negative net generation rate for the second quarter is 0.59 per cent per annum, compared with one quarter, and it is worth noting that there has been an increase in the poor rate of individual operating loans and credit loans, as well as an increase in the negative rate in the local and bead triangle areas of Shanghai from a regional perspective.
The rapid growth in private consumer loans benefiting from high returns has led to a sustained recovery in net interest spreads in the second quarter of the company. The quality of assets has remained generally stable and adequate, but the poor rate of personal loans and retail loans has risen. We judge retail loans to be further exacerbated.
It is not likely that the quality of the assets will remain stable.