Heung Swe Medicines (600276) Pharmaceutical Organisms have entered into a priority review to open up an export transfer declaration corridor for South-West Securities Research and Development Center
Incidents: The company ' s Ilyium hydrochloride injection fluid entered the drug review centre of the National Directorate General for Monitoring and Control of Food Drugs, recently released the publication (Thirty-third instalment) of the publication of the publication of applications for registration of medicines to be included in the priority review process. Some of the main target beneficiaries of the priority review policy have been approved.
After six months of implementation, thirty-three batches of lists have been issued, with a total of 688 acceptance numbers formally added to the list.
Innovative varieties of drugs, including carpofol, violets (teprotein combination) and ground fluorine, have been approved for varieties such as carpenterine, carpofine net, violets (teprotein combination), which have increased significantly since their entry into the priority review and have been approved for an average of about one year;
In addition, some of the unapproved varieties, including pd-1 monodrome and rumaclons, are about to be approved, and the Department has become the largest beneficiary of this policy. The priority review policy is expected to accelerate the development of the domestic innovation pharmaceutical industry.
In the past, the development of innovative medicines in the country was influenced by the inefficiency of the review and approval process. From the approved analysis of data on a few national products, e.g. Ekdeni, Apadoni, Anroteni, it took 8 to 10 years to complete all the requests for clinical treatment and final approvals.
The implementation of the priority review policy will result in a significant reduction in the time required for the review and approval of nationally produced innovative medicines in the process of declaring clinically and applying for listing, and it is expected that in the future, nationally produced innovations will be approved for all processes in about five years. Companies are the largest innovation drug research and development company in the country by the end of 2018.
The company is expected to have five innovative drug varieties on the market; it is currently developing more than 25 innovative drug varieties at different stages of clinical treatment, covering areas such as anti-cancer, diabetes, and self-immunization. Over the next three years, the company will apply for one or two innovation varieties each year to market, together with existing ones, to drive the company to shift to innovation strategies.
In a new development cycle, the company is moving from traditional generics to innovative pharmaceutical strategies, 1. Heung Swe medicine (600276): Vispentol (protein condensed) has been approved, and the tumor has been added to the list.
2. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): First long-acting insulin approved clinical treatment, further enriching diabetic tubes
3. Henry Medicines (600276): Pyridium lysium lysium lysium. 5. Henish Medicines (600276): Fluorine has been approved and one step has been taken to enrich the anesthetic product line (2018-08-07)
Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Company Consistency Evaluation has not been, nor will it be, obtained directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.