Heung Swe Medicines (600276) Medicines and Biochemistry.
Summary of performance: Companies achieved business income of $12.46 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 23.8 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $2.91 billion, an increase of 25.1 per cent in the same year; Supermarket performance expectations, q3 income and performance growth accelerated.
The growth rate was more than 2.0 and 4.4 percentage points, respectively, in the same period of 2017, and was higher than market expectations. More companies in the last three seasons were approved for marketing and the release of new types of health insurance, driving the increase in net profits from the 2018q3 battalion and the return of mothers: q3 income and net returns were $4.7 billion and $1 billion, respectively, representing an increase of 26.2 per cent and 26.2 per cent respectively.
The cost rate has remained stable for the first three quarters of 2018, mainly as a result of increased investment in research and development. The number of new drug catalogues has accelerated.
According to an ims 2018h1, the sales of Apalyni, Ereshabou, FSB and others increased by 77 per cent, 134 per cent, and 138 per cent, reflecting the accelerated impact of health insurance on product use.
In the future, the mechanism will clearly drive the release of new products approved by companies. In 2018, the company was granted 19k, delta delta, violet sapol, and the soon-to-be-approved heavy-pound varieties of pd-1 are expected to enter the health insurance catalogue in 2019 in a negotiated form, allowing for rapid release and a strong push to move the company into a new development cycle.
• Investment in research and development continues to increase, and several heavy-pound innovations have been marketed. In the first three quarters of 2018, the company developed eight additional clinical declarations for one innovative drug, with an estimated number of more than 10 new types of innovation declared throughout the year; more than a year of research and development inputs and accumulations were centralized in 2018, essentially achieving the strategic goal of innovation transformation.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the company has been awarded two heavy-pound innovators (19k), pd-1 units expected to be approved in December; in addition, in the first half of the year, the Rima Xeron successfully reported production and is expected to be approved by 219q1; and the cdk4/6 target was successfully delivered to the drug ii/ii
In 2019, it is expected to be announced. Henry Medicine (600276), which is twice and 29 times the priority. Marketing reform, sales expansion, and innovation have been approved as catalysts for a new development week.
Review, opening up export transfer declaration channels, and promoting the shift of companies from traditional generics to innovative pharmaceutical companies, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The first long-acting insulin has been obtained.
Clinical treatment, further enrichment of diabetic tubes, Heung Swe Medicine (600276)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.