Medical Health Research Center 22.16%. Corporate overall performance is slightly higher than expected, and quarterly round improvement will continue. Overall performance is slightly higher than expected, quarterly round is improving continuously, and new products are being approved for performance in the second half of the year: public
In the first three quarters, the Division achieved revenues of approximately $12,458 million, a rate of increase of approximately 23.77 per cent over the previous three quarters, and the net profit of the parent, a continuous improvement in the ring ratio, which is expected to remain unchanged. We expect a change in the ring for the third quarter due mainly to the continued approval of new varieties, such as the sulfur-pessel 19k injection fluid.
"The company's performance met expectations, the heavy weight of the new drug was approved in Malaysia (2018.5.8.8% approved), Malinate cartinis (2018.8.12% approved), and protein violet glycol. 3. "The company's revenues meet expectations, and the heavy weight of the new product is gradually increasing."
The company's breast cancer brand has recently been approved, with a peak of 2.5 to 3 billion. A pound of innovative drug, pd-1, is now declared as production and is in priority review, and we expect to be on the scene.
The verification phase is expected to be marketed in the first half of next year. There are currently two foreign funds in the country, pd-1 for 5.
The company is one of the companies that is expected to be listed on the first team, and the research and development costs continue to increase, and early clinical potential varieties deserve attention: the company has been approved for fda clinical, shr 1702, ins068 clinical, in shr 1701 for the first three quarters of the company.
Clinical and so on. We expect to have a heavy load of new drugs in the new clinical species, and we recommend that attention be paid to new drugs in clinical targets such as cdk46, pd-l1/tgfbe, cd47.
There is uncertainty about the amount of domestic generic pharmaceutical belts: there is uncertainty about the progress of research and development in follow-up on innovative medicines: there is uncertainty about the approval of generic and innovative pharmaceutical products abroad. There is uncertainty about the impact of zero tariffs on the import of anti-cancer medicines into China. There is uncertainty about changes in prepaid, investment returns, off-the-shelf expenditures, etc.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment