The company's performance is growing faster, heavy-pound products are being approved, new drugs are entering the harvest, research assistant Xu Wangyang.
Three-quarterly reports, 2018q1-q3 operating income of $12,459 million, an increase of 23.77 per cent over the same year, and net profit returns of $2,912 million, an increase of 25.10 per cent over the same year.
The sample hospital sold about 59 million, a 54 per cent increase in the same year, with a 146 per cent increase in sales, maintaining a steady high rate of growth. The company Pemen winterase entered health insurance at a 2980/only price reduction of approximately 21.4 per cent, and this increase in sales of health-career Pemen winterase is expected to increase significantly, at a price-for-price rate.
The Department’s strengths in innovative R & D will be further demonstrated. The growing investment in R & D and the successive approvals of heavy-volume products are expected to increase companies’ performance in the future.
The R & D costs of 2018q1-q3 amounted to $1.737 billion, an increase of 39.68 per cent over the same period, further increases in R & D inputs, 13.9 per cent of R & D costs, and the clinical data are better than Rapal.
The marketing of heavy-pound products such as olteprotein provides an increase in sales, and the rich R & D pipelines provide a sustained boost to the company’s future development. As industry leaders, companies benefit from the innovative medicine of policy 1, Heung Swe Medicine (600276);
As a result, we maintain a “buy-in” rating. After the Dénny review, it is hoped that the pipeline will move faster than expected; and the counterfeiting price is lower than expected.
The rate of increase is as expected, and the cost of equity incentives has a bearing on the performance. The number of innovation varieties is increasing by 23.77% over the same period, and the net profit from the return to the mother is 2,912 million yuan, or 25.10% over the same period.
This represents an increase of 23.77 per cent over the same period, with a net return to the mother of 2,912 million yuan, an increase of 25.10 per cent over the same period. Marketing costs of $4,642 million, an increase of 22.59 per cent over the same year, and management costs of $1 billion, an increase of 25.68 per cent over the same period. In the third quarter of 2018, $4,698 million was collected, an increase of 26.24 per cent over the same period, and net profit to the mother of $1,002 million, an increase of 32.85 per cent over the same period.
2.1. Apadaloni continues to be released, and Pemen winterase is expected to be included in health insurance at a price exchange. 35.85 per cent of the price of the company Apadaloni was included in health insurance in June 2017, and Apadalini is experiencing a high rate of growth as provincial health insurance negotiates a drug policy. The sale of 2018q2 Apadaloni sample hospital was about 59 million, an increase of 54 per cent over the same period.
Sales grew at a rate of 146%, down from the first quarter, but continued to grow at a steady high rate, with Apateni increasing at a price in the face of increasing competition for health-care services and for dyslexic products. The company is currently conducting the Apateni experiment on late lung and liver cancer, which has yielded good clinical results if it adapts.
The expansion is approved and the market will have greater room for growth, while with the approval of innovative medicines such as company pd-1, it will be formed in the future as figure 3: Apadaloni sample hospital sales Pemen winterase price reductions are included in category B health insurance.
Drugs, adapted to acute lymphocyte leukemia (all), can be used for first-line treatment of children with acute lymphocyte leukemia.
Winter enzymes enter health care at a reduced price of 2980/only, about 21.4% of the price reduction, and this time, the increase in sales of health-care-care-enemens is expected to increase significantly, and to be price-for-priced. As pharmaceutical prices fall, the advantages of innovative R & D strategies increase.
In the future, with the introduction and implementation of collateral procurement policies, the pressure for price reductions for generic drugs will continue to increase. In a strong company’s research and development, the advantages of its innovative research and development strategy will be further demonstrated over the years in a drug-reducing environment.
Pd-1 is in the country's first line of product development, mainly on oncology, covering almost all hot targets, from small molecular targets to single resistance, and with the exception of oncological drugs, the company has a pattern of slow-diseases such as diabetes, autoimmune diseases, and the future.
The company’s research and development costs amounted to $1.737 billion, an increase of 39.68% over the same period, further increases in R & D inputs, with R & D costs reaching 13.9%, and strong support for the company’s project research and development and innovation development. The company’s clinical data were approved for the market, and clinical data are better than Rapateni’s rapid release.
The company announced that the Maleic acid caldinis were marketed through a priority review, with her2 positive and transferary breast cancer, and that in the clinical trials for the treatment of breast cancer patients who had failed with lyric and violet drugs and who had re-emerging/transfered post-chemistry therapy up to 2 lines, the reduction rate was 78.5 per cent for the Palateni group and 57.1 per cent for the Rapatoni group.
The median no-progress survival period was 18.1 months, the Rapatoni group was 7.0 months, and the median no-progress survival period was significantly prolonged, with an increase in the objective mitigation rate of about 21 per cent. Compared to the Rapatoni group, the patient ' s progress in disease or risk of death has decreased by 63.7 per cent.
Reference is made to the annual cost of treatment per person per Rapadoni and Ekdoni, assuming a penetration of 25%, and the market space for adaptation to breast cancer, stomach cancer, etc.
It's an anti-micromic drug used to treat transferred breast cancer or breast cancer relapsed within six months of the failure of combined chemotherapy. Currently, only abraxane has been approved as a pharmaceutical approximation with a quartz group, and according to ims, in 2017 there are currently a number of other pharmaceutical companies in the country, including Chiru Pharmacy, Zhejiang Haizheng, Jiang Sokang, and others, which have submitted their applications for registration in the review process.
Pd-1 has been declared on the market, and the country’s front-line team is expected to be approved in the near future. At this point, U.S.S.P.P.P. and Merca Eastkeytruda are listed in the country and have announced their domestic retail prices.
100 mg/10ml at $9260 and 40 mg/4ml at $4,591 per year for treatment of patients depending on weight, at a cost of about $300,000 to 400,000 per year. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
First review, with Sinda and Junzu, the first team is expected to be approved in the near future. Profit predictions and investment ratings: the marketing of heavy-pound products such as Pyridone and Ugia protein is leading to an increase in sales, and rich R & D pipelines are the company’s future.
As industry leaders, companies benefit from the policy’s benefits of innovation and increased concentration, so we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Corporate bidding for medicines is lower than expected; approval and approval of medicines are less advanced than expected; R & D pipelines are less advanced than expected;
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board