Three quarters of the revenue from the marketing of the new product is being boosted by the expectation that the new drug will enter the harvest period.
Heung Swe Medicines (600276), tri-quarters 2018. Heung Swe Medicines published three-quarter reports in 2018, which generated business income of $12,459 million in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 23.77 per cent over the previous quarter; Net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $2,912 million, an increase of 25.10 per cent over the same period.
Company q3 quarter operating income of $4.698 billion, an increase of 26.24 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies of $1,002 million, an increase of 32.85 per cent over the same period. Net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies netted off non-recurring gains and losses of $950 million, an increase of 26.08 per cent over the same period.
The company collected $12,495 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 23.77%, a net profit of $2,912 million for the mother, a 25.10% increase, an increase in income in line with market expectations, and a elasticity in the value-added tax on anti-cancer medicines (which we assume is around $100 million), adding up the elasticity in the return on the financial exchange. The increase was robust, with the volume and speed of income rising in the third quarter coming up a step.
The three-quarter concentration began, presumably with an overall revenue contribution of about 100 million, with a single-quarter revenue growth rate of around 22% after three new items were withheld, which was consistent with the previous two quarters. The difference between the profit and income increases was mainly due to VAT deductions, financial exchange gains, and higher profitability and a small pull-off.
In terms of sub-products, we assume that the general rate of growth in the third-party sample hospital terminal (pdb) is around: the source of financial growth in the East, the Apadeni drops in three quarters (about 40%), and the growth of the old species Dositas, Ossalicon and Elieucom.
Anaesthetic wires (approximately 20 per cent): continuation of the median trend, high performance of the right metomy and heptafluoroalkanes in 2017, aqueous ammonium intakes of the tumours (20 per cent increase): pelioni, 19k, protein violet supplamental folding and volatilization of the tumor lines, Apadalini is still expected to continue; anaesthesia line (20 per cent increase): right-mer, heptafluoroalene pulls
Other: Karpofin has been approved for net production through a priori review, and has been phased in. Overseas, the Dosita races, geofluoroaltanes, etc., which were approved in 2017, have encouraged more amortization and increased R & D inputs, with better controls on cutting off other management costs than these two items. Corporate financial costs have decreased more than last year, 2; outlook 2019, pd-1 has been approved, pd-1 is likely to be approved, and cotwines, 19k, and white-protein violetol will continue to boost corporate income and innovation progress.
During the reporting period, corporate innovation and development accelerated: 1.737 billion dollars (13.9% of revenue) were invested in corporate research and development in the three quarters of 2018, compared to last year’s.
At the beginning of the year (20181025), Heung Swe has obtained 12 clinical batches of innovative medicines (see table 1) and many of the products are not listed internationally, and the foreign giants are in clinical trials. The company’s R & D system has gradually taken over from the international community.
From the beginning of 2018 to the present, Hing Swe has received four andas (terrestrial fluorine, platinum, sulfurta liver to sodium, Tophaptanya - provisional approval).
New varieties are mostly injectables, and competitive patterns are good (table 2), and they are expected to boost growth overseas. East’s rich and resourceful sources are 52x, 40x, 31x, respectively. We believe that the company’s local and foreign coverage is high.
The amount of ethanol accumulated by heptafluoroane overseas, the power of ammonium accumulators and the continued growth of the country's new batch of capofens, the company's income, the source of financial growth in the East, is getting closer. We look forward to the company's long-term development and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Overseas business is growing at a slower rate than expected, and there is a risk of innovative medicine development, a source of financial prosperity in the East, a source of financial intelligence in the East.
1st team leader, Zhang Jinyang, 7th team core member for new wealth in 2015, and 3rd team core member for crystal ball in 2015. B.A. Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. in Economics, and Kings Business College, three years old.
Research. With the multiplicity of pharmaceutical + economy, industry + capital, multi-year industrial experience in capital work has given it a deeper and more contextual understanding of the functioning of the pharmaceutical industry, with more in-depth research and unique insights into the industry as a whole.
There are investment opportunities, such as internationalization. Research with a Ph.D.-level logical perspective + ground-based research + hard work, especially on chemicals, medicine internationalization – in-depth research and unique insights.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.