Retailing with the wind to restore valuations – Southwest Securities Research and Development Center – recommended logic: As the only national stock-based commercial bank under the umbrella of the Peace Group, the Bank of Peace inherits
In the tide of retailization, the Bank of Peace, with its customer resources and combined financial advantages, has raised its retail business income to more than 50%. Companies have learned from previous assets in recent years’ operations.
Lessons learned from the fast-growing process, tight controls on credit risk, have led to a steady decline in corporate underperformance, which is now flat. Companies are expected to achieve further robust growth in their performance through retail profitability and indigestion.
Sounding, extensive distribution networks and a well-developed system of integrated financial products, a multi-lined and fast-growing bank retail business, which accounted for 51% of retail finance in the first half of 2018, contributed nearly 70% of the net profits to the bank.
The scale continues to expand, with the combined size of the first six hundred and fifty billion yuan in the first half of 2018, accounting for more than one third of total lending, making it an important driver of performance growth.
The overall structure of the public business is optimized by the selective selection of public operations and their proactive withdrawal from high-capacity, high-default or high-risk industries. By controlling additional credit risks and expediting the disposal of poor stock under two tubes, the Bank of Peace managed to keep its bad rate at 1.68 per cent in the first half of 2018, declining four consecutive quarters.
The Bank of Peace, with its leading big data platform, has been making every effort to develop and develop financial technology. With its global research platform, the company works to promote the use of technologies such as artificial intelligence, block chains, big data, cloud computing, and biometrics for supply purposes.
The convergence of the five scenarios of chain finance, consumer payments, customer services, investment management, and risk management has created financial and technological barriers to safe banking. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: We believe that, as the macroeconomic environment stabilizes, safe bank credit assets will be of interest.
The volume is expected to improve continuously, while the accelerated disposal of bad assets is expected to reduce the poor provision continuously, thus reducing the deterioration in quality: deposit costs rise or narrow the space for corporate interest differentials.
Peace Bank is a national joint-stock commercial bank with shares held by China Peace Insurance Group Ltd., with its headquarters in Shenzhen, which operates across the region, and is a bank with two lines of consolidation and renaming in a way that absorbs the former Peace Bank S.A.
In February 2004, the Bank changed its name to June 2004. In November 2006, the China Bank of China’s Bank of China’s Bank of China’s Bank of Shenzhen held 89.36% of the shares of the Bank of Shenzhen.
In June 2007, the Shenzhen Commercial Bank merged the former Peace Bank to be known as Shenzhen Peace Bank, and in February 2009, it became the Bank of Peace and became an urban commercial bank operating across the region. As a result of the consolidation of Fujian Asian Bank, the Peace Insurance Group held 90.75% of the shares in the Bank.
The Shenzhen Development Bank was established on 22 December 1987 as the first commercial bank in China to publicly issue and market shares for the public. On 1 September 2010, the China Peace Insurance Corporation announced that 90,75% of the shares and cash in excess of RMB 2.6 billion would be held to subscribe to the shares of the Shenzhen Development Bank in full and that the transaction would be completed.
On 19 January 2012, the Board of Directors of the Deep Development and Peace Bank considered the adoption of a two-line merger programme whereby the Shenzhen Development Bank financed the acquisition of less than 10% of the shares of small shareholders of the Peace Bank, thereby attracting 100% of the Peace Bank to consolidate it and cancel it. In August 2012, the Shenzhen Development Bank went further.
As of August 2018, the largest shareholder of the Bank was the China Peace Insurance Group, which held 49.56% of the shares.
Figure 1: A historical overview of the development of the Bank of Peace in the last five years, influenced by macroeconomic downsides and credit risk escalation factors, the growth rate of the Bank of Peace operating income and the net profit on repatriation slowed significantly, with the rate of growth in operating income falling from 40.7 per cent in 2014 to 1.8 per cent in 2017; the rate of net profit on maternity
The business share, controlling the cost of liabilities and improving the quality of assets, stabilizing the growth in operating income and net profit on repatriation, achieving a business income of $57,241 million, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period, achieving a return on the mother ' s net profit of $13,372 million, an increase of 6.5 per cent over the same period, and a steady increase in income and a steady increase in profitability, reversing the relative stagnation in performance growth in recent years.
The main operations of the bank include retail finance, wholesale finance, and other operations. Retailing is a trump card for the bank, which has been fully transformed since 2016 to create smart retail banks. With large customer resources and diversified marketing channels, the bank’s retail operations have grown rapidly over the past three years, and retail financial revenues have continued to rise.
By the first half of 2018, more than 50% had been reached, with net profit contributions reaching 67.9%, reaching a recent peak. After a year, the company's restructuring of public business and the downsizing of its assets further slowed down the pace of asset growth.
This represents an increase of 8.9 per cent, of which joint assets of $255.5 billion, or 7.59 per cent of total assets, are subject to control.
2.1 The steady recovery in the rate of increase in deposits and the continued increase in retail deposits have, in recent years, led to a positive transformation of retail operations and a gradual increase in the ratio of retail services to domestic banking. Retail operations have a high rate of return, against a background of narrow interest-rate marketization, strong competition for public services and continued exposure to credit risks.
Retail operations have always been the advantage of safe banks, which, since 2013, have benefited from the expansion of the capacity of retail services throughout the market and the upgrading of their retail strategies, keeping their retail deposits at a high rate of growth, compared to the first half of 2018.
Sexual deposits, on the one hand, lum (retail loans) have led to aum (retail financial assets), which has had an effect on the flow of deposits; on the other hand, e-customer deposits have contributed to an increase in deposits, leaving a balance of 49.236 billion yuan in bank deposits in the first half of 2018, representing an increase of 12.5 per cent compared to the end of the previous year.
At the end of June 2018, the bank absorbed $2.08 trillion in deposits, an increase of 8.73 per cent over the previous five years. The balance of business deposits was 1.67 trillion yuan, an increase of 0.46 per cent over the previous five years, the balance of personal deposits was $40,577.0 million, an increase of 30.02 per cent over the same period, and retail deposits were important for the growth of total deposits.
Drivers. Looking ahead, the development of corporate deposit operations will focus on the following aspects: pulling low-cost settlement deposits up and up, and enhancing the marketing orientation of active liabilities: promoting the absorption of low-cost deposits, such as government deposits, administrative unit deposits, and Internet Finance Department deposits, in order to ease storage pressures and reduce interest costs.
Figure 10: Size and rate of increase in bank deposits at Peace Bank, Figure 11: Growth in bank accounts and personal deposits, 2.2 loan structure optimized and retail share increased
Between 2013 and 2016, as a result of the massive expansion of public operations, the size of the Sino-Safe bank lending was at a high rate of growth, at a rate of more than 17 per cent. Since 2017, companies have proposed a strategy of good-to-publicization, leaving some of the high-risk, high-default industries, with negative growth in the size of public loans and income, which has slowed down the overall growth in lending.
The growth of individual loans has been overwhelming in the face of a steady decline in size and income, with the growth rate of over 50 per cent over the same year, with companies totalling over $1 billion, an increase of 16 per cent over the same year.In terms of the loan structure, since 2013, the share of individual bank loans has been rising, breaking in the first half of 2018.
The three pillars provide not only stable operating income, a large customer base, but also data support to improve the bank’s own wind control system.
The “new one” is a non-encumbranced and unsecured consumer credit product of the Bank of Peace, which is characterized by a simple, fast-track approach that meets the customer's emergency financing needs and is issued to salaried persons or self-employed persons who have continuously stabilized incomes, with a recognized monthly income as the basis for determining the principal amount of the loan, and is used in unsecured lending operations for consumption or business purposes other than housing.
Chinese citizens between the ages of 55 and 55 with good credit records may borrow housing loans, car loans, public funds, tax policies, social security, and a new credit loan;
The new loan has been growing rapidly since it was introduced. At the end of 2012, the size of the new loan was only $8 billion. After four years of development, the new loan reached $88.4 billion in 2016, with an average compound increase of 182% per year. By the end of June 2018, the new loan balance was only $8 billion.
Credit card operations are another major retail boxing product of the Bank of Peace, contributing significant retail revenue to the Bank of Peace. Billions of dollars, an increase of 85.5% over the same year, exceed the industry average in both quantity and speed.
In 2018, a joint credit card was launched with big games, the Manchester United Football Club, and teeming videos for traffic customers. In the case of car loans, safe banks started early, developed robustly, and a special Auto Finance Department was set up, together with a large number of cars.
The brands and car dealers have established partnerships to cover the country’s main priority cities. There is also a strong link to the parent company’s safety insurance. In the car service biosphere, the Peace Group works with car houses, safe banks, safe birth insurance, safe finance rentals, etc.
Since 2014, Silent Bank car lending has been steadily growing at a rate of more than 20%, with new car lending of 71,612 million yuan in the first half of 2018, an increase of 52.7% compared to the previous year, and a total of $141,363 million in car lending, an increase of 34.8% compared to the previous year, with the share of the market continuing to be a leader.
With regard to public loans, in the last five years, the Bank of Peace has undergone a transition from barbarism to a contractionary escalation. Between 2014 and 2016, the size of public loans has expanded rapidly, at a rate of around 20%, and during this period, production has produced large amounts of non-performing loans. From 2017 onwards, the Bank of Peace’s focus began to shift from quantity to quality, with the company in 2017.
There was a marked contraction in the size of public loans in late and the first half of 2018. As of June 2018, the balance of the loan (including discount) of the company of the bank was $8,498.8 billion, a decline of 9.3 per cent over the same period, representing a decrease of $19,425 million in interest earned on the company ' s loans.
The narrow net income gap also affected firm net interest income growth to a certain extent, falling to 2.26 per cent in the first half of 2018, the lowest in the last five years. As of the first half of 2018, the net interest income earned by the Bank was $37,436 million, a 0.2 per cent increase over the previous year.
The higher interest rates on the overall weighted average lending rates for financial institutions reflect the convergence of asset pricing powers with commercial banks and the increased bargaining power of bank lending, which is expected to continue a slow upward trend in the short term. At the same time, deposit-sides are affected by the central bank’s targeted de-escalation to release liquidity, market interest, etc.
In terms of asset quality, during the past rapid expansion of assets, the quality of the assets of the safe bank was affected by macroeconomic changes more than in terms of public operations, and the share of non-performing loans per person was higher. In terms of corporate lending, after 2016, it was out-of-pocket.
Some private SMEs, low-end manufacturing, etc. have had difficulty running their businesses. In the first half of the year, the rate of poor lending by safe banks rose to 2.42% in June 2018, owing to tight capital chains, fractures, and inability to repay.
The Bank has actively adjusted its structure of operating deposits through measures such as active exit or credit enhancement, with a negative rate of 2.94 per cent, compared with 4.18 per cent at the end of the previous year; in order to improve the quality of assets and reduce credit risk, the Bank has made adjustments to the public sector with a high percentage of bad returns.
New letters to clients in low default sectors such as leasing and business services: reduction of high-risk industries such as steel, fire power, coal; withdrawal from some wholesale retail, manufacturing and other high-default sectors; combined quota management for high-pollution, energy-intensive and backward production. As of the first half of 2018, the share of the Bank of Peace in public loans had decreased from 13.85 per cent.
By 12.07 per cent, the balance of public risk-weighted assets was reduced by $32 billion to $819 billion from the end of the previous year, as was the result of the quality of assets. In the first half of 2018, the rate of bad lending by the Sic Bank was 1.68 per cent, a decrease of 0.08 per cent compared to the previous year, a decrease of 0.02 per cent compared to the early year, and a decrease in the difference between the average rate of badness of the shares.
There has been a marked decline in the good rate of scissors, which was only 1.39 per cent in the first half of 2018, a decline of 1.18 percentage points in the same year, a decrease of 0.45 percentage points from the early year ring, and, against a background of stricter recognition of non-performing loans, the poor rate of safe banks has been brought under control, as evidenced by the marginal improvement in the quality of loans.
The low capital adequacy rate is a long-standing problem for the Bank of Peace, which, while meeting regulatory requirements, is at the bottom of the list of banks. The lack of capital directly results in the expansion of the assets of the Bank of Peace.
In addition, with the new regulations in place for 2018, the return of banks’ outward-looking assets has become a trend that will continue to raise the capital pressure on the banks, given the appropriation of the banks’ own capital in the returns table. After many capital additions, in the first half of 2018, the bank’s capital adequacy rate rose to 11.59 per cent.
Although this percentage is only higher in the listed banks than in the bank of Guiyang and the bank of Chuan, 11.20 per cent by the end of 2017, compared to historical data, the capital replenishment of the bank is mainly based on external sources of finance, including the public issuing of bonds, the non-public issuing of general shares, and the non-public issuing of priority shares. In the first half of 2018, the bank ' s net capital was $262.1 billion, with a risk weight.
With an asset of $2.26 trillion, capital adequacy rate of 11.59 per cent, it is estimated that if the company does not make any capital replenishment in the second half of the year, it will need to be replenished with 127.7 billion yuan; to reach a relative adequacy level of 12.5 per cent, the integrated financial system will be strong and lead to the development of financial science and technology.
The parent company of Peace Bank China has all the financial license plates and has always adhered to the strategy of “one customer, one account, multiple services, multiple products.” Client penetration has been increasing, and the number of visitors and migrants between the core financial companies of the Group has been increasing every year.
In the first half of 2018, a total of 1940.9 million new clients were added to the Bank of Peace ' s Immigration Channel, representing a 39.3% share of the total increase in retail sales (excluding credit cards), and the group ' s client migration contributed significantly to the accumulation of customers.
In 2016, Peacebank set out its development goal of “China’s finest, the world’s leading intelligent retail bank.” The retail business is well developed, backed by the Peace Group, a large data platform with leading Chinese financial institutions, and an autonomous research and development finance platform, with the Bank’s pre-eminence in the development of science and technology finance and Internet finance.
In the first half of 2018, there was a significant increase in investment in science and technology, with an increase of 165% in capital expenditure, and an increase of more than 25% in the total number of 4,800 people. According to the Global Research Institute of the Peace Group, the Bank of Peace has been at the forefront of financial science and technology, and the company is now working to strengthen the promotion of artificial intelligence, the chain of blocks, and the big one.
In the area of public business, the Bank insists on creating “a set of platforms” for small-scale business clients.
Finance, SME data lending kyb (knowyourbusiness) platform: supply chain accounts receivable service platform (sas) for medium-sized clients; cross-border e platform: e-business platform for financial counterparts; fund cloud platform: smart court platform for government clients to meet differentiated client needs.
Banks, credit cards, and direct sales banks have three main apps, integrated into a pocket bank app, upgrading a simple basic trading platform to an intelligent financial life service platform. Underline, technologies such as group face recognition, artificial intelligence, etc. are put into retail new shops, pushing into "al+subshows", "al+saves" and "al+saves" and working to create "no queues, no shifts, no temperatures" retail smart banks.
Clients provide 7 x 24 hours of intelligent services. For future company growth, we make the following assumptions: (1) Corporate deposits will continue to grow at a steady pace over the next three years.
In China, the early and well-established retail business of the Bank of Peace, backed by China, has the advantage of integrated financial operations that other stock-based commercial banks are difficult to compare with: at the same time, the development of the Bank of Peace Internet finance, technology finance, has long been at the forefront of the banking sector, and its direction is highly compatible with the future direction of the banking sector, which cannot be limited.
With the financial advantage of the Internet, Peacebanks are still undervalued in the market, at a low level of about 0.8 times pb. The difference between the equally dominant retail business in Shenzhen and the 1.6-fold pb recruitment bank is always higher than the average share-based commercial bank.
In the first half of 2018, however, there have been signs of improvement in the quality of the assets of the bank, and, as the bank continues to refine its public operations, it will improve its asset structure and asset quality, and its performance will continue to be released. On balance, we believe that the bank should have a reasonable level of relative valuation.
1.0 times the pb level. Figure 38: Comparison of Peace Bank with underperformance rate (%) We use three-phased ddm valuations for the next three years as a short term, the next 10 years as a transitional growth period, and then
Table 3: Valuation parameters of the ddm model, taking into account the uncertainty of the future industrial policy and economic development cycle, we have chosen a relatively conservative valuation with a “buy-in” rating.
Stricter regulation or downward pressure on industry valuations; lower economic cycles or deterioration of the quality of corporate assets; higher cost of deposits or narrow space for corporate interest differentials; and Nose will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.