The Pyrotechnic depth report is running and rising on December 17th, 2017.
Shen Xiaogen, the petrochemicals have opened a new page in the configuration of the petrochemical industry: the company's progress in refining and integrating, while safeguarding the supply of fibre-optic materials and making the polyester chain more competitive, the chain of industry has expanded to a much more barrier-free level.
High, deeper downstream, and larger-capacity industry. It should be noted that there are de facto monopolistic characteristics of the domestic industry, low-capacity, low-product shortcomings, and significant international disparities.
The petrochemicals will set in motion a new pattern of the development of the country's broths and downstream industries, promoting a transformational upgrading of the country's related industries. In keeping with the concept of “molecular management” close to the centre of demand, they will create global refining poles: carbide is the country's first integrated refining project planned on a one-time, integrated basis of 40 million tonnes/year, and the programme's crude oil is highly adaptable.
As a result of one-time integrated planning, the refined oils, aromatic hydrocarbons, and ethylene components fully reflect the concept of molecular oil refining and use them. The whole of the HFOs is processed deep into imported high-sustain chemical products, and the China East region is the main consumer downstream, and there is a clear regional advantage.
They expect private firms to move into the field of refining with strong dynamism and creativity, taking advantage of the competitiveness of high-level petrochemical products from Japan and Korea, and transforming them into powerful countries. Together, they can build a solid barrier to energy supply: high barriers to energy supply.
The energy industry in the province is dominated by the Zhegen Group. The depth of energy is tied to the potential to effectively compensate for the shortcomings of private enterprises in policy-limited areas, not only in terms of addressing the way out of finished oils and sharing the profits of retail rings, but also in terms of the company’s future further development in high barriers such as hydrocarbons.
▪ Expected good economic performance and high risk resistance: In a baseline oil price of $60/bail environment, we measured $12.9 billion in profits after a tax on petrochemicals, which is expected to be good for the economy.
The price retroactivity also suggests that carbide resistance is desirable. Not only is carbide, but there is much room for improvement, depending on the advantages of scale and degree of integration.
We believe that there is a business model that replicates carbide, creates complete hydrocarbons, aromatic plates, and achieves true integration. In fact, Ningbo is one of the seven large 60 million tons of petrochemical sites planned by the country, with a wealth quota of 20 million tons remaining.
The growth of 100% equity in enterprises that are best placed to cut into the field of refined oil is no less than petrochemical.
So we think that the future pebbles are more than just petrochemicals, and that the pebbles are more than just refining projects. As an extension of the Ningpo pebbles, the pebbles are not isolated, the pebbles are put into the post-partum phase, and the two bases are able to feed each other and create synergies. One is a promising Singapore.
The company has two core platforms of central gold and petrochemicals at the Ningbo and Tung Hill sites, respectively, as a first assessment: the construction work has increased significantly, and the company has been able to build a new industry that is already in the process of becoming a major contributor to the global economy.
The region's leaders, with more project opportunities and more scope for future development, have entered the full-scale construction phase.
27x, 20x, 16x, we look forward to the company's future growth space and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
5. In-depth reports: injection of petrochemicals into the construction of the national refining poles of 20170519, “Emergency races, good merchants” from the description of Xiaoshan (where the company's headquarters is located) of the people of Xiaoshan in successive years;
“Doing what you are, taking the lead, standing the tide”, from Xi Jinping’s Secretary-General’s high profile of the spirit of the Zhejiang at the G20 Hang State Summit: We have followed the spirit of the Ghetto for many years, and it is the eight most determined implementers of the word “college, tidal wave”.
While private industry involvement in refining is a major market concern, the market is prone to short-term profit fluctuations in the chain of polyesters, ignoring the long-term vast growth space, and we suggest that investors look at this in a longer and broader way.
In the case of polyester chains, core competitiveness remains upstream in terms of barriers to finance, technology, access, etc.
At the same time, private enterprise involvement in refining is not only about securing the supply of chemical fibres, but will also open up a new pattern of domestic developments in the industry, which, for historical reasons, is de facto a monopoly on the industry.
Private companies are involved in the development of high-end petrochemical products, which can lead to deep development in our petrochemical industry. 1.1. Looking forward and extending the industrial chain from the bottom up.
A step-by-step extension of the industrial chain from the bottom up. 1997 company involvement: the first private pta line came into operation in 2005, the company entered the pta field, and then built on three major bases to expand production;
The company became the first private enterprise to have access to the whole chain of polyesters with “diphenyls-pta-polycerine-wiring-pne” since 2009, with the production of gold petrochemicals in mid-2015: an attempt to participate in the oil refining project started in 2010 and a group holding subsidiary, the Project for the Integration of Psyrochemicals in 2015
(b) In September 2017, in cooperation with Zhegen Group, Zhejiang Oil was formed and major products, such as finished oils, began to be laid out. 1.2. Great advantages have been established in the polyester chain.
The company now has a base at its headquarters in Xiaoshan, a company that has a polyester capacity of 1.1 million tons, a plant capacity of half million tons, a plant of 400,000 tons and an attachment of 300,000 tons;
(a) The three main bases in Jiantang Dalian, Ningbo and Hainan had 13.55 million tons of pta gross output (6 million tonnes equity capacity), 1.5 million tons of polyester bottles (600,000 equity capacity), 40 per cent of domestic sales, and the pta was the largest in the world;
Toluene, 500,000 tons of pure benzene and 1.1 million tons of chemical light oil. The company has taken the lead in establishing the advantages of upstream-downstream integration in the polyester industry chain and has taken an absolute advantage in the pta chain. 1.3. Development of the dibenzene industry has implications for the consolidation of China’s core competitiveness in the textile industry
The textile industry, with polyester as the main feedstock, is the core of the country’s global comparative advantage, but the two features of externality constrain the further consolidation of its core competitiveness. The import dependency of upstream raw materials on benzene is 56%, with high external dependence leading to pricing in the hands of Japanese and Korean enterprises and severely constraining the sustainable development of our textile industry.
In the case of glory petrochemicals, the company’s peta plant has an annual demand of 9 million tons, with only 1.6 million tons of capacity available, which is far from meeting the urgent need for dibenzene. By refining integration, the large aromatic hydrocarbon chain is not only about securing the supply of raw materials, making the polyester chain more competitive at its core, and further consolidating the textile industry in China.
In July 2014, when the former Governor of Zhejiang province, Li Qiang, first investigated the Zhejiang fibre-optic industry, the Zhejiang Provincial Development and Rehabilitation Commission was asked to lead the launch of six enterprises in the joint province.
In June 2015, the implementing party, Zhejiang Petrochemicals Ltd. (Zelin petrochemicals, Zhejiang) was established with 51 per cent of the Yong Seon petrochemical control unit, 20 per cent of the shares of the Kyong Kwok group, 20 per cent of the provincial capital participation unit of the Giant Group and 20 per cent of the local government participation unit of the Shanghai Ocean Development Agency.
9%, forming a model of mixed ownership of public capital participation in the province. We would like to stress here that carbide, in addition to effectively increasing domestic supply of benzene and forming a competitive advantage in the polyester whole-sector chain, will open up a new pattern of development in the industry of China, which is downstream of oil, where the ethylene industry is based on raw materials.
The speciality of this is that it has been the industrial pattern of the preponderant monopoly, the lack of production, and the low end of the product. The introduction of petrochemicals into the post-partum process will increase the supply of ethylene, form an integrated industry model of “oil-incarnation-up-upgrading”, and project-planning products are more numerous than anything much needed in the country.
According to international experience, the market space for the industry is about two to three times that for the aromatic industry, which is a small step forward in refining, but it may be a big step in China’s petrochemical industry. The company’s industrial chain extends from polyesters to higher barriers, deeper downstream and larger-capacity industry.
Psychicization is the first country to implement a two-phased integration project based on a one-time plan of 40 million tonnes/year, based on the molecular refining concept, which allows the project process to be based on the world's leading design concept of molecular refining.
In addition, the Zhejiang Hills are located in the Zhejiang Hills, where the long triangle concentrates 40% of China’s petrochemical products, and the advantage of geographical location is one of the most important competitivenesss of Zhejiang.
The final solution may not be consistent with what we have described. Moreover, due to the limited level of pens, errors in the whole text are inevitable, and readers are expected to understand and point out. 2.1. The country’s first 40 million tonnes of integrated planning project, with global leaders in refined oils, hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons.
Zhejiang petrochemicals is the country’s first one-time integrated refining program based on 40 million tonnes/year of refined oil. Only three of the world’s single base plants currently produce more than 40 million tonnes, and only five of the world’s single base produces more than 30 million tonnes, and only 31 of the single base produces more than 20 million tonnes.
In general, conventional refineries (no depth for hydrogen cracking) have a single size of 25-30 million tonnes in order to reconcile the economics of acrylic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons and refined oils with the maximum combined use of acrylic hydrocarbons and aromatic hydrocarbons.
The country’s 12th Five-Year Plan for the Industrial Development of China simply wants China to form a number of 20 million tons of grade oil.
A total investment of $173.1 billion (without consideration of supporting projects). An investment of 90.2 billion tonnes/year of refined oil, 5.2 million tonnes/year of aromatic hydrocarbons, 1.4 million tonnes/year of ethylene/year. The second phase will be based on a construction phase of 20 million tonnes/year of refined oil.
R, the size of the major installations and the technical and economic indicators represent the most advanced levels globally. 2.2. Refining: Polychemical raw materials are a major feature of petrochemicals. The essence of the refining industry is that oils are based on molecular economic transformation.
The system of hard-to-understood mixtures, such as diesel fuel, is divided into several virtual components for analysis. As the scale of the refining integration project expands, technological advances in production and environmental standards increase, the traditional crude aggregate dynamics of technology are no longer adapted to the requirements of the situation.
Molecular oil refining is not only a high-level performance of today's refining, with high technical barriers, but also presupposed by scale. Some of the project process settings, such as the separation of solid isomers, do not exist for small and medium-sized refining integration enterprises.
Large economies of scale make it impossible to land. In terms of process settings, material arrangements, zolpidem is a model of molecular refining, and the size of more than 20 million tons effectively guarantees maximum implementation of molecular refining intentions.
2.2.1. Crude oil is highly adaptable and can be processed for more than 80 per cent to 90 per cent of the world ' s crude oil products 20 million tons of petrochemical crude oil is designed for processing in the first phase, and the feed is graded into two high-sulphur medium (series 1) and high-sulphuric acid (series 2) series, which enhances the adaptability of crude oil.
The high-sulphur neutral series is based on Iran's light, 1:1, Saudi-mixed api31.6, the mixed series of crude oils is the middle base of the high-sulphur, the low metal content of the depressurized slag oil, and the high-sulfur acid series is based on Iran's heavy mass, Brazil's brade7:3, and Iran's heavy metal content is high.
In Brazil, frade is a typical high-acid heavy-mass-opportunity oil species that are difficult to fix directly in the series of slag oils to delay cokeification decarbonization and improve the adaptability of crude oil.
In general, low-sulphur light crude oil processing processes are simple, investment is light, maintenance is light, but crude oil is less adaptable, crude oil is very high: high-sulphur heavy crude oil processing processes are complex, investment, maintenance is heavy, crude oil is highly adaptable and crude oil is less costly.
Usually designed to be high sulfur, coupled with a capacity to process low sulfur, with post-partum flexibility to adjust crude oil supply to price and purchasing conditions based on the design and processing of crude oil. Fossilized raw materials are stored in light, medium, heavy, acid sub-segregated, split and sorted, and can be processed globally by means of reconciliation over 80 to 90% of crude oil, which greatly enhances the adaptability to oil price volatility.
2.2.2. Low operating costs for investment in processing programmes, flexible product structure, and technically mature and reliable options for the processing of slag oils are at the heart of refining oils, and after a combination of oil prices, product structure, investment and efficiency, 5 million tons of fixed-bed sulfur plus 4.2 million tons of heavy oil catalyzing + 3.8 million tons of wax oil plus hydrogen have been adopted for petrochemicals
Fragmentation + 3 million tonnes of tar-carrying. For one example, the process is as follows: two series of light pressure reduction wax oils off wax oils for hydrogen cracking, one series of normal pressure-depressation sludge oils, two series of heavy-barrel wax oils and half-calorized wax oils for fixed-bed oils for hydrogen devulcanization, one series of 2 depressurized oils and one series of catalytic oils to delay tarflation.
The remaining heavy aromatic hydrocarbons from diesel fuel as 1# diesel fuel plus hydrogen fracking feedstock, and the remaining direct distilled diesel, caramel diesel, catalytic diesel, slag oil plus hydrogen diesel and aromatic hydrocarbon units as 2# diesel fuel plus hydrogen fracking feedstock, and the oil coke-free gas unit, as detailed in the general process flow chart for the petrochemical phase.
The selection of slag oils with hydrogen devulcanization (rds) (note: slag oils with hydrogen devulcanization using uoprcdunionfioning) + heavy oil catalytic fragmentation (rfcc) + delayed comfocation mainly takes into account the following factors: 1. Hydrogen consumption is low, the plant needs to produce only an additional 995 tons of hydrogen, which is significantly less than other options, and lower-middle- and low-oil hydrogen production costs
(c) Low investment and operating costs, which we estimate are used to meet aromatic aromatic and ethylene requirements.
Rds+rfcc+ Delayed Focalization Programme, which is $3.0-6 billion less than the other comparable oil refineries, and is technologically well-developed, theoretically calculated and physically functioning, is good in terms of the economy of investment.
Gasoline, which makes it easier to adjust oil and makes the structure of a factory-wide gasoline tank more rational; it also has the flexibility to reconcile gasoline with aromatic hydrocarbons and gas with oil with aromatic hydrocarbons.The overall characteristics of the programme are low investment/operational costs, high crude oil adaptability, flexible vapour-aromatic product structure, and technology.
The second phase of the total processing process disclosed in the CEP is close to the first stage, but enterprises generally adjust the forward scenario flexibly to the price of the raw material and the product.
2.2.3. Material arrangements reflect the principle of polyaline, aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream chemicals Refining areas with a rate of about 40 per cent per period of heavy cerebral oil, 9.4 per cent per period of light cerebral oils, 11 per cent per period of phase II, 60 per cent per period of chemical materials, and a rate of about two to three times that of conventional national refining integration projects, which is consistent with polyarocarbons and aromatics.
Hydrocarbons and downstream chemicals planning scenarios, moderate production of steam, sea coal, low-yield diesel, and changes in the consumption structure of the country’s finished oils.
The gas code is about 3.8 million tons per period. The distilled coal is used as aviation kerosene, together with the waxed hc (hydro-fracking) coal, on a scale of one.
A small distillation of diesel fuel from diesel with hydrogen fission and wax oil with hydrogen with hydrogen with diesel distillation was converted as diesel fuel, the size of which (country vi) was 1.73 million tons and 1.57 million tons in two instalments.
2.3. Aromatic hydrocarbons: diesel-hydrocracking increases the rate of heavy sulfide oil collection, the overall rate of aromatic hydrocarbons is high. Pulse-carbide programmes include the expectation of multi-yield aromatic hydrocarbons. The plant-wide rate of heavy sulfone oil capture is about 40 per cent, well above the 10-25 per cent rate in conventional refineries, where the direct distillation rate is close to that of conventional refineries, and the high rate is mainly from two-series diesel-hydrocracking units.
Conversion of distilled and secondaryly processed diesel fuel into high-value-added chemical materials. In addition to recombinant oils, the hydrogen-combusted gas aromatic aromatic content of the hydrogen-added device is high and is also directly used as feedstock for aromatic aromatic devices.
Parax technology (ads-50) is used to save investment in energy-consuming aromatic hydrocarbons. The product programme provides an example of a single phase of 40.1 million tons of diphenyls (degenerated diesel with hydrogen fracking), 610,000 tons of petrol (high octane modulation and gasoline) and 20.2 per cent, 53.4 per cent and 8.1 per cent respectively of pure benzene, dibenzene and rehydrated gasoline produced by the aromatic joint installation.
Since the refining area is easier to adjust oil, the aromatic division unit does not need to cut more recombinant gasoline, and therefore the total aromatic aromatic aromatic (benzen + dibenzene) rate is higher and the recombinant gasoline production rate is lower, compared to comparable projects (e.g., rainbow refining).
In terms of design, the concept of carcinogenization is multi-aromatic aromatic hydrocarbons, balancing oils, but an increase in the depth of the process means an increase in the output of light fractions, and if they are sold out directly, the value of the sex is lower. Fossilization converts this fraction of light fractions to acetylene, coupled with the country’s scarce downstream derivatives, not only increases profitability but also increases resistance to risk.
2.4.1. Fully embodying the molecular oil refining concept and maximizing the use of the material through the c3/c4 separation device for the recovery of plant-wide saturated liquefied gas, separation of propane and saturated butane, delivery of propane to pdh, 60% saturated butane composition, already very good ethylene fission, part direct, part delivered
De-alkylized devices recover ethylene-rich butane and send it to de-ethylene fission, making full use of the resources of c3 and solid c4. As a source of ethylene fission, the octane high isomer c5 iso-synchronous c5 is used as a blend of oil, making full use of the resources of c5. Fragmentation feedstock properties are the main factors determining the competitiveness of ethylene devices, and generally ethylene fission in different refineries.
There are differences in raw materials. The smaller the raw materials, the higher the ethylene rate; the higher the ethylene rate of the n-alkanes and the lower the rate of the iso-alkanes (but high octane values). The ethylene device uses molecular management to make efficient use of plant-wide light hydrocarbon resources.
The raw material of the conventional refinery ethylene device is dominated by vinyl oil, which usually accounts for more than 50 per cent, while the rate of ethylene harvest is usually only 21.5 per cent of the vinyl ethylene raw material directly involved in cracking, and the proportion of c2-c5 light hydrocarbons to raw material is 49 per cent, of which the active rate is about 70 per cent, significantly increasing the ethylene rate of the project and reducing material consumption.
Fossilized VCM yields as much as 37%, general ethylene plants in the country 31 - 33%, and advanced ethylene plants such as Township Sea and Monoko 34 - 35%. The combined energy consumption is 502 kgoe/t, at the same level as the town's sea-smelting, and is preceded by an average of around 600 kgoe/t. Compared to the rate of 33%, ethylene production is about 1.48 million tons.
480,000 tons, resulting in savings of nearly 2 billion yuan in raw materials only. 2.4.3. Additional pdh devices, increased acrylic production, by-product hydrogen gas, and a reduced rate of 16.4 per cent for the steam breakout device, due to a low proportion of the active isomers of the fission material.
The project will separate the p3/c4-derived propane by increasing the production of pdh, taking into account a 24.3 per cent rate for steam fission and pdh devices and a total production of 1386 million tons of propane (a further portion of the acrylic device).
2.4.4. The traditional refiner's ethylene path is irreplaceable and there is a market view that ethylene fission can have an impact on the profitability of ethylene devices in the traditional refiner's path.
We believe that there are opportunities in the domestic ethane fission industry, but also that the refinery path is rational and irreplaceable.In terms of investment, without consideration of the refining chain, the total investment in ethylene includes the sum of the fission main device, the auxiliary device, the chemical device, the pure ethane fission device can be simplified on the main device, but the total investment varies considerably.
The transport and storage of the alkanes are more complex, and investment in supporting public use systems has increased significantly. At cost, based on the current price system for ethane, the advantage of ethane cracking is clear, but the storage of a single raw material is difficult to manage with regard to the risk of price fluctuations.
Plant-based ethylene has an advantage in material diversification and product enrichment. At the end of the product, pure ethylene fission devices are not sufficiently abundant for other high-value-added products (e.g. helium gas, acrylics, mixed carbons, gasoline, etc.) compared to the traditional pathways of domestic refineries.
Finally, the demand for ethylene equivalents is huge, and the domestic industry is currently de facto a monopoly pattern.
As raw material supplies are diversified, pricing models are gradually shifting away from the preponderant pattern of competition to that of market competition, downstream demand may be further stimulated, and existing planned production capacity is not sufficient to bridge the large supply gap. Based on the above analysis, we believe that moderate lightweighting may be the least risky option for the future.
From the point of view of source endowment and global comparative advantage, it is unlikely that our country will outperform the Middle East and North America in light quality. For an integrated refinery such as petrochemicals, it is essential that they be fully utilized through molecular management, with full diversification of raw materials and product enrichment.
2.5. Chemical products: The long triangle is the region with the greatest concentration of demand for chemical products in China, where 70 per cent of China ' s plastics and fibre optics can be found, and the location of China is one of the most central competitivenesss of the petrochemical industry.
In addition to its geographical advantages, companies plan for products that are in short supply of new chemical materials in the country, the introduction of petrochemicals, and a direct demonstration to break the pattern of oligopoly in the industry, to promote the upgrading of related industries in the country. 2.5.1. Long triangles are the most important concentrations of aromatic hydrocarbons and yetene derivatives in China.
The dependence of our high-end petrochemical products on South Korea is evident, and the dependence of our chemical products on Korea and Japan, among others, is removed from the current administration.
We look forward to private enterprises entering the field of refining, gaining competitiveness from Japan and Korea in excess petrochemical products, and transforming the petrochemical powers into powerful countries.
Downstream is mainly fdpe, hdpe, eo/eg, styrene and co-polypp devices, of which eo is used as non-offer material for pc devices, while alldpe, hdpe, ethanol, sm products are sold out at 23, 42.6, 86.8 and 1.2 million tonnes respectively. Note: ethylene downstream share of ethylene raw material for products as a proportion of ethylene production.
ethylene ethylene II downstream reduction of polyethylene and sm devices, with the addition of 10.3 million tonnes of ethylene/ldpe and 50,000 tonnes of ethylene 1-heptene devices, with a more balanced product, with the export of the eo part as raw material for pc devices and the export of the 1-hexene portion as the remaining raw material for fdpe/hdpe devices, alldpe, hdpe, ethylene, sm,eva, ldpe, ldpe,
Outward sales of 1-Hyexene were 21, 21, 77.3, 70.6, 10, 27.1, 42,000 tonnes respectively. ethylene went downstream, with polyethylene, ethylene and styrene taking a larger share, and China’s main downstream consumer of chemical products such as plastics, chemical fibres, which concentrated 70% of China’s plastics and polyesters.
Our import of polyethylene is 35 per cent dependent (2016), and Zhejiang province, with 22 per cent of the country ' s total import of polyethylene in January-April 2017, is the country ' s largest polyethylene import province. ethylene import is as much as 60 per cent dependent (2016), with polyesters being the main downstream use, with 40 per cent of the country ' s polyethylene production available.
Zhejiang, the province with the largest demand for ethanol. 38% of styrene imports (2016), Jiangsu and Zhejiang are the largest consumption and import provinces, together accounting for 86% of the country's imports, Ningbo petrochemical bases gathering at Dadal, Taiping, lg Xing and other abs, pss, etc.
In addition, Zhejiang is the country ' s third largest consumer, with 70 per cent domestic import dependency (2016).
2.5.3. Concerned about the industrial development of alpha- and high-performance polyolefins, we have a greater interest in the 2-stage axensalphahexol 1-hexene project, where the addition of high carbon atoms such as 1-heptene/1-octane a-cylene to the production of Hdpe and lldpe can lead to saturation
A significant increase in the degree to which polymer use is significantly enhanced and widely used for the import of high-end lldpe and hdpe. Due to the country ' s significant backwardness in the industrialization of a-butylene, the lack of resources for high carbon a-cylene such as 1-hdpe and 1-octane, production of lldpe/hdpe usually uses only 1-butylene as a condensed monomer, resulting in low end of the country ' s polyethylene product structure.
At present, there are only three sets of ethylene trichlorfon-1-hexene devices in Yinshan, Daeqing and Iosan, with a combined capacity of only 75,000 tonnes, with potential demand of over 600,000 tonnes if the national production of lldpe and hdpe are replaced by all of the monomers of 1-hexene.
It is expected that the introduction of the 1-hexylene project will alleviate the shortage of 1-hexene in the country. According to the lldpe and hdpe product labels, lldpe ethylbutyl is concentrated, ldpe ethylene is concentrated, and large pieces of blowing plastics, piped materials, film ethyl are assembled.
Hexaphene is self-sufficient and the second phase of ethylene co-polymer product has increased. We believe that with the introduction of the second phase of the 1-hexaphene device, the petrochemical lldpe/hdpe is likely to be further upgraded.
The downstream approach is also to produce chemical products with a certain degree of dependence on imports, mainly polypropylene granules with multiple specifications, one phase of production of acetone and acetyl acetylene.Acetone, part of which is used as a feedstock for biphenola, part of which is produced as polycarbonate, and part of which is produced as mma and surplus for takeout;
The domestic supply of acetylene is tight, and prices have been innovative in recent years, with 52 per cent consumption in the east of China. Ningpo petrochemical bases have large downstream customers of acetylene such as tiles, lg-hungsing, gold-sheeps, and no acetylene production capacity in the provinces. 90,000 tons of cyanol (ach)mma devices are mainly for the digestion of cyanide and ammonium sulfate by-products of acetylene.
Also concerned about the progress in domestic autonomy of the i-butylene oxidation method, particularly the direct methylation of step-by-step oxidation. Acetic acid and esters are not considered downstream. We believe that we are a net export country for acetic acid, as well as in the Zhejiang province of N-C. One stage of polypropylene, acetone, polycarbonate, acetylene, mma, acetylene products outlet, respectively 89.4, 13.6,
26, 27, 870, 680 tonnes of which polypropylene is concentrated in 540,000 tonnes, unregulated in 84,000 tonnes, and anti-influence in 270,000 tonnes.
The production of aromatic hydrocarbons is the subject of petrochemicals, with 4 million tons of benzene per period, 1.52 million tons of benzene per period, and 1.31 million tons of benzene for two periods of total export of benzene in two periods to supply to neighbouring pta enterprises such as Zhejiang.
One phase of downstream movement of pure benzene, mainly styrene and phenol-pc, with a small outlet; and part of phase II production of styrene, with 2.6.c., with ancillary and dependent engineering demonstration of professional nutrients and fine management capacity 2.6.1. Public utility works maximized the cost of enterprise combined energy
According to the RAC, the ZP project is equipped with nine 670t/h superpressurized coal boilers, eight back-to-back engine units, one of which is 5*670t/h (4 open one), 2*35mw+2*20mw.
With a total load of about 1,680t/h, the full plant load is 635mw, the steam supply is abundant, and the power supply is insufficient for outsourcing. Given the large surplus of steam, the power centre is more flexible, and some of the air-pressure machines and compressors will be driven by steam spectrometers.
The Centre also includes water supply works, saline water treatment stations (4461.5 t/h in phase I, 410.5 t/h in phase II), acetic plants, drainage projects, fuel delivery systems and corresponding environmental projects.
Municipal fish mountain petrochemicals, with a total investment of 3,473 million yuan in a period of 266 personnel, and construction is expected to start production in 2018, as well as coal-corque gas, pyrochemical coal-corrosing gas units based on coal and oil-based coke, hydrogen and synthetic gas production, helium gas as a hydrogen-filling device.
Replenishing hydrogen sources, synthetic gas as recombinant, aromatic hydrocarbons, pdh installation fuel gas.
In our view, in the region of China, where coal-fired indicators are valuable, petrochemicals can be accompanied by coal-fired boilers and coal-coated hydrogen sufficiency, the Zhejiang province's support for the Zhetolite project has in fact effectively reduced the cost of public works on the project.
PETEC docks are divided into the Fish Mountain Base project docks and the large docks off the base. The Fish Mountain Base docks are primarily responsible for the transportation of finished products, with a total of 25 berths, of which 4 are multi-purpose docks, with a total capacity of 6.18 million tonnes/year, and 16 oil and liquid chemicals terminal berths, with a total capacity of 8 at one time, with a total capacity of 6.18 million tons/year.
Thirty-seven million tonnes/year; five dry bulk terminal berths with a total capacity of 24.67 million tonnes/year. Fish hills are not suitable for the construction of 300,000 tonnes/years of piers, so the crude oil docks are located on the island and transported through seafloor pipelines. Ningpo-Changa harbour is the world’s top-ranked deep-water line length, with resources and position superior.
It's a perfect day. We have a 300,000-ton crude oil terminal, a 300,000-ton oil storage terminal, a 300-ton-grade terminal on a fishing island outside the canoe (including the docks and reservoirs project, which is almost complete); the 450,000-grade crude-oil terminal, a two-phase oil terminal on a canoe, was opened in May 2016; and a new Ning is to be built on the north-west side of the fishing island.
A public dock for 300,000 tons of oil off the port of Po-Chu, designed as one of the complementary docks for the recent discharge of petrochemical crude oil, with a capacity of 1.85 million tons and a total tank capacity of 550,000 cubic metres in the storage area, with a planned pipeline from the point of origin to the fish mountain, with the construction being carried out by the emergency storage company for oil fishing outside the port of Kyusawa, which is currently in the tender phase; and the trading of oil for the storage of oil on the Yusawa hill.
In addition, the project began in February 2017 with the launch of a construction ceremony; and in addition, there will be a gold year in which a 450,000 ton and more than 5 to 300,000 tones will be formed in the vicinity of the fish mountain to provide logistical security for the petrochemicalization of a single 50-km submarine pipeline in Yellowze Mountain and Fish Mountain.
In March 17, the oil depot and pipelines began work on a new mamme reservoir in Mamm, with a total of 40 million cubic metres of fuel in eight cans. In addition, a carbide reservoir is planned for Golden Pond Island.
The project was launched in December 16 by the China Oil Pipeline Authority. In addition, there are plans for the gold pond-fish hill submarine pipeline.
The main line is connected to the high speed of the canyon, the island, the island and the mountain, and is connected to the west-west.
The feeder line is connected and reserved for northward expansion, and the long-term extension will extend to Yoyama to Shanghai Podong, where the Hangzhou Bay Economic Circle will form a closed ring. Work on the Fish Mountain Bridge began in September 2016, and the construction bridge has been fully operational since April 2017. It has entered the main construction phase, and the builder is expected to complete the vehicle by the end of 2018, and the main line is expected to be completed by January 2017.
The company's announcement of 2 December 2017 revealed that public living facilities such as the ZEP office building, cafeteria, staff dormitories, etc. have been delivered, procurement of medium- and long-cycle equipment has been completed, civil construction and installation work is proceeding in an orderly manner with foreign countries.
We can also track the progress of construction on the company’s financial statements. In the third quarterly balance sheet, $5.15 billion in construction work is in progress, a significant increase of $3.7 billion over the six-month period, which is due to an increase in the installation of petrochemical earth construction and equipment; advances are higher than advances.
The semi-annual increase of $3.5 billion is the result of an increase in prepaid engineering equipment, and 1.7 billion other non-current assets, mainly land advances and equipment advances with a cycle of more than one year. In the cash flow statement, cash outflows of $8.44 billion to build fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets.
In addition, in 2017, the non-public share distribution project was moving faster and was approved by the Commission on 5 December 2017. As of November 2017, the sequestered shareholders had actually paid the registered capital of $17 billion, while the 60.7 billion dollar bank loan request for the project phase was under review and the remaining funds needed for the project ' s investment had been collected.
We do not think that the pace of construction and progress should be underestimated, and we expect to build a phase in 2018, test production in the refinery at the end of 2018, and test production in the chemical sector in the first half of 2019. 3. Fossilization together can create Zhejiang oil and build solid barriers to energy supply.
In September 2017, Zhejiang Province Energy Group co-financed the establishment of Zhejiang Province Oil Co. Ltd. (Zhejiang Oil), with a share of 40 per cent: 60 per cent, provincial state capital holdings, registered capital of 11 billion yuan, with an initial pledge of 3 billion yuan, which the company will finance from its own funds.
The Zhejiang energy supply group has a monopoly in Zhejiang Province, with very high barriers in the energy supply sector, which is a State-owned sole-sourced enterprise in Zhejiang Province and a provincial energy enterprise with the largest installed capacity, the largest asset, the most diversified energy industry, and a more profitable total of 1,800 assets.
Billions, net assets, $100 billion. The group is strong, with electricity, gas, coal, renewable energy, energy, five major energy industries, and financial + energy services, both supporting industries, with a monopoly on energy supply in Zhejiang province. 3.2. Zhejiang oil helps to break through policy barriers effectively.
Zhejiang oil operations involving crude oil, fuel oil, oil storage, logistics, wharfs, wholesale retailing, and exit/exit operations have strong policy barriers and have not been liberalized for private enterprises in the current environment. We believe that there can be hope for a two-way mixed ownership model through Zhejiang oil + Zhejiang oil + Zhelium petrochemicals .
Breaking through policy barriers in related areas and addressing key issues such as storage logistics, wholesale retailing, and export/import. 3.3. Building on the strength of its power, building provincial oil energy supply platforms.
Qualifications, wholesale retailing of finished oils, with more than 30 gas filling stations, sledging stations, and three reservoirs. According to the official public of Zhegen Group, the future of zolpide oil will revolve around three core plates of oil storage trade, fuel oil enrichment, and sale of finished oil, with an investment of 60 billion yuan in five years to build a 10 million-ton crude oil reserve.
Facilities, a 15 million-km-capable oil storage transit facility, a 1,000-km pipeline, a 1 million-km fuel injection facility and 700 distributed integrated supply stations. In 1305 alone, Zhejiang province has planned new highways and 3,000 km of national provincial roads ( " Zhejiang Province Consolidated " )
There are no obstacles to coordination between the Zhejiang provincial drop-out group and the Zhe Eng group, which are jointly financed by the Zhejiang group, and the Zhejiang oil target, which we believe will be achieved with more than 5 million tons of gas and diesel production in the first phase and more than 10 million tons in the second phase, which will supply Zhejiang oil.
Stable sources of oil; Zhejiang oil, which enables the distribution of finished oil and shares the profits of the retail chain; the two advantages complement each other and maximize the benefits. According to the data, Zhejiang province consumes about 8 million tons of gasoline per year, with just over 3 million tons of domestic production in the province, about 60% of which requires supplies from the province, and the emergence of Zhejiang and Zhejiang oil will effectively fill the province’s supply.
Gaps, and energy self-sufficiency. It is also important to stress that the depth of carbide and carbide energy is tied not only to the solution of the way out of the finished oil, the sharing of the profits of the finished oil, the retailing of the oil, but also to the further development of companies in high barriers, such as hydrocarbons, in the future.
3.4. Secularization should not be understood simply as conventional private refining, which, because of institutional constraints, is deeply embedded in conventional refining images that cast doubt on the future prospects of private refining projects under construction. We remind investors that there is a significant difference between petrochemicalization and Shandong refining models.
In top-level design, the petrochemicals are coordinated with the national strategy for the entire industrial chain of oil from the trading zone, with the strong support of the state and the provinces, and the industrial chains are guaranteed by their own aromatic needs and the huge downside needs of the finished oils and broths. From the construction, approval, to construction, to joint energy, a series of moves, speed, speed, speed, and speed.
The clarity of thinking, the repeated supermarkets and our expectations fully reflect the strong executive power of companies and provincial governments, the immeasurable dynamism and creativity of Zhejiang's economic development, and the spirit of Zhejiang, “doing, leading, standing up”.
In view of the above background, we do not think it should simply be understood as a conventional private refining project. In the future, 4.
We estimate the profitability of the petrochemical phase on the basis of material and investment (see appendix I for assumptions and parameters), and in the baseline oil price of US$ 60 per barrel, the net profit after the petrochemical tax is $12.9 billion, about 30 per cent higher than the company's estimate of $9.8 billion, which we believe is mainly due to two factors: 1. The EAC does not consider the supporting projects, and all steam, electricity, storage and transportation are external.
Purchases, and we consider matching, cost reductions; 2. Chemical landscapes vary from time to time. Overall, both the epoch and ours, petrochemicals show higher profitability, higher depreciation and financial costs, ebitda are higher, consistent with our judgment that they are competitive.
4.2. Compared to Shanghai petrochemicals, the profit-based calculations for zolpidem are reasonable. Although not comparable in scale, there are also aromatic hydrocarbons and ethylene downstream products, which are highly integrated and the only single-body refineries with detailed financial data disclosure, so we will measure some of the indicators of the results.
In comparison with the Shanghai PIC 2016 report, there are little differences in sales costs, with companies and upper petrochemicals each having advantages in sales; management costs are less than 0.8 percentage points less than Shanghai petrochemicals, and given the high cost of repair of old antichemical devices and less efficient management than private enterprises.
We believe that the results are reasonable; that the financial costs vary considerably, which is the main disadvantage of carcinogenization; that because of the more radical method of depreciation we use, the average depreciation age is much lower than Shanghai petrochemical, and that the rate of carbide maori is lower than Shanghai petrochemical (after deduction from trade): we have also compared the cash operating costs of a single ton of crude oil, but because of the number of persons who are in Shanghai petrochemical.
Too much, it would be more reasonable to compare the processing costs of crude oil, wages, depreciated extratons, which should be less than upper petrochemical in terms of size and equivalent device energy consumption, but more complex in terms of processing depth, higher than upper petrochemicals, which are estimated to be 680 yuan/tons less than above upper petrochemicals, which we believe is reasonable.
4.3. The price of oil retrospectively demonstrates the ideal anti-risk capabilities of carcinogenization, and we have charted annual carcinogen profits for the past five years in relation to the historical price of all products, which for most of the time have been well measured. What needs to be explained is that, in order to simplify, inventory returns are not taken into account here at all.
When crude oil prices fluctuate significantly, downstream product price volatility lags to varying degrees, as shown by the rapid rise in oil prices, the result of which is significantly narrower, and the rapid decline in oil prices, which increases significantly, so that the following figure is not very indicative during periods of sharp fluctuations in oil prices. We discuss the following according to the three stages of oil prices:
In 2013 and before, oil prices amounted to $100/bpb: domestic refineries suffered more than 6 billion dollars in this period, even in the most profitable towns and cities, but petrochemical calculations also yielded more than 10 billion dollars in profits during this period. The reason is that the dramatic expansion of pre-natal benefits for benzene in East Asia in 2014 was more profitable than at present.
In 2014, the price of oil stabilized in the first half of the year, and fell sharply in the second half: we saw a sharp contraction in the first half of the year.
This is mainly due to a short-term sharp drop in the production of benzene during the discharge of East Asian capacity and a return to profit when px stabilized. The price of oil fell sharply in the second half of the year, and the price margin increased as downstream prices lagged, and the price of oil fell sharply because of stock effects, which actually hurt the refinery, and the results were not meaningful.
After 2015, oil prices recovered steadily: during a period of stabilization of low oil prices, the refinery’s profits went to a high level, especially in an integrated plant with sufficient chemical depth and breadth, such as petrochemical and urban refining, and downstream chemicals prices fell far short.
Less than the fall in oil prices (the price drop in the figure is much smaller than in upstream products) and is more resilient to cyclical fluctuations. The price base has recovered steadily, with better patterns of chemicals rising more than crude oil, and the overall profitability remains strong even if the amount of benzene is no longer the same.
Risk resistance usually depends on two factors, namely whether products are differentiated, which is good for carcinogens and pure benzene derivatives: optimization within the process, which is also fundamental, and the advantage of carbide integration planning and process configuration. Therefore, we believe that carbide is ideal for risk resistance.
4.4. Price elasticity of major products. Chemical products accounted for the largest share of revenue, at 39.3 per cent, with gas, wood, kerosene, 18.7 per cent, 8.8 per cent, 8.9 per cent, and dibenzene, 21.3 per cent, and chemical varieties, styrene, polypropylene, polyethylene, ethylene diol and polycarbonate, respectively.
For example, we made price elastic calculations for the above-mentioned products, as shown in figure 34. Rds+rfcc+ Delayed Focalization in the refinery is a very mature process technology in the country, stable and reliable, operational experience sufficient, diesel-hydrocracking units are not available in the country, but the company has accumulated some experience in the use of gold petrochemicals, so...
We believe that there is a high probability of a one-time fullness of the petrochemical oil refinery. Since the test production of the petrochemical oil predates the production of ethylene, consideration is given to the scenarios of ethylene non-opening and ethylene downstream chemicals. In addition, consideration is given to future price decline scenarios for products.
Scenario ii: Full plant load and lower product prices. Gas, kerosene, 500 yuan/ton diesel, $100/ton for benzene, pure benzene, ethanol, 20,000 yuan/ton, etc.
This pdh and polypropylene devices are open at the appropriate load. Adjusted material: c2 in the fission material as fuel gas, c4 as lpg, and other as light oil for the chemical industry; full sale of pure benzene, adjustment of petrol tanks, adjustment of accessories/catalysts, common works based on plant energy consumption, distribution of fixed asset values as devices, no financial cost adjustment, neglect of others
Balance factor. Market price for products. Scenario iv: refined oils, ethylene cracks are full and downstream chemical devices are not open. Other downstream chemical devices are not open, except for ethylene cracking, crack gasoline plus helium, butadiene pumping, pdh, polypropylene, and other adjusted products.
The results show that the project will make a profit of $8 billion even if the price of the product is taken into account as a result of the deterioration in the supply-demand relationship. In the iii and iv scenarios, depreciation and financial costs have a significant impact on the outcome, taking into account the actual commencement of work, the non-consolidation of the production component, and the borrowing has taken place and therefore the financial cost has not been adjusted, respectively.
We separate profits from refined oils & aromatics, fissions - ethylenes, ethylenes - chemicals based on three scenarios: i, iii, iv. (Commodity quartz oil prices are not meaningful for integrated refineries, so refining oils and aromatic hydrocarbons are no longer broken down. The profits in 4.5 need to be revised before they are split to exclude the financial value of the unworked portion of the investment.
Cost implications, profits under the modified iii and iv scenarios of 6.3 billion and 9 billion yuan, respectively. The profits of the refined oils & aromatic hydrocarbons, fissions-ethylene, ethylene-chemicals are 63, 27 and 3.9 billion yuan, respectively. The combined proceeds of the chemical industries, except the pp., are close to 40 billion, corresponding to about 10% net interest rate, with a reasonable result; and 1.48 billion tons of ethylene, 2.7 billion profits, also basic.
4.7. Future profitability outlook: 60 per cent of gasoline in Zhejiang province is missing, provincial oil companies have pre-positioned and finished oils have been produced.
The way out is not a problem; in the case of aromatic hydrocarbons, the impact on the overall profitability of the price of benzene has been limited owing to the cost of non-integrated devices (detailed by section V); in the case of aromatic hydrocarbons, the growth in demand for ethylene equivalents has been strong and there is a potential for further stimulation, and the existing planned production capacity will not reverse the supply and demand pattern.
Chemical integration plants will continue to generate higher profits; if oil prices rise in the future, on the one hand, the retrospective results of oil prices indicate that petrochemicals are still more competitive, and on the other, that there is a greater room for adaptation to future raw materials and product environments in phase II. Markets are concerned about excess domestic refining capacity, and in fact, there is a substantial boost in the investment and threshold of oil refining projects.
There are few projects, and oil refining is not expanding at an accelerated pace (see appendix II to the present report: progress in domestic refining projects). In terms of worldwide refining, expansion is slower, countries such as Japan and Australia are losing production capacity, and older refineries with poor domestic product structures are likely to be eliminated.
Moreover, we believe that domestic competition, petrochemicals, and so on, should not be the focus of attention. Based on these calculations and analysis, we believe that carcinogenization is more profitable and risk-resistant.
5. Not only is it petrochemical, but the progress in refining it is worth noting. The market has a relatively poor expectation of gold petrochemicals in wholly-owned subsidiaries, considering it to be merely a base for dibenzene, and even a perception that with the release of dibenzene production, it will become a drag. We believe that, on the contrary, Ningbo, on the contrary,
China Gold Base is an important part of the company ' s petrochemical industry layout, and there is a possibility for a second refinery to develop in the future, with 100 per cent of the growth contribution of equity not to be associated with agrochemicalization.
With the exception of China and Asia, where the production of benzene devices has reached a peak, new production capacity is expected in the next few years. New domestic production can be mainly in the form of smelting integration projects, large investments, high thresholds, but substantial advances are not possible. By 2019, the real increase in domestic capacity is only 8.35 million tons of petrochemical and hemolytic refining, and we expect total production.
With 22.3 million tonnes, yielding 18.5 million tonnes; and with respect to demand, a combined growth rate of 8% for domestic polyester polymer production in 2015-2017, taking into account natural growth in demand and incentives for primary polyester demand from the no-waste order, we expect that growth will remain at 35% for the next two years. In addition, four domestic companies will produce more than 50% of the production of benzene in 2019, which is counterproductive.
The conditions for eligibility of dumping applicants do not preclude future anti-dumping against Japan and Korea. By 2025, 22.2 million tonnes of refined integration were claimed, and the refining project was difficult to move forward.
Positioning for the production of high-octaline gasoline, which is theoretically regulated by multi-yielding gasoline to oil-producing aromatic products, is subject to high levels of financial input, distance from markets and economies of scale, and we expect real capacity to produce 31 million tons, while demand is expected to reach 40.5 million tons, leaving a shortfall of almost 10 million tons.
The investment threshold and current profitability determine the willingness to invest, and for the polyester chain, we believe that: The high threshold for the refining chain and the long cycle of diphenyl ethers, which are weak for most fibre-optic enterprises, are extremely difficult to move forward and should not overestimate the rate of expansion.
The low polyester threshold, especially for conventional varieties, low investments, short cycles, and the current willingness to invest in profitability should not be underestimated. pta has been recovering since this year, and reproducing capacity has been largely absorbed by demand growth, but due to chronic excess and preponderance.
Unsecure, pta investment remains cautious, and we are relatively optimistic about future pta profits. In 2019, if petrochemicals are successfully put into production, the company’s equity capacity for benzene, pta, polyesters will reach 360, 600, 2.2 million tons, respectively.
The absolute advantage of the link is its ability to withstand profit fluctuations from the upstream production cycle. Therefore, it should not be too pessimistic about the future impact on the expansion of dibenzene.
Long-term improvements in the overall core competitiveness of the country ' s textile industry, and control of pricing power in the global trading system. The refining project not only guarantees the minimum cost of fibre-optics, but also the depth, breadth, and wall size of the petrochemical industry and the degree of integration are key to determining the profitability of benzene devices.
Crude oils, fuel oils, quartz oils, mx can be used as the starting material for the production of dibenzene, with integration ranging from high to low, and with greater integration, the lower the cost, but with total investment, long construction periods, and a higher access threshold for crude oil-based refining integration.
The return on investment in non-integrated devices has fallen sharply, as the overall supply has declined. At the left of the figure, there is a comparison between the historical profits of the Central and Shandong plants.
Tons/year, fuel oils purchased outside oil refineries are used for the production of recombinant quarries, aromatic devices are used for the production of self-produced quartz oils and extracerebral oils to maximize the production of dibenzene, while pure benzene is produced, by-products of c5/c6 distilled oils, residual oils, liquefied petroleum gas and heavy aromatic hydrocarbons are produced, rehydrated hydrogen generated by aromatic devices is used by oil refineries and equipped with a certain level of refining equipment
A plant in Shandong produces millions of tons of grade capacity, outside of which the oil is purchased as an initial raw material, the helium can't be used for recombinant purposes, and it has a low degree of integration. Even in 2013, when the price gap was higher for diphenyl-pestocepha, a plant in Shandong made less than $500 million in profits, then, under the influence of a sharp drop in oil prices and a narrow price margin, there was a loss for two consecutive years in 2014 and 2015, in the middle.
As can be seen from the net profit of 420 million net profits from the start of gold petrochemical work in only 4 months in 2015, the difference in oil prices for benzene-pestocephale measured only the level of profitability of non-integrated devices.
In the recent climate of high chemical production, the demand for petrocephalus (which usually has a small price difference) has increased significantly, and the price gap for it has indirectly reduced the price gap for diphenyl-pestocephale. In fact, the difference in oil prices for diphenyl-pestocepha is only a measure of the profitability of the equipment for the export of paracephale, whereas for the integrated refineries, the price of diphenyls and oils has fluctuated in the same direction.
The price difference is stable, chemical profits increase and overall profits increase, so the difference in oil prices is not significant for integrated refineries. 5.4. Non-integrated installation costs will support product prices
At present, Asia has about 45 million tons of benzene production capacity, 70% of which are in the process of refining, 30% of which are in the process of acquiring raw materials, and two of Korea’s six largest enterprises with no integration advantages. In addition to the differences in levels of integration, the size also affects the competitiveness of the installation, and there are more small- and medium-scale installations in Asia, particularly in Japan, where nearly 4 million tons of production is distributed from 8 to 9 in the north.
The region has less than 400,000 tons per plant; nearly half of the country's 17 plants are under 800,000 tons. For example, the basic balance of supply and demand in the pre-Asian context, with 19 years of domestic extraction of integrated production, can put pressure on the price of benzene, but the first to be hit will be non-integrated and small-scale devices, their cost lines (commodities).
Pyrocephalus/mx prices + processing fees) will support the price of dibenzene more strongly. We believe that the new dibenzene production energy of the refined integrated route, represented by zolpidem, is larger, more sophisticated and less energy-intensive, and will recover the competitiveness of the benzene chain from countries like Japan and Korea.
5.5. Central gold petrochemicals will further increase the degree of integration 5.5.1. At present, there are constraints on the load of the refinery areas, which are divided into refined oils and aromatic plates, where there are currently no hydrogen-producing units, and where the hydrogen-filling units are heavy.
The whole unit is supplied with hydrogen by-products, the aromatic aromatics are fully loaded, but the size of the refined oil is limited by hydrogen, the size of the optimized space is small, and the load of the fuel oil by-products is constrained by the size of the oil head (only 4 million tons of fuel oil separation units), the volume of the by-products is low, further processing is uneconomical, resources such as dry gas, lpg, light-pestal oil are not fully exploited, and the size and integration of the refined oil is not fully exploited.
The current profitability of gold petrochemicals is determined not by the price differentials for diphenyl-pessal oils alone, but by the difference in the price of diphenyl-pessal oils and diphenyl-fuels. Hydrocephalus is a multi-purpose feedstock, and future North-East Asia’s scarcity patterns are not the same.
Fuel oil, under the impact of the new International Maritime Organization regulations for bunker oil (sulphur emissions from 3.5 per cent to 0.5 per cent at present), is not going to meet the standards for emissions of sulphur from existing bunker oils, while refinery raw materials and processes are not flexible enough to adjust in the short term, and some fuel oil requirements (lea expects 2 million barrels per day) are going to be met.
The price of fuel oil will be relatively low as a result of the conversion to the demand for distilled oil. By increasing the amount of fuel oil processing and increasing the degree of integration, China ' s profitability could be further improved.
The China-China petrochemicals project, which recently completed approval, will build a new hydrogen production line for existing by-products as a plant-wide hydrogen guarantee system. The project is meant to make full use of the by-products of crude synthetic gas, dry gas, low-hydrogen gas, supplement the plant-wide hydrogen gas, increase the load of the refinery and increase the processing of fuel oil.
We expect the TRP to be completed in 2018, with an increase of $500-70 million in efficiency gains.
In the long run, the new regulations on bunker oil will eventually allow the refinery to replace raw materials or upgrade equipment to meet low sulphur content demand, with uncertainty about the price of fuel oil. Only crude oil, with genuine refining integration, will lead to a further reduction in costs, while taking full advantage of the plant ' s light resources to develop high-end attachments such as ethylene.
Valuable chemicals can also significantly increase the competitiveness of the plant and achieve the combined aromatic aromatics. There is plenty of room in the Central Gold Pulse Plant area, and there is a great potential for expansion. Logically, we can tell that this is the future direction of gold petrochemical development. This is more meaningful than simply expanding production for benzene.
On the other hand, a successful launch of the petrochemical phase has enabled the company to develop a full-scale business of refining. There is a possibility that the petrochemical business model will replicate the petrochemical process by creating complete aromatic hydrocarbons and aromatic plates that will lead to true refining integration. In fact, Nimba is one of the seven major 60 million tons of petrochemical sites planned by the country, except for the second phase of refining the town seas.
There is still a wealth quota of 15-20 million tons, and China’s petrochemicals are the most likely local enterprises to cut into oil refining. Thus, we believe that, while concrete progress is difficult to define precisely, petrochemicals may not be the company’s only refinery, and that the gradual evolution of China’s gold petrochemicals into an integrated refining plant is likely to occur.
6.1. The green petrochemical base in the canoe mountain is more than merely carbide, and according to the General Development Plan for the Green Fossil Base in the canoe mountain, the centre of construction in the near future is the phase of petrochemical refining;
In addition to phase II of petrochemical refining, work will be initiated on the development of new chemical materials and chemical precision industrial functional areas: in the long term, work will be carried out to expand oil refining, chemical materials, chemical precision industries, with a focus on the development of new petrochemical areas that are compatible with new and emerging industries such as modern manufacturing, new energy sources, life sciences and so forth, and effective integration with the near- and medium-term product chains, leading to internationalization.
So we believe that the future green petrochemical base is not only a petrochemical enterprise, it is not just a refining project. The map below is a map of the green petrochemical base, which can be divided into one phase of refining, two phases of refining, public works, etc.
The high-end service industry, forward refining, storage logistics, and deep processing of seven blocks downstream of petrochemicals. We believe that there will be more businesses and projects in the green petrochemical base in the canoe, with petrochemical or listed companies as platforms, with more priority opportunities for cooperation and potential in the future in the entire petrochemical industry chain.
Figure 51: Planning chart for the Green Fossilized Base in Chaoshan, 6.2. China (Zhejiang) Free Trade Pilot Zone, Zhejiang Free Trade Zone, is located in Khungshan. Ningbo-Changshan Harbour is the world's rare deep-water harbour, long-sleeved shore line, not for the rest of the year.
With the construction of the Hangzhou Bay Cross-Sea Bridge, the narrow disadvantage of the past road has ceased, and in 2016 Shenzhen became the second largest port in the country (in accordance with Teu).
In 2016, we imported 380 million tons of crude oil, 60% of which was stored at Ningpo-Changshan port, in transit. Using the oil chain as an entry point, the entire oil chain became the country’s core of the Zhejiang trade zone.
The Project is a core international petrochemical base, an international oil storage base centred on oil reserves, an international maritime service base centred on a guaranteed fuel supply, and an international oil trading centre centred on the oil trade. Zhejiang's self-trade zone, Eto petrochemical industry chain, is dedicated to building “Houston, China.”
An ambitious blueprint has been launched. 6.3. Ningbo-Chu Hill is forming a trillion-class petrochemical industry cluster.
The expansion of the chemical base (one of the seven planned petrochemical bases in the country) is not isolated. Ning Pocahontas, which is separated from the water in the canoe, includes the town seas (the Ningpo petrochemical economic development zone), the North Lon (the Ningpo economic development zone), the Dachang (the Great China development area) and three geographical areas, as shown in figure 23, with the urban sea refining, the central gold petrochemicals, the Great Pyrochemicals, the Zhejiang.
Large petrochemical enterprises such as Fumeng, Ningpolivan, lg Xinghing, Taichung, See Long, Hangzhou Bay Bay, Sunzawa Rubber, K$, etc. Chelm chemical products such as px, acrylic acetylene, butadiene, styrene etc. are available to Ning after delivery.
Inorganic chemicals such as liquid ammonia, sulphate, and salami produced at Ningpo Pulse Base are available for supply to and synergy of materials. The Ningpo+Chu Pulse Base will have 5.1 million tons of refined oil + 6.3 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons + 2.5 million tons of ethylene and chemicals in the near future.
Prospective consideration of phase II, phase II, phase II, phase II of refining the town, and medium-term forward planning for central gold petrochemicals will result in 101 million tons of refined oil + 12 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons + 6 million tons of ethylene and chemical products + downstream processing capacity (promotion I, phase II + petrochemical, phase II + petrochemical I, phase II + middle gold +
A trillion-class petrochemical industry cluster is emerging. We believe that, with its unique geographical location, precision and sound policy support, based on a strong hinterland economy, the development of a “private camp, green, international, trillion, flagship”, the Ningpo-Chang mountain petrochemical base will hopefully grow into Singapore's Xulong Island, South Korea.
The company has two core platforms of central gold petrochemicals and petrochemicals at the Ningpo and Cao Hill petrochemical bases, respectively, which together are expected to reach 60 million tons of refined oil + 11.2 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons + 4 million tons of ethylene and downstream deep processing as a region.
The company has more opportunities for cooperation on projects, and there is much room for future development. It is proudly petrochemical, and it can be described as a tidal wave of private refining.
The company has an equity capacity of 6 million tons pta, 1.7 million tons polyester, and 1.6 million tons of dibenzene.
At that time, the company will be able to refine the size of its refined oil and chemical products far above Shanghai Stone, compared to the hundreds of billions of dollars in market value of three barrels of oil on its shoulder. No consideration will be given to the contribution of increased hair and carbide (see the main part of the profit projections for petrochemicals) and the company is expected to be net in 17-19.
16x, let's look at the company's future growth space and maintain a buy-in rating. Project construction is not going as fast as expected. Refinement projects are invested in large amounts of work, long construction periods, and there is a risk of project construction and output falling short of expectations.
Oil prices fluctuate significantly. Companies’ profits are more affected by crude oil prices in the cycle industry, with pta and aromatics, among others. If oil prices continue to be high, downstream products may find it difficult to transfer the full cost or erode the refinery’s profits.
9. Appendix I: Presuming and parameters for the calculation of the profit from carbide 9.1. Estimates of investment costs and amendments The company disclosed that the profit from the petrochemical phase did not take into account the supporting projects, in fact the power centre, the docks, etc.
The package is carried out by carcinogenization or speculating fully-financed subsidiaries of fish mountain petrochemicals, so we take into account the four packages of power centres, fish mountain codes, undersea pipelines, and maram reservoirs (and adjusted accordingly in the context of cost estimates), while the rest of the packages are left unattended due to unknown data on investment, etc., for total investment, fixed asset value, loan amount
The amendments are detailed in the table below. 9.2. To estimate the price of crude oil at the base price of Dubai;
(a) FOB = base price + oil seed rise;
Since the marim reservoir and the marm-fish hill submarine pipeline are complementary projects, only crude oil port incidentals and surface pipeline charges (total $30/ton) are considered; 9.3 raw materials (including power centre raw materials), product prices and quantities
The price of raw materials and products is provisionally based on the November 20, 2017 market in Vandwadong, the corresponding price of Dubai crude oil is just $60 per ton, the price of coal is based on the freight cost of the ring sea power coal q5500+30, the price of the finished oil is based on the sale price of the Central petrochemical Public Division, the price of polycarbonate is at the import price of $3000, and investors are free to consider production on the basis of elasticity.
Figure 29 below refers to the quantity of products. It should be noted that there is a deviation in the amount of pure benzene sold by the company during the first phase of the project, which we have revised to 2288 million tons according to the material balance.
Based on the CEP data, it is estimated that the main components include water (for unknown portfolio investment data, temporary consideration for outsourcing), electricity out-sourcing, waste disposal (for unknown portfolio investment data, provisional consideration for outsourcing), power centre costs, out-sourcing fuel gas, and power centre self-supply for plant-wide vapour and some part of self-generation, as can be seen from part II of this report, which is omitted here.
9.3.2. Cost and cost parameters Depreciation of fixed assets: straight-line calculation of depreciation, 15 years of depreciation of plant and equipment, 20 years of depreciation of building and 3 per cent residual value;
The average amortization of intangible assets for 10 years;
Repair costs: 3 per cent of the original value of fixed assets (net of interest on the construction period); Safe production costs: 0.2 per cent of sales income; R & D costs: 0.2 per cent of sales income;
(b) Municipal construction taxes and education surcharges: calculated at 7 per cent and 5 per cent of the consumption tax, respectively;
(b) The income tax rate is calculated at 25 per cent. The full plant load is provisionally calculated at 100 per cent, with other scenarios being discussed separately.
10. Appendix II: Progress of domestic refining projects. Market concerns about excess refining capacity will include an inventory of the seven major petrochemical bases in the country, the four main refining sites in China, and some 25 planned new refining/extension projects such as China Oil and China Sea Oil.
10.1. The seven major petrochemical bases planned by the State Council, 10.1.1. The Great Company Longsing Island, and the Great Company Longsing Island, have signed two subsequent refining projects, namely, China Oil Changsing Island and Longsing Island, respectively.
The 25 million-tonne refining integration project for the China-Russian energy cooperation strategy project, with a total planned investment of 55 billion yuan, 15 million-tonne/year Russian oil refining and downstream processing capacity, and 25 million-tonne/year-old oil refining project for phase II, which is actually the China-China oil-column petrochemical relocation project referred to in 2013, with only an environmental evaluation.
We do not believe that there has been any substantial progress since the early stages of the geological survey and so on. 20 million tonnes/year refining integration projects, with shareholders in constant shares, with 20 million tonnes/year refining, 4.34 million tonnes/year px, with a total investment of 56 billion yuan.
In September 2015, when it was approved by the Governing Council, it entered the phase of substantial construction in 2017, with the construction planned for the end of 2018.
Cao Cao Cao has signed seven projects for refining, and Cao Cao Cao Cao's 10 million-ton oil refining project, which is being financed by the China Pinocchio branch, with 12 million tonnes/year oil refining, 1 million tonnes/year px, with a total planned investment of 26.8 billion yuan. The project is in fact a petrochemical relocation project.
As early as 2005, the project was set up, but progress was slow, with the approval of the Ministry of Environment and the IDB in 2014, but it was put on hold and never started. Recently, the petrochemical relocation of Yinshan was re-opened and re-opened because of the release of water resources in the Yu Anjin area, but we expect that progress will remain very slow and that there is no substantial progress at this time.
The main difficulties are: 1. The cost of dismantling the relocation is sometimes more expensive than the cost of new construction; in fact, most of the relocation projects are closed down, new extension works are built in different locations, and the duration of the settlement or termination of compensation negotiations is long.
The issue of the relocation of neighbouring enterprises has generally formed a cluster of chemical industries around the old refineries, which depend on the raw materials of the refineries, and the relocation of downstream chemical enterprises will face a lack of raw materials. 4. Neighborhood avoidance, where the local population is not necessarily “welcome”.
One petrochemical 15 million tons of refining integration project, contracted in 2015 for investment by the Hebei shallow-sea petrochemicals group, with 15 million tons of refined oil, 3 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons, slag oil plus hydrogen devulcanization + heavy oil catalytic fragmentation + hydrogen cleavage case, with only a small part of the preliminary work, such as the Marine Environment Impact Assessment, which we consider to be non-existent
The 15 million tons refining integration project in the Gulf of the Middle East, signed in May 2016, currently only a small part of the pre-work such as sea publicity, which we do not consider to be substantial, has not been advanced. The 15 million tons/year refining integration project, signed in March 2017 by the Xuyang group (main coal industry)
In September 2017, the Hebei Provincial Development and Rehabilitation Commission issued a circular for the approval of projects (which is not a very difficult process because the projects in the seven petrochemical bases were approved by the Provincial Development and Rehabilitation Commission). The EPR has not yet started and is still in the process of being developed in the lead-up to the ETC.
The Xinhua petrochemical 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project, signed in March 2017, was invested by the Xinhua Joint Metallurgical Control Group (SGC). The project was 20 million tons of refined oil, 5.57 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons, 800,000 tons of polypropene, total investment.
Sixty billion dollars, in two series of constructions, one line of combing, and two series of hydrogen. Only the first E.C.E. has been published, with no details, and we believe that it has not been substantially advanced.
In any case, Cao Cao has been the slowest of the seven petrochemical bases, and there are no real landing projects.
Ten-ton aromatic aromatics, 5-ton aromatics, and even Cloud Harbour have been contracted for a gold masonry and rainbow refining project. The Central petrochemical masonry removal project, which has 18 million tons of refined oil, was launched in 2014, as it is closer to Nanjing City, with a ten-year plan for relocation, settled at a petrochemical industrial base in Lian Yung, and subsequently moved, and most of it.
The Relocation Project, like the Relocation Project, is no longer mentioned, and we believe that it has not been substantially advanced. The Rainbow Refining Integration Project, which is financed by the Rainbow Group, has 16 million tons of refined oil, 2.8 million tons of px, 1.1 million tons of ethylene and its accompanying downstream, with a total investment of 77.6 billion yuan, will be constructed in two phases, with the first phase of oil refining.
In April 2017, the Ministry of the Environment received a request for approval from the Rainbow Refinement Euratomy Review, and in September 2017, the Jiangsu Provincial Development Commission issued a pre-approval announcement for the Rainbow Refinement Project, which has not yet been approved by the Ministry of the Environment and has yet to be built.
The problem cannot be solved, and we do not expect the project to be operational in the 13-year period.
The Shanghai Pyrochemical Base Project is a project for the integration of high-bridge petrochemicals. 20 million tons of petrochemicals are for the integration project, which includes 15 million tons of refined oil, 5 million tons of lubricating oil, 1 million tons of ethylene and ancillary downstream. The project was considered to be a 13 million tons petrochemical refinery at high-bridge.
As high-bridge petrochemicals are located in the Shanghai region, environmental stress is greatest, and logically the probability of high-bridge closing and off-site construction is greatest in all relocation projects. Given the current situation, high-bridge petrochemicals may be phased out within 2-3 years, but are influenced by “neighbourhood” thinking.
The new project for the construction of new remote sites, which has not progressed at all and which we consider to have been the only one for which the EAC has been conducted, has not been substantial. The Ningbo Pulse Project and its extended base have included two projects for the refining of the town seas, phase II, and the expanse of the porcelain river.
According to our research, the project has been slow and has not been substantially advanced, owing to the “neighbourhood” mentality and other factors. 40 million tons of petrochemical integration projects, as highlighted in this paper, are being fully developed.
It is expected that production will be completed by the end of 2018, and carcinogenization is the only substantial advance in the construction of Ningbo and its extended base.
The Fujiang Gure petrochemical base has been contracted for the Gure Project for the Integration of Refineries, which had a certain bias in the market perception. 16 million tons of refined oil, 1.2 million tons of ethylene and downstream were planned, but the investors decided to invest only one million tons of ethylene and the lower half of it, influenced by a number of factors.
In January 2016, the project was approved by the Fujian Provincial Environmental Protection Agency and the DRC, but has not yet started, and it is expected that the project will start on 26 December.
In addition, in the current phase of talks at which the Guéré Foyo refining project was described by the Guéré petrochemical base officials network as an intention to introduce it, the Guéré petrochemical million-ton ethylene-grade and downstream deep processing project is the only project that the Gure petrochemical base is expected to carry out in a substantial manner and that could start work during the 13th Five-Year Period, without any additional refining capacity.
10.1.7. The second phase of the expansion of the refining of China Sea Oil State in Guangdong Huaizhou is a core project for the thirteenth and fifth period of the Greater Asia Bay petrochemical base in Huaizhou, 12 million tons of refining oil in China Sea Oil State, 850,000 tons of px in 2009 and 10 million additional permanent depressure in the second phase.
One million tons of ethylene. We note that a lot of consulting statistics suggest that there are 1 million tons of px, and that the project has actually been approved without any expansion of the diphenylene device. As we know, the AAH-2 device currently has only extraction units, and new products are 400,000 tons of pure benzene for its own use, 360,000 tons of benzene and 480,000 tons of benzene for its sale, and the follow-up movement is uncertain.
Construction began in 2013 with the launch of the refinery area in October 2017 and the production of ethylene is expected to start early next year; in fact, Huezhou has a coal-chemical px project, which signed an agreement in 2013 with the Western Coal Chemical Engineering Centre and the Central Pulse Loyang Project to develop a 200,000-ton methanol-based px (tmta) demonstration
The project, which is currently not progressing owing to technical problems and the sharp drop in oil prices, is the only project that has been completed for the seven petrochemical bases.
During the “13th Five-Year” period, it is planned to invest $200 billion to optimize the upgrading of four world-class refining bases in Nanking, Shanghai, Jinhai and Mao.
China's petrochemical base in Nanjing, where 18 million tons of refined oil, 700,000 tons of px and 12.5 million tons of petrochemical oil, 850,000 tons of px, and 800,000 tons of ethylene are located, has developed over the years, with very limited environmental capacity, and we judge that there will be no further expansion.
10.2.2. Central petrochemical Shanghai base. 13 million tons of refined oil, 14 million tons of refined oil, 850,000 tons of px,
Two refining bases of 850,000 tonnes of Ethylene and the Shanghai Secorylene base, which are planned for the future as high-bridge petrochemicals have stopped, and 20 million tons of new projects have been built, as mentioned earlier. If high-bridge petrochemicals have stopped and have not yet been built, they will open up the Chinese market.
10.2.3. There is currently 23 million tons of refined oil, 650,000 tons of px and 1 million tons of ethylene from the Mesochemical Ningbo base, with two phases of planning, which we consider to be currently without substantial progress, as described above.
10.2.4. The China-Pulsified Shizuku base The China-Pulsified Shizuku base currently has 21.5 million tons of petrochemical oil, 1 million tons of ethylene and 5 million tons of ethylene from the Yangtze East. The two refineries are planned for the new Chinese refining project.
1 million tonnes of ethylene, production capacity of 1 million tonnes/year, has not been advanced for a long period of time. After optimal adjustment, the normal pressure relief device has been adjusted to 10 million tonnes/year, and the ethylene device has been adjusted to 800,000 tonnes/year, with no px. As of August 2017, the process of refining is still in the stage of partial installation, with the official plan to start production in 2020.
The package will be slow, and in the first half of the year the media showed that the Chinese smelting unit is suspected of data forgery and illegal subcontracting, and we believe that it will not be in production before 2020. Central smelting is the only new project that was fully advanced during the 13th century of China ' s petrochemicals.
10.3. Other refining projects 10.3.1. In the case of oil clouds and petrochemical oils, the original programme heavy oil processing route was slag oil plus hydrogen devulcanization + heavy oil catalytic fragmentation, which was then adjusted
Work began on a five-year basis in August 2017 and was the only new project to be produced during the 13th period of Petromin. 10.3.2. Central Petroleum Commission Guangdong petrochemical Central Committee 20 million tonnes/year heavy oil processing project has been subject to several negotiations since 2010, I
In fact, whether it is the 2010 ECP or the 2013 actual tender, we believe that it is no longer possible to adapt to the current oil price and product environment, that the project will need to be re-engineered and that substantial progress will be required if it is to move forward.
10.3.3. The project on precision chemical engineering and raw materials engineering in the weapons industry will be built jointly by China Military Industries Group, Saudi Arabian Oil Company, and Aquateur Industries Group with limited responsibility. The three parties signed a cooperation agreement in May 2017, with a total investment of 71.1 billion yuan in the project plan.
The construction of a combined 15 million tonnes/year refined oil, 1 million tonnes/year ethylene, 1.4 million tonnes/year px and downstream synthetic tree resins and fine-chemist deep-processing units in the new area of Jinyodong Bay, coupled with the construction of a 300,000 tonnes-grade crude oil terminal. We do not believe that it has any substance at present in the ongoing expansion of its agenda, with 5 million tonnes refined oil in China's northern petrochemical project.
Construction is planned for 2018; Central petrochemical southern refining phase II, 5 million tons of refined oil, 1 million tons of ethylene and 1 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons, which are in the process of pre-evaluating; Central Chemical Spring State is being expanded by 3 million tons of condensed oil, 1 million tons of ethylene and 80 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons, which is scheduled to be completed by December 2020: the current expansion of the distillation oils in China and China is being carried out by the China Sea.
The main production of benzene and mixed benzene does not increase the refining capacity, and an additional 6 million tons of refined oil expansion programmes have not yet been implemented.According to the above, few projects have been substantially advanced.
There have been few real substantial advances. Of the new projects, only three have been built, namely, Central Sr., Helium. Pulse. Pulsification.
The details of the above-mentioned projects are not repeated in this report. 10.5 No accelerated expansion of oil refining 60 million tons of oil refining, no significant difference from the additions over the past seven years, and no accelerated expansion of production capacity.
At the community level, scaling up is slower, with countries like Japan, Australia, and others falling out of production, and old refineries with poor domestic product structures are likely to be eliminated. New refineries like petrochemicals are mainly producing chemicals that are scarce in the market, and we believe that their impact on the industry is far less than expected.
A summary of data projections for corporate financial statements The East Wu Securities Company Ltd., approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.