Jiangxi Copper (600362).
The company is one of the largest integrated copper producers in the country that collects mining, mining, smelting, trading, technology as one.
Multi-metal mining, including copper, gold, silver, rare earth, lead and zinc, is rich in reserves of multi-metal resources and has the advantage of a complete copper industry chain: 100 per cent by the end of 2020, and finance, investment, trade and goods supporting mining development
Value-added service systems such as flow, technical support, etc. The cathode of copper produced by the company is registered at the London Metals Exchange and Shanghai Futures Exchange, with tons; the controlling subsidiary, the shares of Heng State (with 44.48% of shares), owns 156.57 tons of gold.
From the mine to the whole chain of copper processing, the company Dehin copper mine is the country’s largest open-air mining mountain, and the flagship Prey Creek smelter is the largest single-body copper smelter in the world. In addition, the company’s annual copper production is exceedingly high.
1.4 million tons, the largest copper-processing producer in the country. Integrated industrial chains help to improve economies of scale and production efficiency, as reflected in the company’s cost advantage, with a rate of 1.31% for the period (2.17% for the industry) and a management fee of 0.85% remaining in the forefront, which helps to further expand the company’s product and market.
Stable growth in copper block operations: corporate copper production as a whole rose to US$ 6199.1 per ton/tonne for copper concentrate, but the average price of Chinese copper concentrate tc decreased to US$ 54 per ton during the same period, resulting in a total share/salea share (million shares)
The contribution of the precious metal plate has increased and further releases are expected: the company ' s share of total gold and silver production has risen from 9.28 per cent to 14.77 per cent throughout the year. As the cost of raw materials has increased as a result of higher gold and silver prices, priority engineering has progressed smoothly, steadily moving towards a three-year doubling target: the selection of the plate, the silver mountain mining 8,000t/d and
In June 2020, a mining certificate was obtained for the three-phase 10,000t/d Bronze 3 project, which will increase the company ' s forward production of copper, which is in the process of construction, with a forward smelting capacity of 1.8 million tonnes/year; and the conversion of the processing plate, Ezra 15,000 tonnes of copper production line, which will rise to 30,000 tonnes/year.
In the long run, the continued tight balance between copper supply and demand is expected to lead to high copper prices until 2023.
Given the fermentation of gold hedges, liquidity premiums, and exchange-rate premiums, and the global trend toward warehousetf, the average price of the renminbi gold may have risen above $400/g.
Jiangxi Copper (600362). The industrial chain is well integrated, the precious metal industry contributes to growth.
He won the second prize for joint research on futures issues at the China Financial Futures Exchange and the third prize for joint research on futures issues; and the third prize for silver and copper in multimedia for the Chinese version of the competition for futures and products: the third prize for the soybean futures at the Dalian Commodity Exchange.
It means the right to a future as a prize in the competition. It was written by Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal, future delivery in Shanghai, Hodo-chung, Zhang Qing.
Five sci essays published by the first author (cumulative if>10): research in Treasure Steel, 2015-2018, while hosting or participating in a number of new product development projects and applying them to priority projects: the AEV, May 2018. Diagnosis of my research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Jiang Xi Copper Industry (600362). The industrial chain is well integrated and the precious metal industry contributes to growth without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and fair information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.