Tuberculosis screening and prevention as a priority for tuberculosis control, Flying Life Targeting the Long-term Growth of the Market, 2019-03
▪ Effective screening and prevention methods will be a top priority for tuberculosis control: the spread of bacterium tuberculosis is widespread and, according to World Health Organization estimates, if not controlled, every person with tuberculosis is transmitted to an average of 10 to 15 healthy people per year.
The form of infection is not easy to detect. WHO calls for the elimination of latent tuberculosis infection to be an important part of the tuberculosis control strategy, and effective screening and prevention methods will be a major part of the fight against tuberculosis.
Security poses a threat, and the need for efficient and accessible screening products and prevention products is extremely urgent.
Speciality is higher than the pd dermatological test: on the other hand, the diagnostic reagent in the body only needs to complete the skin at the time of use and see if there is any abnormal reaction, which is more cost-effective and less expensive than gamma disruptor emission analysis techniques; 2) microcarbage vaccine is widely used, leading to effective tuberculosis prevention
The microcards can be used for people infected with bacterium tuberculosis, and the market space is wide. It has now completed a clinical trial for the iii phase and will be ready for future listing.
In addition, the number of new employees per year is estimated at around 110 million, based on data published by the Ministry of Education.
The probability of positive results is 15-20%. Assuming that the price for a screening of the ec diagnostic reagent box is $40-50 and the price for a single microcard is $2,000. If the penetration rate of the ec diagnostic reagent box is 20% in 2020, there will be a sales value of 880-11 million.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect companies to be home to their parent companies between 2018 and 2020, with net excellence, heavy-pound products successively rolled out, rich in products, and supported by medium- and long-term growth.
The Hpv vaccine purchase agreement, whereby the company ' s Hpv vaccine will be phased out and ec diagnostic reagent boxes and micro-card vaccines in the tuberculosis field will be available in the medium to long term, and will be expected to grow in the future, in conjunction with the powerful channels of the smart-flying creature.
Tuberculosis is a chronic communicable disease caused by tuberculosis. World Health Organization (WHO) statistics show that 8-10 million people worldwide die of tuberculosis every year, the single most deadly infectious disease.
On 18 February 2017, the Office of the State Council issued a circular on the 13th Five-Year National Tuberculosis Control Programme, which covers five areas of early detection, treatment management, care and treatment, prevention and treatment of priority populations and the development of services.
Specific quantitative indicators have been identified, suggesting that by 2020 tuberculosis morbidity and deaths will have decreased further, and the incidence of tuberculosis in the country will have fallen to less than 58 per 100,000 people.
The Division has achieved full coverage of tuberculosis diagnosis, prevention, and treatment in the products it is selling and researching, thus creating synergies, broadening the market space and increasing the profitability of companies. Among these, the ec diagnostic reagent box and microcard vaccine have completed the iii phase of clinical trials and are expected to be marketed this year to provide an impetus for the company’s long-term development.
Corporate channels are strong, and salesmen are directly connected to the end-of-service vaccination sites, which achieve full direct sales. The company’s current sales staff are around 1400 people, and as the sales coverage continues to expand, the sales team will continue to expand.
ec screening will be used in the future mainly for entry and entry examinations, adding up the number of new entrants each year according to data published by the Ministry of Education, and the number of employees is estimated to be around 110 million.
Assuming a price of $40-50 per screening of the ec diagnostic reagent box and $2,000 per person per microcard. If the penetration rate of the ec diagnostic reagent box is 20% in 2020, there will be 880-11 million sales. If 20% of the screening population injects a microcard vaccine, the market in 2020 will be around $1.32-176 billion.
We believe that the company’s product is excellent, and that the Hpv vaccine, the triple seed vaccine and the five-priced rotation vaccine are available during the rapid release period, guaranteeing growth in the company’s performance.
Effective screening methods and prevention methods will be a top priority for tuberculosis control, a chronic infectious disease caused by bacterium tuberculosis, which is a co-motivated parasite.
Bacillus can be infected with multiple organs, but it is still most common to have lung infections. According to a report by the World Health Organization, about one third of the world’s population is infected with Bacillus tuberculosis, but only when the resistance of the infected is reduced.
There is a risk of infection, e.g., e.g., through digestive tract transmission, the consumption of food with bacterium tuberculosis, the use of primary cookers in the swallow or the intestinal tract: 3) other routes, placenta or inhaled water infections, broken skin and mucous exposure, etc., Tuberculosis bacterium transmission is widespread and, according to World Health Organization estimates, if not controlled, every tuberculosis disease
A healthy person is less likely to be infected with latent tuberculosis. Who calls for the elimination of latent tuberculosis infection to be an important part of tuberculosis control strategies, and effective screening and prevention methods will be a major part of tuberculosis control efforts.
World Health Organization (WHO) statistics show that 8-10 million tuberculosis is occurring worldwide every year, and about 3 million people die every year from tuberculosis, the single disease responsible for the highest number of deaths.
Although our tuberculosis epidemic is gradually declining, we are still one of the 30 countries with a high burden of tuberculosis globally, with a third new incidence of tuberculosis every year, and we are actively promoting the short-range chemical treatment of tuberculosis, as more and more people are aware of tuberculosis.
The number of cases of tuberculosis in the country has declined. But, from 2016 to the present, the number of cases of tuberculosis in the country has not continued to decline, and the number of cases has remained essentially at 1.1 million per year. The monthly figures on the number of cases of tuberculosis also show that the number of cases of tuberculosis per month, though volatile, has remained largely stable.
Figure 1: Tuberculosis incidences in the country, 2010-2018 (in thousands)
A series of specific quantitative indicators has been identified, suggesting that by 2020 there will be a further reduction in the incidence of tuberculosis and deaths and a reduction in the incidence of tuberculosis to less than 58 per 100,000 people in the country, and we believe that there are three main difficulties in tuberculosis prevention and treatment:
1) Limitations of existing screening methods The current screening methods for BBM are mainly two: the pd method and the gras method, which is a classic method for the examination of BBT, which is a test skin operation, easy to move, and a bubricium sift for nodules in our country.
Check the most extensive methods. But many factors have an impact on their specificity and sensitivity, with the possibility of false positives and prosthesis. The test results for people who have vaccinated BCG and produced antibodies are false positives; the test results for tuberculosis bacterium infection are likely to be false negatives in 6-8 weeks, old age, malnutrition, etc., as the BCG is widely available in the country.
According to the Fifth National Tuberculosis Epidemiology Survey, the number of people infected with TB is 550 million, or 45% of the country’s population, and we believe that because the pdd method is widely used, the result is relatively high.
The primary principle of the gros method, which is recommended by WHO, is that the t cells irritated by the antibodies of TB, once again stimulates them, produce gamma-combustibles. After the antigens of TBB, the gamma-combustors of single-nuclear cells in whole blood or whole blood are analysed to determine whether they are infected with BBBB. The geras method is free from BCG.
The impact of vaccinations is relatively short, but they are expensive and not suitable for large-scale screening. ppds that are less expensive and suitable for large-scale screening are falsely positive, while the more accurate version of the grass method is expensive and unsuitable for large-scale screening.
Screening is a major challenge. (2) Limitations on existing vaccine prevention are currently BCG, the main vaccine against tuberculosis in the country.
BCG has a wide range of vaccinations in my country, but it has certain limitations. The WHO network mentioned that the only vaccine available to combat tuberculosis, BCG (bacillecalmette-guérin, bcg), was born in 1921, and its protective effect.
BCG is used mainly to prevent tuberculosis meningitis and diffuse tuberculosis among infants and children, with no significant protection effects for adults. The limitations of existing vaccine products on the prevention of TB infection prevent TB from being effective 3)
Tuberculosis-induced tuberculosis is a persistent bacteria with a long split cycle, slow growth and growth, and difficult to kill. Tuberculosis treatment is most commonly used with chemical drugs, such as amphibolium (inh), lfp, ethylambutol (emb), lymphetamine (pza), and streptocin (sm).
A year or a year and a half, less than six months or ten months. A conventional anti-tuberculosis program, anti-tuberculosis drugs, is expensive around $100/month. Adding to this, the cost of liver care and various periodic reviews is generally estimated at $300-500/month.
In 2017, the average cost per person discharged from the hospital for TB patients was $3,200 per person, and the data for WHO show that the current cost per person of the recommended treatment for TB (rr-tb and mdr-tb) is about $1,000.The cost per person for treatment with chemical drugs is relatively high for long periods of time and per person, and if the use is irregular,
Disablement of symptoms as soon as they are alleviated will lead to drug resistance, failure of treatment, and further difficulty of treatment at a later stage. The current treatment programme for tuberculosis is complex, long-cycle, and needs close monitoring, and more effective treatment is not available, making tuberculosis prevention even more important.
4) The public health threat of multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis (MDTB) The resistance of anti-tuberculosis drugs is an important public health problem that threatens global tuberculosis control. There are fewer options for a wide range of anti-tuberculosis treatments and longer treatments.
Longer and potentially higher levels of transmission of health can also make it difficult to combat tuberculosis, which poses a threat to the public health security of the country, and the need for effective and easy screening and prevention products.
Twisty Beasts aim for market vacancies, new types of BBX screening reagent boxes and preventive vaccines. Twisty Beasts accurately anticipate market needs and policy orientation, pre-positioning in the field of tuberculosis control, and now have full coverage of tuberculosis diagnosis, prevention, treatment, and co-benefits from products sold and under study by the public administration.
Expanding the market space and increasing the profitability of companies. 3.1.ec diagnostic reagents targeted at the nodule bacterium screening market. The company's diagnostic reagent in the nodules, ec diagnostic reagents, is used for diagnostics using the recombinant esat 6-cfp10 proteins.
Since both esat-6 and cfp10 proteins are missing in BCG, the impact of BCG is excluded, with a higher specificity than the pd dermatological test: on the other hand, diagnostic reagents in the body need only complete the skin test and see if there is a deviant reaction, which is more cost-effective and less expensive than y interferosol release analysis techniques.
The use of micro-card vaccines is widespread and brings about new methods of effective tuberculosis prevention. The treatment of tuberculosis is mainly based on chemical drugs, which take at least six consecutive months, and the treatment process is very long, with significant damage to the liver function of the patient, and is therefore particularly important for tuberculosis prevention.
The microcards are designed for people at high risk of latent infections, including adults. The microcards are primarily for people with germs, and are good for preventing infections of adult tuberculosis. The market space is wide because of the disease, which can be used for people infected with bacterium tuberculosis.
3.3. The market space for the two products is wide and future growth is possible
The number of new entrants to lower secondary schools, upper secondary schools and universities is about 70 million, and the number of new entrants per year is roughly 30-40 million, so the main test population is around 110 million.
Screening, so we believe that it is primarily applicable to the population diagnosed in the ec diagnostic reagent box. According to the fifth national epidemiological survey of tuberculosis, 45% of the people with germs in the country are considering the false positive of the test results, and we believe that the probability of actual infection, i.e. 15-20% positive, is 15-20%.
Assuming a price of $40-50 per screening of the ec diagnostic reagent box and $2,000 per person per microcard, it is expected that the screening of bacterium tuberculosis will be included as a routine screening project, with a higher penetration rate.
The probability of positive in screening groups is 15-20%, and because microcards are more effective in preventing tuberculosis, they are used for screening results, so we think they have a higher penetration rate. If 20% of the screening population injects microcarbitis 100 million. If 80% of the positive population uses microcarbide for prevention, the market space is up to 28.2 billion.
We believe that the company’s excellent products and the successive roll-out of heavy-pound products support a rich, medium- and long-term growth. The company’s marketing capacity is strong, with clear channel advantages.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board