Utility shares (000938), M & A of Xinhua, undervalued R & D-intensive cloud computing carrier, Utility shares (000938), depth report.
On August 15th, 2018, the acquisition of Xinhua III, the cloud computing industry, was recreated by China's predecessor, who was the leader of the business network industry; and after Hewlett-Packard's acquisition, the server and storage was realized.
In 2017, China ranked first in the network of companies in the market, in storage, in super-integration, in the second, in servers, in the fourth, and in information security, in the first camp and fast-growing.
Storage, networking is the most important resource on the cloud, and companies have the power to shape industry in a comprehensive manner. Multi-sector landscapes are high, leading firms will harvest a vast market increase. The cloud computing industry is a 100 billion-grade market with an annual compound increase of more than 20%; information security, storage, big data, conglomerate.
The network is all about industry: the network of firms at the corporate level has grown steadily in the network market, while companies have broken through the business market, holding on to important increases. As industry concentration increases, headlines such as Xinhua will reap a larger share of the new market space. For example, company server revenues grew by 39.4 per cent in 2017 on a year-on-year basis.
At the same time, the Stockholder Purple Group will provide synergies in the areas of public clouds, chips, and storage, and the integration of the state-owned landscape will also help to seize the opportunities for nationally owned and manageable development. High R & D investments will be made to dig deep for the moats, guaranteeing a lead in raising long-term values.
In 2017, the company invested $3 billion in research and development, leading the a-share computer plate. Xinhua spent about 12.6% of its revenue on R & D, which is not only comparable to that of the label company, but also consistent with the global technology giants. Not only that, as cloud computing, big data, and new information security R & D centers were built, R & D investments were made in the first quarter of 2018.
Research and development is the best moat for technology-type companies. As industry shapers, forward value will grow as research and development evolves. Thus, in the current environment, where core technology is valued, market investment preferences are expected to intensify towards research and development.
The net annual profit is expected to be 2,396 million yuan, and the corresponding valuation is down to 29 x, with not only a low-value advantage compared to companies such as servers, cloud computing, but also a good value-added value match. The company is the cloud-counting lead, Xinhua 3 assets are good, products and channels are strong, and prices are currently low.
Quarterly reviews: accelerated performance throughout the year, with high q1 R & D strengthening leading competitiveness. R & D 20180425, R & D is below expectations; competition patterns are increasing; incentives are not in place.
One of the reports of the People's Computer “Small” series of cloud computing: Deeply parsing server data to see Chinese clouds.
I. Merger and purchase of Xinhua III, and the development of technology firms created in the year of cloud computing, networking, and storage patterns. Following the acquisition of Xinhua III (hereinafter Xinhua III) in 2016, the company became a cloud computing lead company with its core and network equipment, the complete layout of cloud-net-end hardware and software solutions.
The company is one of the listed companies of the Qinghua Department and is a state-owned enterprise in the field of informatics. According to the 10 largest shareholders reported in the first quarter of 2018, the Ministry of Education indirectly controls 64.53% of the shares of listed companies, including Qinghua Holdings Ltd., via the State Property Supervisory Board of the State Council, the State Council Development Research Centre, etc., through the Shanghai Shun Changan Network Ltd.,
The ownership of 3.45 per cent of the shares of listed companies, such as Tianxing Investment Management Ltd. in Beijing (on 10 August 2018, the company received notice from the Purple Group of proposed equity transactions, which may involve a change of control at the group level). The product areas of the company's layout include enterprise network equipment, servers, storage, information security, cloud computing, big data, etc.
In general, services such as network equipment, servers, storage, security, and “cloud matter” are carried out by the subsidiary Xinhua, while industrial systems integration and the distribution of the item are carried out by the subsidiary purple digit, purple software, etc. Computing, networking, and storage are the three most important resources for cloud computing. Xinhua is on the server.
The top markets are business-level networks and storage, with networks and storage ranking at the top of the Chinese market. Profits, 1.58 billion yuan, a 93.4 per cent increase in the same year, have been growing for 10 consecutive years, while net non-profit gains, of 990 million yuan, have been realized, a year-on-year increase.
(i) The acquisition of Xinhua San and the integration of Xinhua into the Xinhua gene1 and the quality of Xinhua assets has led to competition for the Xinhua San companies, which have undergone three stages of development: a joint venture between China and the United States, a United States capital, and a Chinese capital.
(1) Central American Consortium: 3com is a U.S. equipment provider providing secure products, integrated voice equipment, and data network solutions for companies of all sizes. In November 2003, the Data and Communications Department, which was set up by Chinese and 3com American companies in Hang, was integrated into a joint venture to provide a business team and medium- and low-end data and communication product lines, and 3com provided a supply department.
In November 2005, 3com acquired 2% of China's 3com equity at $28 million, thus making 3com 51% of ownership and control and 49% of China's control. (2) The US dollar phase: in 2006, China competed with the joint venture because it bought the Bay of Harbour network for mergers.
In November, 3com acquired 49% of the shares of a joint venture owned by China with $882 million. 3com became a fully-owned subsidiary of 3com. In April of the following year, 3com was officially renamed Hangzhou Three Communications Company Ltd., and the business logo changed to h3c, becoming the core asset of 3com. In November 2009, Hewlett-Packard and 3com reached $2.7 billion.
In October 2015, Hewlett-Packard broke down into two companies, Hpi and Hpe, operating as personal computer printers and enterprise-level software and hardware solutions, respectively, and H3c was classified under the hpe (“Hide and”) business structure.
(iii) China's capital phase: in 2015, the Hpe consortium in the Chinese region established the “Utility Mount” company, which is the only provider of Hpe servers, storage products, and technical services in China. Together, Mt. Purple and Hangzhou China form the “Xinhua San” group (newh 3cgroup, hereinafter referred to as H3c). In May 2015, the Qinghua Holdings announced their cooperation with Hewlett-Packard.
On the evening of 4 May 2016, the Purple Shares announced that 51 per cent of the shares had been ceded and Xinhua Tsungschens had been included in the consolidated stock statements. H3c, which included HP hardware, had been valued at approximately $4.5 billion (excluding cash and liabilities).
Figure 1-4: Xinhua Three Ownership Development (Xinhua III) Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua
The rapid and sustained growth in performance following the creation of the instruments and the Ethernet exchange is also a strategic asset in the competition for investment. The technological, cultural, and managerial attributes of technology giants such as Hua and Hewlett-Packard have been integrated into the purple-light system, and together with the original business will be the most important entity operating the cloud computing platform under the umbrella of the group.
Moreover, the state-owned business background has become an addition to Xinhua San's domestic projects with autonomous and manageable needs, enabling them to capture the Xinhua 3 branding strategy. In terms of business distribution, the Hpe and H3c brand servers, storage and related technical services are located in China.
The market's sole provider, Hsi-Team, is the provider of network, security, wireless and related technology services. According to brand colours, the popular name Hpe is “green” and the brand H3c is “red.” The reason for keeping the hpe is that Hewlett-Packard has been on the Chinese market for more than 30 years and has accumulated a large number of loyal customers and brand names.
In addition, Hpe brands can provide coherent product recognition across regions for Chinese firms around the globe. For domestic industry clients, if they have specific demand for it, they can use H3c brands to obtain customized development and design.
With regard to channels, the Xinhua Group has launched a plan for cross-selling cooperation between core channels.
The two partners are also working closely on business opportunities, business protection, business alerts, etc. h3c, as an autonomous innovation brand, and the team behind it has the same strength. H3c, during Hewlett-Packard's time.
The research and development team already plays an important role in the development and development of servers, storage products, such as the odm function in the development of some of the service server products sold globally, and the characterization and design of the server as a whole. The h3c brand team transmits the research and development system of Hewlett-Packard, the research and development process, product control standards, testing specifications and testing tools, etc.
(ii) Maintaining the edge of the computing platform, recapturing the 100 billion market for servers, which is one of Xinhua’s three important fists, following the tradition of Hewlett-Packard’s long-standing dominance in the global market. Server delivery and commercial collection are a priori indicators of cloud computing, and are the hardware areas where cloud computing is the first to benefit.
Over the past year, with the high growth of the Internet giants' own business, the further growth of the built-up public cloud platform and the political-business information conversion process, the demand for servers has increased significantly, and the field has reached a high profile.
According to data from the idc industry, the global output of servers in 2017 was 1,013,000, an increase of 6.6 per cent in the same year; the vendor revenue was $1 billion, an increase of 19.3 per cent in the same year, and figure 1-8: China ' s server vendor revenue grew rapidly in 2017
2. After a brief swing in market position in 2016, followed by a rapid upturn in Xinhua’s acceptance of Hpe’s server business in China, the corresponding market share was largely maintained through a two-brand strategy. In 2016 alone, there was a temporary and slight decline in market share.
As can be seen from annual market share data, the share of H3c server revenue rose from 11.5 per cent in 2016 to 13.5 per cent in 2017, and the share of shipments rose from 9.3 per cent in 2016 to 11.4 per cent, both of which returned to a new opportunity of Hpe 3, a purple cloud server harvest and an increase in the Māori rate in 2015.
The server market is a fully competitive market with a more transparent level of Māori for individual suppliers, with a low overall Māori rate and an industry of about 10%. As can be seen from the fact that Xinhua has a higher rate of harvest than the stock market, the company maintains a larger Hpe brand of two brands, i.e. the server product as a whole is still high-end.
On March 30, 2018, the PVG officially launched its Purple Clouds Strategy, which announced an investment of 12 billion yuan in the market for clouds. On July 10, the PVC launched a commercial experiment.
In three months, the purple cloud completed the process from issuing the strategy to going online to test commercials, taking an important step to the public market. The target was to become the first five countries in 2019-2020 and the third in 2021-2023.
The construction of the purple cloud is supported by the Xinhua Three Server Product Line, which is expected to be procured from Xinhua Three by industry levels of Māori (approximately 10-12 per cent), which is very helpful in raising corporate Māori levels for the current industry, which is largely dependent on server purchases by Internet giants such as bat, and corresponding low voice and Māori levels (approximately 8 per cent).
In January 2018, Xinhua San's Hpesuperdomflex (a key business server combining xs86 and the merits of small machines) product launch, Xinhua's Vice-President and General Manager of the Chinese District Product Marketing Department's Attribution Department, Chen Zhengwan, again stressed that the company's goal for 2018 was “to become the top three in the Chinese server market”.
According to data for the second and third quarters of 2017, Xinhua’s third and third Del’s share of the city is closer, with only 0.46 percentage points between the third and third quarters. Given Dale’s robust strategy in the area of servers, Xinhua’s third goal is likely to be achieved by 2018, given its robust strategy in the area of servers, if Xinhua can increase R & D and channel investment, while taking advantage of the opportunity of the purple cloud.
(iii) Out of blue over blue, business network business is far ahead of business 1 and the business network equipment industry is the largest source of Xinhua Santeng and China, the predecessor of which is the Chinese Department of Data and Communications. Therefore, in the enterprise network (including exchange)
In the area of machines, businesses wlans, routers, etc., particularly in the Chinese market, the advantages of the Xinhua three enterprise network equipment, the Xinhua network equipment wlan (wireless local area network), the Ether network switch, and the business network route by the Three Horses, have been evident. According to idc, the Xinhua company wireless local area network market in China has been in a row for nine consecutive years since 2008.
In June 2017, Xinhua's s12500x-af was tested by a global authoritative testing agency, Networktest.
The full-line transmission of the 768 100-g ports in the single frame became the only data available in the industry to achieve this performance with core core exchange equipment.
Nine national backbone networks, commercial banks in the Quad countries, 400 and all 211 and 985 high schools in the 500-Power enterprises, serving the operator market on a large scale.2 A number of operations are aimed at breaking through the operator market.
In the area of data communications, considering that foreign firms such as Cisco, Jupiter, and others have gradually withdrawn from the Chinese market, China is the leading player in the business market, and Xinhua is more powerful in the operator’s market. But, driven by trends such as the digital transformation of the operator’s network, the new construction cycle of 5g, and the upgrading of communications technology, Xinhua Sanzheng is the leading player.
The operator’s core switchboard is a “highlands” in the field of data communications, and the lead global player in competition in the core exchange market officially released the industry’s first clouded cluster router, cr. 19000, to the operator’s backbone network at the pilot summit.
In China’s 2017 high-end router collection, Xinhua San successfully entered all four columns, three of which received the first share of the collection. In February 2017, China’s connection security equipment was collected, and Xinhua’s three-line hit, with a firewall of six.
In October, Xinhua San won the largest share of the China Connectedness Network project, which was the first project by domestic operators to build a mobile core network on a large scale using Nfv technology. In December, China Connect Group signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Xinhua San.
(iv) Storage of three powers combined, flash + mass creation of “new normal” computing, storage, and networking is the most important trio resource on cloud ends. The calculation is currently dominated by a small number of overseas giants, such as Intel, Nvidia, and Xinhua San influences the market mainly in the form of servers; the network is Xinhua's fist product.
Xinhua is ranked first in the business-level storage market in 2017, as measured by idc. The company’s hpe section contains three main series of storage products: 3par, nimble, and simplarity.
3par is the world’s leading medium- and high-end data-storage manufacturer, with Hewlett-Packard eventually spending $2.35 billion on a purchase run in September 2010 and Dale. Providing a complete solution to the merger’s Hewlett-Packard or Dale and making up for each other’s storage shorts, able to compete with the big players in the server field at the time, such as ibm, is one of the important reasons for the two giants to compete.
Simplity is an important product for the super-integrated (software definition store) market, the second-largest super-integrated infrastructure start-up company (after nutanix). In January 2017, hpe announced $650 million in acquisitions of simplivity.
About $200 million in non-equity repayments) have acquired nimbles. Nimblecloudvolumes, the ground-breaking product of nimblecludvolumes, is a full-blown array client, with a combined growth rate of 65% in 2013-2017, and a leading leader in the magic quadrant of the gartner universal storage array.
Three powerful product lines have helped hpe and h3c to build a rich array of storage products, coupled with H3c self-owned unistor storage products, which, thanks to both flash and big product characteristics, dominate the industry.
(i) Full investment, rising to the head of the information security market, cyber security is a natural extension of network equipment and cloud computing, and Xinhua's network security investment is early, but is particularly visible in the last two years, with significant results in terms of sales and market penetration.
1. Xinhua San has accumulated in the safe market. Currently, H3c has developed three levels of secure product cover network level security, application level security and security management, including firewalls, vpn, utm, ips, acg, load balance, security management centre, cloud safety solution, situational awareness.
In April 2017, at the Xinhua Sanavigate 2017 pilot summit, the company's strategy of “Great Security” was also fully visible, and a three-day wave of a state-of-the-art visual product, 3.0 was launched. In 2017, Xinhua was issued by the Ministry of Public Security as the “Institutional Capacity Assessment for Information Security Phase Security Construction Services”
Certificate, the only comprehensive network security manufacturer to obtain the certificate. Figure 2-1:h3c secure product lines are becoming richer. Figure 2-2: Xinhua III release the Great Security Defense Strategy
The information security market is a large and growing market. idc’s growth in the global market for integrated security services is about 10%. On the Chinese market, due to a low base and increased government and business commitment to security, the forecast is that
3. Platform-based firms, represented by Xinhua, are increasingly competitive in secure markets. Traditional safety manufacturers will be increasingly difficult to achieve growth by providing separate safety products (mainly equipment-based), given the low value of stand-alone safety products and the mature and competitive nature of traditional product areas.
It is very difficult to compete at the product level to create a differentiated advantage. Safety firms have to do a great deal on the current pattern of competition by turning to a platform, creating or using other barriers to become a strong force in one side of the market.
Deeper moat barriers, better product-to-client stickyness, higher dimensions of competitive patterns, and a strong Xinhua-to-market facility can provide a natural advantage for safe products. The growth of governance, industry, and cloud development will also increasingly lead to increased supplier concentration, which is a huge opportunity for large producers like Xinhua.
Figure 2-5: Typical examples show that H3c safety products and network equipment have synergies. In addition, cloud security is an emerging area of information security, with a continued high climate and an important incremental opportunity for cloud platform manufacturers.
Overall assessment, cloud services safety review, etc. Figure 2-7: Three cloud safety solutions (ii) Super-integrated: multi-bit, next generation cloud computing platform
One, the size of the market, the participation of h3c in the dominant market pattern, is not only a new product of cloud computing infrastructure, but is more likely to evolve into a critical domain for cloud computing phase 2.0.
In 2016-2021, the combined growth rate was 48%, and China is likely to outpace this pace. At the same time, hyperintegration is the intersection of many markets, such as services, software definition storage, virtualization, and so on, and the future is vast.
The essence of super-integration is to replace generic hardware with specialized hardware, to use software for specialized hardware and to provide integrated hardware and software solutions for rapidly deployable, simple-maintained data centres.
Alternative specialized storage hardware systems, the most important of which are privately owned clouds. We believe that their location in public clouds (or general-purpose rooms) will also appear on the basis of an increase in the use of super-integrated space and energy.
The product is pre-installed by Xinhua ' s autonomous R & D, industry ' s leading uis super-integrated 6.0 software (published in March 2018) and has been integrated into computing, storage, network, security, and transport.
Monitoring, cloud platform, six software features. Rapid deployment is done with "open boxing" and "30-minute cloud computing environment": in terms of easy maintenance, physical hardware, computing storage network virtualization resources are centrally monitored and managed and managed through an extremely simple interface.
Xinhua Super-Incorporated products are characterized by a very simple hardware architecture platform for achieving server and switchboard only, which is based on the advantages of exchange products; and, in terms of safety, corporate products. In addition, Xinhua is also responsible for the agency of the country’s hpesimplity 380gen10 super-incorporated products.
The results of the survey by simpivity users show that the average data efficiency is 40:1 – the logic of 40 tb space in the traditional architecture – the data need about 1 tb space after simpivity is optimized.
Super-integration commercialization is still in its initial stages, and many of the int manufacturers want to be able to share their share of the market. One thing is Xinhua’s perceived competitive advantage, namely, that super-integration is necessarily a “unified platform” and that components need to come from the same supplier in order to avoid the complexity of the maintenance process. Xinhua’s Xinhua platform and security software, universal server hardware, network.
The components, virtualization, etc., are industry leaders, and therefore have a deep moat in the super-integrated market. Thirdly, high R & D digs deep into the moat, whale development versus global technology leaders (i) high R & D invests in leading computer plates.
The company ' s mooring river includes: (a) a strategic track to calculate the rapid growth of cloud selection: (b) maintaining industry leadership in the major areas of computing, networking, storage and competition, and becoming an inescapable player in rivals; and (c) in cloud safety, super-integration, etc. The key to some mooring rivers is continued high R & D inputs by companies.
In recent years, the company has increased its research and development investment in cloud computing, big data, information security, storage, and industry applications, creating a rich product line for key equipment. As of 2017, the total number of company patent applications was more than 8,000 (more than 90% of invention patents).
According to the 2017 annual report, the company invested over $3.049 billion, or 7.8 per cent of revenues, in research and development, with Xinhua III accounting for 47.22 per cent, with Xinhua III accounting for more than 50 per cent of its research and development staff. Considering that prior to the acquisition of Xinhua III, the average annual R & D investment in the original purple light stock in 2013-2015 was around $65 million.
So it can be assumed that Xinhua Sanducer R & D is about $2.99 billion, Xinhua 3 R & D received $23.770 billion in 2017, while Xinhua 3 R & D received 12.6 per cent of the revenue.
Three research and development centres at China's Information and Security Technology Ltd. have been built and recruited. Given the salaries of the research and development staff, there are hundreds of millions of dollars. Based on industry experience, this investment in research and development has increased less than within the computer plate. Thus, based on the absolute value of high research and development inputs in 2017, the company's research and development investment is expected to remain in the industry in 2018 and beyond.
(ii) While R & D-to-tech giants, with long-term benefits, high R & D inputs and uncapitalized treatment have led to a decline in short-term performance (248 million net profits in the first quarter of 2018, a 21 per cent decline in the same year), high R & D is the “matching” of the technology giant and the basis for companies' long-term growth.
It is an industry that is entering the standardization phase of communications, cloud computing, and object networking, and high R & D is an important aspect of maintaining corporate technological leadership and voice. If a computer company is in a different field, in different sizes, and in a different way than Xinhua’s global orientation, it is also an important part of the development process.
According to China’s annual report, 60.36 billion dollars were collected in 2017, resulting in a net gain of $47.5 billion. In 2017, R&D expenditure was RMB 89.7 billion, or about 14.9% of the total investment over the last decade.
Research and development costs more than RMB 394 billion. R & D personnel amount to about 80,000, or 45% of the total number of companies. Over 90% of the 74,307 patents were patented for inventions, broken down into business operations, which received $54.9 billion in 2017.
It is considered that China is divided into three branches: operators, enterprises, and consumers, of which the share of business receipts is 9.1 per cent. On the same scale, the amount of R & D investment in business is $8.16 billion.
It can be said that China is one of China’s top technology firms, and Xinhua is no less important in terms of investment in research and development. In a global perspective, reference is made to the European Commission’s index of investment in industrial R & D published in 2017, which includes the following:
Data show that the share of R & D investment in the industry is generally between 10 and 20%. The proportion of Google, Microsoft, Cisco, ibm and others that are close to Xinhua's Xinhua 3 business, except for Hua, is 15.0%, 14.5%, 12.6%, and 6.5%, respectively. The level of R & D investment in Xinhua is comparable to that of these giants.
(i) Profit forecasts: stable and high growth across business lines, based on sector data and company historical data, based on block estimations and profit projections for corporate products. Year-on-year differences in Xinhua San performance and calibres exist in the first quarter of 2017. At the same time, profit projections assume that:
Yearly, due to higher base levels and slower growth rates, Māori levels increased after 2019 with the build-up of purple clouds; (3) cloud computing, big data and object networking (the “Clouds”) operations, which included super-integrated and related platforms, applications, etc., increased faster as industry scenes rose and super-integrated products were released; (4) information security was raised by increased inputs and industry concentration
Up, achieving high-speed growth: (5)it distribution and other operations remain largely stable. “Cloud computing electronic information-type products” include server, storage and network products, and “Cloud platform solutions” include cloud computing, big data, object networking projects and super-integrated, information security products, “it distribution and integration” include:
(ii) Investment proposals: highly valuable, undervalued industry status and long-term value,1 with significant comparative advantages in valuation
Given the company's leading position in the industry and its strong product and channel capacity, the valuation level should be higher than the industry average, thus maintaining the company's “recommended” rating.
A 40% increase in inputs would amount to $4.2 billion. The total cost of R & D in companies, compared to 13.99% in 2017, is the ratio of R & D capitalization to average industry capitalization throughout the year. This means that R & D will be less than anticipated: investing heavily in advanced technology requires a certain period of time in order to be effective, if you do.
Less than expected results could affect the performance of new products: 2; increased competition patterns: server, information security areas are still less concentrated, industries are more competitive, Maori rates may be suppressed, but competition patterns are clearer in areas such as networks, storage, super-integration, etc.;
3. Intentional incentives: State-owned contexts may result in insufficient incentives for employees, owing to recent changes in equity planning by company-held shareholders, factors such as equity optimization at a later stage or help to release incentives.
Hu Sam, Head of the Media Internet, Master of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, July 2011 to date, has been a member of the media Internet industry for many years, Yang Si-heung, Director of Computers. He was a senior research scientist at the Intel Chinese Academy in 2010, after a PhD in Information Sciences at the Chinese University of China.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence.