Date: 17/07/2019 - first covered by Mid-Surrey Light (603019).
The company’s actual controller, the Chinese Academy of Computer Science Institute, is the first Chinese academic institution to specialize in comprehensive research in computer science techniques www.sugon.com.
The Chinese Academy calculates the business incubator platform under its jurisdiction, currently through technology incubation and direct investment, participation in S.A.L. 21.32%, is a leading technology firm, including China and China.
From China ' s high-performance computer and server leading brands to the establishment of China ' s first commercial, large-scale, city-level cloud computing centre, to the design and development of the relevant chip, to a completely autonomous new generation of information technology systems, with a gradual improvement in the corporate business product system and a growing combined competitive power.
Strong. The company is now moving from a “hardware provider” to a “coated computing service” based on a complete layout based on the closed circle of the “server+high-performance computer+store+ cloud computing+safe” industry.
The x86 server is a national leader: the company ' s main business consists of three major components, namely, high-end servers, software system integration, and technical services and storage, of which high-performance computers account for about 80% of the revenue. The high-end server technology is an internationally recognized strategy for information technology.
High point is an important indicator of the country’s ability to compete in science and technology and to integrate the country’s forces. High-end services are essential not only for the country’s key scientific research projects, but also for the national economy and for the normal functioning of social life, directly related to the country’s society and economy.
High-end servers are also the core equipment needed to provide computing services and data services in the cloud computing age. By 2019q1, the company had 11.00 per cent (outloads) in the country x86, ranking fifth.
Building on the accumulation of super-county, we are actively promoting the “Data China” strategic advance cloud calculations: companies are actively deploying downstream cloud calculations through continuous accumulation in high-end servers. In 2015, the company proposed a “Data China” strategy, which would provide a unifying framework for intelligent city construction.
The ability to calculate, store, secure, network, transport, etc., through management platforms and high-security cloud computing services that meet the needs of the security of government applications, to bring together all kinds of intelligent government and cross-practice applications to urban clouds, promote innovation in social governance and enhance urban water management.
Wang Smin, pulls new industries together and develops as a message to support the development of intelligent cities, s02705180001.
Xu Weibin, a company that has been growing steadily in recent years, has experienced a number of innovations in the scale of revenue collection and net profit: as the company ' s X86 servers continue to grow in innovation and its applications are growing rapidly downstream, the company recovers and becomes more profitable.
In 2018, the company collected 9,057 million yuan, an increase of 43.89 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of 43 million yuan, 43 times and 32 times. In our view, in the larger context of autonomous control and information security, it has been able to increase the profits of the company.
The company ' s long-term high-value market treatment is relatively reasonable, and therefore the company is given the first risk of variations in the projection assumptions and actual circumstances.
1.1 The company’s predecessor, Tianjin’s Computer Industries Ltd., was established on 7 March 2006 with funding from ICI, etc., and changed as a whole to shareholding on 31 December 2010.
Research and production of high-performance computers and servers for the State “863” high-technology enterprises, based on the Institute of Central Science and Technology, the National Centre for Research and Development of Smart Computers and the National Centre for High-performance Computer Engineering, have been widely applied to the company's hardware products in education, meteorology, medicine, energy, the Internet and public utilities.
Tianjin, China, Dawn Star.
High China, Beijing Ki-kyo, Dawn Guangdi.
Business base, clouds, new talent.
One down, first position, dawn bag.
Superplane. World hpc research.
Head cloud plan, lead e, world of fame.
Ten tops, backed by the Chinese Academy, the powerful company for genetic support in research and development is doing a great job. The company’s actual controller is the Chinese Academy’s computing firm, the first Chinese academic institution to specialize in comprehensive computer science and technology research.
As an incubation platform for companies under the Chinese Academy's calculations, SAC Asset Management Ltd. (“CIAC”) is currently involved in leading technology enterprises, including China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
In addition, the company is a national leader in research and development, leading the country from the 2014 1.2x86 server, building a closed industry, increasing the volume of high-end servers in the country, and leading the country in terms of company output.
High-end server technology is an internationally recognized strategic high point in information technology and an important indicator of national technological competitiveness and integration. High-end servers are essential not only for critical national research projects.
The high-end servers are also the core equipment needed to provide computing services and data services in the cloud computing age. According to the latest data from idc, the volume of goods on China’s X86 server market in the first quarter of 2019 was
662,504 of them, a decline of 0.7% in the same year; the market size of $3.59 billion (approximately 24.9 billion yuan), with q1 companies occupying 11.00% of the country’s X86 city (outputs), ranked fifth. With the accumulation of deep technology in high-end computing, companies are committed to building “chips plus servers plus cloud computing.”
Industry shuts down. From China’s high-performance computer and server leading brands, to China’s first commercial, scalable city-level cloud computing centre, to the design and development of related chips, to a fully autonomous new generation of information technology systems, the corporate business product system is gradually improving, and integrated competition is increasing.
The provider's movement towards the Cloud Calculator is based on a full layout of the industry closed loop based on Server+High Performance Computer+Repository+Cycling+Safety. 2. Upstream core chips accelerate national production and key components break through.
2.1x86 architecture servers are market mainstream, with upstream core parts subject to human control. Currently X86 servers are mainstream, with a total cost of more than 80% of the three items. Servers are one of the high-performance computers that can perform resource queries, computations, storage, etc. for users in the network environment.
The server structure is X86 and non-x86. Of these, non-x86 servers are designed on the basis of streamlined command core chips and, despite low energy consumption, are far from compatible with X86 servers, which are now the mainstream of the market.
There are operating systems, compilers, applications, etc., and there are many applications in the server area. The server hardware consists of cpu, memory, hard disk, pci-e extension slots, webcards, raid cards, power sources, and fans. cpu, memory and hard disks account for a larger share of the total cost, about 80%, commonly known as the server “three pieces”.
Figure 8: The typical ratio of the cost of a high-cost server for server e5 for server 86, Figure 9: the main hardware component of a server for server 86 Domestic manufacturers are subject to humans for key raw materials such as cpu, memory etc. After years of development, server technology has been developed
While mature, the key raw materials are overseas monopolies, and domestic manufacturers are still dependent on imports and less bargaining power. cpu core manufacturers include intel and magnesium. cpu core manufacturers are three stars, sk Hercules and magnesium.
In 2018, supply was no longer strained, the price of storage fell, the price of other raw materials was stable, and the service industry ' s Māori ratio improved significantly. The company ' s ratio of h1 servers was 12.79% in 2018, compared to 2017, and there was room for a decline in company costs. The three giants in the memory, despite plans to cut capital spending, could not ease their supply in the short term.
The three-star electronic announcement on October 31, 2018 announced that capital spending would also be cut by $1.25 billion. The deep-in capacity cut still does not significantly improve the supply and demand patterns of the industry in the short term, and the company’s Māori ratio is expected to rise steadily.
According to data on dramexchange, q1 was affected by the off-season effects and frictions in Central American trade in 2019, and the dram stock level remained high, leading to weak demand, with prices falling by more than 15% in January and continuing to fall in February/March.
The whole season will fall by more than 20%, with the server dram falling more likely to expand to nearly 30%. The overall dram trade crashes to the library 2.2 highlight the importance of autonomy, policy continues to be good, China-US trade is smooth, long-term strategy is strong and autonomous, and the national policy environment is on the right track.
The country's core areas of integrated circuits are still highly foreign-dependent, the core components are subject to human constraints, and any embargo event will have a significant negative impact on the country's economic growth and stable employment. In August 2016, the State Council's National Science, Technology and Innovation Programme, “10,”
The Plan emphasizes autonomy in key areas such as cpu: the formal implementation of the Cybersecurity Act of June 2017 marks the central place of information security at the national strategic level. Since March 2018, China-US trade and frictions have continued to ferment. In April 2018, the CP Secretary-General again held a national workshop on cybersecurity and informatization.
“to push for a breakthrough in core information technologies.” After a period of moderation, China and the United States negotiated to enter deep water, and on May 15, 2019, the United States of America placed China on a “entity list” that threatens the national security of the United States.
In this context, accelerated ownership in the area of strategic and high-technology technologies remains a firm and long-term strategy for the country. Chart 13: Policies support autonomous and manageable industrial development
2.3 The chip self-sufficiency rate has increased, key components have broken through the unique size of the x86 server cpuintel, and amd is expected to break the intel monopoly with innovation. In the x86 server market, the giant intel has an absolute advantage, with the city standing at more than 97% a year.
The zen structure, which is a powerful contender for intel in terms of performance, vomiting capacity and energy consumption. On this basis, amd created the epyc brand, and the epyc pulmonary chip broke the intel monopoly in the x86 server area, and its performance improved significantly.
From 0 to 1% since 2016. The epyc processor challenges the performance of many of the current two-plug solutions, which reduce overall costs and maintenance and help improve power/thermal efficiency by 20% compared to the two-plug server based on the intelxeon 5118 processor.
At present, amd has been recognized by a number of clients, such as universities, tethers, Dale, and the follow-up zen2 architecture based on 7 nm will continue to function and capture the market share of Intel. At the end of the first quarter of 2019, the share of md in the x86 processor market increased further. At the end of last year, the figure was 12.3%, and slightly after q1 increased.
Chart 15: Amd “zen” processor with superior performance and “zen” core architecture
Sealight and md have agreed to establish a joint venture to provide technology such as X86 chip authorizations and sell server chips to Chinese cities. Through this strong alliance, md is expected to rely less on intel, upgrade server performance, smooth corporate Maori.
Tier structure design, md holding 51% share ratio into luminum electrons, sealight holding 49%, with zen architecture awarded by md, the main business being chip production, and sealight integration circuits being controlled by 70% shareholding of sea light, amd holding 30% share, purchasing zen structure authorization from Xen in Chengdu, and designing it after Xindu.
Electronic production, sales. The announcement of November 26, 2018 that the company had previously been involved in the 10.92% share transfer of sealight information, the company’s shareholding of sealight information rose to 36.44%, becoming the first shareholder of sealight information.
According to eetop, sealight based on the national product cpu, code code X86, is officially starting production and will have a positive impact on the company's Māori as the new product is released, which is an important step in the nationalization of chips. Moreover, processing products based on sealight chips have been introduced into national agency procurement.
The data show that the sea light information camp increased significantly from $14 million in 2017 to $113 million in 2018, with a further reduction in the same loss margin. The synergies between the subsequent sea light chips and the company server business are expected to accelerate, thus contributing to a further increase in the Māori rate and to a profit point.
In addition, the company is currently actively exploring self-researching security encryption modules to replace parts of the amd, further accelerating national production and holding hands on the Academy's brother units, cold martial arts, and a special server for the reasoning of the powerful. In the field of deep learning, the traditional cpu/gpu artificial intelligence chip has greater advantages than the traditional cpu/gpu in terms of performance, power consumption, and chip size.
In April 2016, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Xinjiang Jian Jian, which will collaborate in the development of specialized chips and related server products for key technologies such as deep learning. In November 2017, the dawn light was based on the Xin Xiaoqian low-performance learning processor for low-performance depth learning.
The introduction of phaneron, the world's first-ever, i-specific server product based on cold-warriage chips, led to a wide-ranging closure of the industry and the release of a series of server products carrying cold-war-era mlu100, which led to the introduction of the latest intelligent “core” capabilities to a wide range of markets and the addition of new troops to the dawn advanced computing camp.
Figure 18: Dawn release of phaneron products Chart 19: Lightlight phaneron products compared to normal servers The Central Science and Technology Industrialized Base Project was successfully launched to build production of 1 million high-end servers with capacity
In 2017, the company signed an agreement with the People's Government of the city of Kunsan on cooperation in the industrialization of secure and controlled information technology (IT) at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, investing in projects such as the National Industrial Innovation Centre, the China Academy of Technology Security and Controlable IT Industrialization Base, and the National Security Controlable Information Industry Cluster.
In March 2018, with the support of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the provincial government of Jiangsu Province, the Quinshan project was officially launched. As a result, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, together with the municipality of Quin Xianshan, has launched a major cooperation project in the national information technology industry, focusing on security.
Controllable strategic deployments have been substantially advanced. The project, when fully completed, is expected to generate a total investment of over $10 billion in upstream and downstream industrial chains, triggering hundreds of billions of levels of secure and manageable national information technology (IT) clusters and attracting a large pool of high-end talent in relevant industry areas.
3. Three major demands drive the growth of the high-end server market, and the country ' s weight is no less important. 3.1 benefits from confidential and secure tendering.
In 2017, 360 Threat Intelligence Centers cumulatively detected as many as 38 apt (advanced and persistent threats) attacks on targets in China. In 2018, 360 publicly disclosed two new anti-apt organizations in China: Poisony Yuteng and Blue Broom.
In January-December of this year, 360 Threat Intelligence Centers monitored various apt studies and regional 79 reports issued by 99 specialized agencies around the world. The attacks ranged from government, foreign affairs, military, defence, finance, energy, electricity, medical care, industry to a wide range of areas.
The Ministry and the five ministries of Cyberintelligence jointly issued a communication No. 22 calling for the complete replacement of dedicated information equipment by 2020, which is expected to total more than 3 million units. On the basis of 3 million servers and 10,000 units, the market space for hardware servers is about 30 billion yuan.
The government’s policy cloud and digital China’s strategy have led to a significant increase in server sales. Governments are now pushing ahead with the construction of big data and smart cities, smart government, intelligent transportation, smart medicine, smart power grids, and so on.
In 2017, the total number of stand-alone procurement server projects nationwide was 3,049 with a total procurement size of approximately 2,171 million yuan. Of this total, the number of servers procured was over $1 million, with a procurement size of about $1.67 billion. According to the Government Procurement Information Bulletin, in 2018, the country was competitive through open tendering, competitive negotiations, and competition.
The size of server purchases increased by about $146 million compared to 2017. The number of purchases in excess of $1 million amounted to 25, and the bulk of large purchases in excess of $1 million was the main reason for the growth in the size of the procurement, with a sharp breakdown of the market, government agencies, the Public Prosecution Act and the performance of the education system.
3.2 Batj and second-line Internet companies have paid heavily to build idc to boost excessive investment needs.
Facebook and others make it clear that capex is used mainly for computer equipment, data centres, cloud computing infrastructure, etc. Synergyresearch data show that the total capital expenditure of super-large operators in the first quarter of 2019 was just over $26 billion, a 2% decrease from the same period. Most capital expenditure is spent on large-scale data on construction, expansion and equipment.
The number of these data centres has now increased to 458 and is the main force of server demand. Google, for example, spent $25.460 billion in 2018, an increase of nearly 100 per cent compared to the previous year. Google 2019 spent $130 on data centre construction and new office buildings, and the Internet giant layout was enthusiastic about data centre construction.
Figure 26: Googlecapex and speed of increase Chart 27: Applecapex and speed of increase
The rapid pace of industrial development, the rapid succession and maturity of downstream power providers, social networks, videos, live broadcasts, games, etc., has been followed by large Internet companies, represented by Batj, which have purchased large numbers of servers, paid heavily for the data centre, and increased server purchases. For example, Ali, from 2017 to the present, has been located in South Tong, Hangzhou, Guangdong, and so on.
The Jiang Sonamtung project, the largest data centre for Ali in the east of the country, occupies 450 acres of land, invests 18 billion yuan in total and requires more than 300,000 servers.
Figure 34: Capital spending and acceleration in Kyoto, 3.3.
Provides storage and computing functions. For example, Sequoia supercomputers are designed primarily for nuclear weapons simulations, and pre-applications include astronomy, climate modelling and human genome research: sierra supports the National Nuclear Security Agency (Nnsa) of the United States to ensure the security of national nuclear stockpiles, and is expected to be put into production in 2019 for machine learning and research.
High-resolution modelling and simulation of real classifications will be implemented at a much faster rate than any other supercomputer, and the country’s high-calculation numerical advantage has increased significantly in recent years. Of the Top 500 list in June 2019, China has 219 ultra-calculations, accounting for 43.8% of the list, which has been in place since November 2017.
China’s top nine out of the top 100, mostly after 200. In recent years, as domestic capital spending has increased rapidly, the use of national products has increased dramatically, and domestic firms are on the Top 500 list.
In 2009, the market was monopolized by overseas producers, and ibm and hp were the largest. Of the top 500 manufacturers announced in mid-2019, the main manufacturers were national companies, the conjectures, the wave, the China-Cochrom occupation, the country's multi-university and regional centres of super-counting, and the informationization of government departments have become an emerging factor.
In addition to this, the development of government information systems has become a new demand for high-end servers.
For example, the Shenzhen super-counting centre has taken over a number of projects, such as local political clouds, residence permits, which, when formally launched, will provide efficient and fast information management services that will best link the needs of super-valued resources to cloud computing.
Companies rely on the Chinese Academy of Science, which has been strong in combination, and have dominated the country's super-computer market for many years. The company is a leading national company in high-tech technology based on the major scientific findings of the national “863” programme, based on strong contributions from the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
For more than 20 years now, with deep market understanding, rich industrial applications and autonomous R & D, the leading technology in eight consecutive years, 2009-2016, was ranked first in the market share of the top 100 Chinese high-performance computers, first bringing China high-performance computers to the top three of the world, and has acquired a core range of high-performance computer technologies and gradually developed them.
Industrialization has been achieved, providing the country with the 6000 series of high performances for basic scientific research, major scientific devices, industry development and industrial upgrading, with powerful technology enablers receiving heavy orders. 6000 provides users with integrated products ranging from the infrastructure of the bottom room to the hardware of the system, software, and the integration of applications.
Quality and overall solutions, providing technical services throughout the life cycle. Dawn 6000 is modular and has a high-expandability, peak calculation can be extended to 1,000 pflops, with a maximum storage capacity of eb; and it is broadly adapted, custom-made for optimal storage, operation scheduling systems, etc. for different applications. To date, Dawn 6,000 has been customised.
China’s annual surplus of more than 10030% of Top has resulted in complete solutions in seven vertical areas, and many weight-scale applications have successfully landed. Dawn is involved in many super-crystal construction and upgrading projects, working closely with local governments to gain market recognition.
Figure 43: Supercenter Construction and Upgrade Dawning Participation Project 4. Downwind cloud calculations, product upgrade-led net interest rate recovery 4.1 based on super-counting, positive downwind cloud calculations
Kish, City Clouds is the year of building digitally fit cities, raising the level of urban public services and promoting sustainable urban development by proposing a “Data China” strategy, which can provide a unified computing, storage, safety, network, transportation and other capabilities for intelligent city construction, through management platforms that meet the security needs of government applications and high-security cloud computing.
In August, after the dawn of the urban cloud, the cloud computing service of the city ' s non-synchronous cloud was successfully adopted.
The Office ' s enhanced security review, which was endorsed by the National Cybersecurity Service, represents the leading role of Dawn City Clouds in the areas of informatization, cloud computing security and compliance, and provides a secure and reliable cloud computing service for urban operations.
The city's geography, the city of dawn, the number of clouds.
(gis) The city of dawn.
The city of dawn, the number of clouds, the intelligence of clouds.
In May 2019, in the second digit, the Chinese government launched the “Data China” strategy to create a “digital China” model.
At the State Building Summit, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the people’s government of Fujian City, Fujian Electronic Information Group, and Sino-Sin Network Ltd. to build an advanced manufacturing base for high-end and high-end machines in Fuzhou City. According to the agreement, the base will set up a core hardware and software technology for advanced computing, and develop it through the introduction of industrial robots and numbers.
New technologies, such as word management platforms, industrial networking, new models, advanced digitalization, informatization, intelligent manufacturing plants, and the development of new dynamic energy for Digital Fortune, helping to build a digital China model. 4.2 Product upgrades and collusive charges have a significant impact, with net interest rates moving into a rising cycle.
Companies have been growing steadily in recent years, and the size of their collections and net profits has been innovative. With the company’s new upgrades and the rapid growth of its 86 servers and downstream applications, the size of the company’s net profit collection and repatriation has been innovative and has increased faster overall. In 2018, the company collected $9,057 million, an increase of 43.89 per cent over the previous year, resulting in a net profit of 4.31 per cent.
The annual decline of 14.14 per cent to 10.09 per cent in 2017 was due mainly to increased competition in domestic server markets and higher prices for core raw materials. In 2018, with better supply and demand patterns and sea light production in upstream, the company’s Māori was stable.
The company’s three-fee structure is generally healthy, and research and development spending has steadily increased. The company’s management costs and sales costs as a proportion of total revenue have continued to fall, and the financial costs have increased, but at a lower rate, and the company’s three-fee structure as a whole is healthier.
In addition, companies attach great importance to investment in product R & D and to the upgrading of their own R & D portfolio, with R & D spending stabilizing at about 7% of total revenue and increasing in absolute terms steadily.
Figure 52: Corporate R & D input and share 5, Key assumptions and profit projections (i) High performance computing operations: including high-end cloud computing and general server operations, as a result of exposure to industry and security at the United States Department of Commerce
It is the intention of the Global Bureau to include companies in the list of entities, which is expected to remain stable in 2019, with a harvest range of between 7 billion and 8 billion. Owing to the multi-dimensional demand mentioned above and (ii) software development, system integration and technical services operations that tend to be the norm for trade friction between China and the United States: the business is organized around item (i) above.
The same pressure existed in 2019, but it is expected that, due to stock demand, the recovery will increase faster than the above-mentioned (iii) storage product operation: while this operation is also dependent on the above-mentioned item (i), it will continue to be sustained by multiple factors driven by information security, foreign storage, and rising prices and marginalization of stored products.
The company, as a leading domestic high-performance server, relying on a strong scientific base, such as the Chinese Academy, is expected to maintain a high and steady growth rate for a long time before it arrives. We believe that, in the broader context of autonomous control and information security, the public sector is relatively well placed to enjoy a long-term high-value market treatment, so for the first time, the company has been given an “additional” rating.
Given the high dependence of corporate products on foreign countries, especially United States technology, increased trade frictions in Central America and the inability of companies to find alternatives in a timely manner will lead directly to uncertainty about corporate performance. Policy support is not as high as expected.
Many of the assumptions in this report are based on industrial research and analytical understanding.
There may be some differences with reality.