Crystal Tech Jasolar (002459ch) For the first time covered: photovoltaic integration module taps, leading the component profitable industry, unitprofitbilityisdustry-led:initiation
This is the first time that the idea focuses on inventivefocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) overlaying the big city's initiatewitoutperform
In 2022, the company achieved 73 billion yuan, compared to 76.7 per cent, and achieved a net return.
The profit was 5.53 billion yuan, i.e. +171.4 per cent, of which q4 achieved a net return profit rating of 2.24 billion htiesg msciesg.
As silicon and shipping costs go down, the profits of the integrated components are expected to be restored. Looking back at the past: msciesgroresearchllc.reproducedbypermission; nofurtherdistribution for several years, the profits of the integrated components are under pressure due to high silicon prices.
Rmb131.87bn/us$19.31bn The profits of the chain of industry are periodical, and we believe that the profits of the integrated components are expected to be restored with the fall of the 2023 multi-crystal silicon price. In addition, the sea since 2022q3
Freight costs began to fall gradually to a reasonable area, with the company q4 shipping ring being reduced by 6 points by rmb81.80-rmb49.64/w. We measured the 2022 Topcon taps, Jingao, Lungi, and the coronal single tiles.
The profit is six cents, fifteen cents, fifteen cents, seven cents, and it is expected that in 2023 the company's single-watt profits will deepen vertically-mscicchina, leading the profitable industry. The integration model is now in the forefront.
The integration model, which we believe to be vertically one-size-fits-all, can help to control costs and increase profitability while smoothing risks and increasing profit stability in the event of fluctuations in supply and demand. In 2023, the integration rate will increase further.
The self-supply ratio of silicon and batteries has increased from about 80% to about 90% in the past, strengthening distribution channels and increasing profitability. Companies have long adopted direct marketing patterns, supported by distribution. As distribution markets have grown rapidly in recent years, the public market has grown rapidly.
The Division has the flexibility to adjust its marketing strategy and strengthen its distribution channels, which account for 35% of its revenue on a continuous basis. As a result of its orientation to the c-end, distribution markets are more flexible and more profitable.
Component taps, which are expected to improve continuously as silicon prices fall. We risk: new technology research and development is not as fast as expected; production capacity is not as fast as expected; industry competition patterns are deteriorating; and raw materials prices are rising.
Yang Binbinyang