The N-type era has been added again to the core of the integration of deep-seated internal skills.
Keywords: #Integration#Explosion of Capability Production has been steady at the top ten in the world since the year. In silicon, batteries, and components, companies have a thick, high start, and their former crystal industry group produced more than 70% of the country ' s total in 2004.
The company’s first PV battery production line was profitable, with the battery being the world’s largest in 2010. The components used to work on a Japanese standard and build up their own brands at a high start. The company began vertical integration in 2010, with the global market for components accounting for 14 per cent in 2021 and the cumulative volume of the 2022q2 components reaching 100gw, and the N battery is being built and planned to reach 67gw.
Both are at the forefront of the industry, with strong and robust growth.
In the case of industrial barriers, component markets continue to be concentrated. The brand-channel barriers for head enterprises are expected to expand to 77 per cent in 2023, and the city will continue to be concentrated. 3) Type N penetration accelerates the rise + the price reduction trend for silicon, and components will open up the margin of profit under the new technology + price reduction trend for silicon.
▪ Integration + branding channels are robust: 1) Integration is high, and cost control creates a profit advantage. The company as a whole has a high 80% chemical energy mix, and the advanced production capacity is accelerated upon returna, with capacity 40/40/50gw at the end of 22nd year; multiple long sheets are signed to maintain stability in the supply chain and the main industrial chain plus two-way control of supporting materials is strengthened
The company’s profit rate has been rising on a quarterly basis, with 2022q4 kW earning up to 0.16 yuan/w, and the component company is among the top producers. 2) The branding channels are deep. The company’s overseas channels are 336, with a high annual recognition of overseas earnings, six awards to top European photovoltaic brands, and Europe’s exports ranked first among Chinese firms in 2021.
The U.S. business component was ranked second in ranking; the second and third in rankings in 2020 in Viet Nam and Japan, respectively; the brand was certified by a number of foreign and domestic authorities with a high 96% availability for financing, and the aid company ' s share of overseas shipments continued to rise in 23 years. 3) The component stock continued to increase, and the drop + premium supported high profitability levels.
n-type technology+ integration has deepened into a new growth point: 1)n-type technology layout leading the way. Corporate positioning topcon technology, currently dominated by Deepblue 4.0x components, produces 24.8% + battery capacity and costs 4.6% less than perc; hjt achieves technological breakthroughs with an average efficiency of 25%; and companies have significantly expanded n-type production capacity since May 22nd.
The company's current overseas integrated capacity of 4gw, South-East Asian capacity exempts the United States from double tax and facilitates exports to the United States: the company's 2gw in 2023, or will benefit from the ira Act.
Performance forecast: 22,04 megawatts of profit over-receiving discounts, doubling the growth of United States exports; overseas market premiums, with the company Euro-American high-value markets in 2023 moving in two; the first storage capacity project to build 200mw, and a joint venture with the Saved Energy Dragons World;
Added auxiliary material capacity, with a 30 per cent self-supply rate for connector boxes and welds, and new plans for 500 single-crystal furnaces and 100 Crystal Austrotechnics (002459): Quarterly Review 2022: O3 component single-watt super-profits
The company was founded in 2005 and was in the United States in 2007.
Since then, the production of photovoltaic components has remained steady at the top ten in the world, with the output of components continuously stable at the top three in 2018-2021. The company withdrew from the United States stock market in 2018, and in November 2019,a successfully took stock on the shell, opening a new phase of development. Global stock of company components reached 14% in 2021, and companies introduced new components like Deepblue 4.0x in 2022.
A historical breakthrough of 100gw in the cumulative delivery of the year q2 components is now being built and planned for 67gw, fast-tracking into the N era.
The company ' s silicon technology is deep, and battery technology is early. The company ' s predecessor, the Crystal Dragon Industries Group, was the company ' s first independent single-crystal silicon factory, once the largest solar single-crystal silicon production base in the world. In 2004, the company produced more than 800 tons of single crystal, accounting for more than 70% of the country ' s total, and 25% of the world ' s market share.
In March 2006, the company’s first year of production, 25mw, generated $800 million in solar cell lines, and the battery technology started early, leading the world in 2010. Corporate equity is concentrated, and equity structure is stable.
As of January 2023, the company’s equity structure was Jing Tae Fu (47.62%) and Hua Jian Yu (7.8%).
Corporate management teams have a great deal of experience. The chairman of the company’s management team has more than 10 years of experience in the open-air industry. The company’s management teams are experienced, well-structured, technically sophisticated, and cooperative, with major executives working in the fields of business, management, technology, etc.
Corporate operating income and net profits have continued to grow. The volume of light-voltage machines in the country and abroad has been rising, and companies, as old components of the company, have continued to grow in depth, gathering and net profits. In 2019-2021, corporate revenues grew from $21.16 billion to $41.3 billion, and net profit returns to mothers increased from $1.25 billion to $2.04 billion.
+89% net profit for the mother is $3.29 billion, compared to +150.7%, and the company’s operating income and net profits are growing at a high rate. The company’s Māori rate is falling, net interest rates are rising, roe is rising, and roe is at the top. q3, q3, between 2019 and 2022, the public has increased the equity multipliers resulting from raising and implementing incentive schemes to buy back shares.
At a higher level, sustainable competitiveness is maintained in the photovoltaic industries with fast-evolving capacity. The fall in the cost rate during the company period is clear, better than that of the company. The fall in the cost rate during the company ' s q3 period, 2019-2022, is due to a significant increase in the company ' s revenue collection and the efficiency of the cost utilization during the period and the increase in the efficiency of the cost utilization during the period.
Exchange rate fluctuations have led to an increase in exchange rate gains, with a slight decrease in financial costs, a higher turnover of corporate inventory, receivables, and total assets.
The stock turnover rate was higher than that of the partner head company, which reached a peak of 11.35 in 2019. The accounts receivable turnover rate and total asset turnover rate remained steady at the top two. With its strong leverage, the company maintained the liquidity of its assets at a higher level of water equity and asset liquidity.
Corporate control is excellent, the only component leader that has maintained a positive business cash flow for 13 years. Under a combination of a three-fold cycle of business policy, technology, and capacity, the industry has swollen up and down, with a long line of frustrations over a decision-making error. The company is the only component leader that has maintained a positive business cash flow for 13 years, and steady cash flow is a test.
1.3. Photovoltaic components are the company’s core business, with steady growth. Photovoltaic components continue to grow in volume, but the Maori rate continues to decline.
Figure 14: Growing sales of company components (mw, %) Figure 15: Splitting of company-owned operations (millions of yuan)  Solar cell assembly  Photovoltaic power station operation
As of 2022h1, companies have authorized 1,178 patents, of which 194 are inventions. At present, the average conversion efficiency of companies' percium batteries is 23.7%.
At the same time, the Research and Development Center is active in researching and storing ibc batteries, calcium titanium mines, and stacking technologies. Based on high-efficiency n bycium+ battery technology, the company has also launched a high-efficiency set of Deepblue 4.0x.
A steady and reliable operation. Future N components will continue to be released, and corporate profits will grow in the future. 2. Photovoltage will require the sea of stars, and cellular taps will always be strong. 2.1. Photovoltage will require the sea of stars, long-term space.
2.1.1. Increased demand, both within and outside the country, with more global blooms than the 46.5 per cent increase. In 2021, we identified a total wind power capacity of more than 1.2 billion kilowatts by 2030, followed by a 59 per cent increase in the same year in the domestic installation of 87.41gw, with a further high innovation. According to our projections, we added new capacity in 2023.
150gw. With regard to global loading, the United States, Europe, India have become the main foreign hub market, and markets such as South-East Asia and the Middle East have flourished, and we expect that the concentration of components will continue to rise in 2022 and 2023, respectively.
2.2.1. The pattern of competition is gradually becoming more concentrated, and the concentration of the champions is constantly increasing, with the PV5 going up to 77% in 23 years, and the pipeline continues to lead. As the industry continues to grow, we expect a 77% share of the PV5 market in 2023, with a concentration of PV components.
In 2023, the cities of Lungi, Sky, Crystal and Crystal were more than 10%, and the first stage of the component chain was firmly structured. Headlines built barriers to entry, scale effects, and new technologies.
Control is a major barrier to entry into the industry. In 2022, the distribution ratio of the component head business continued to rise, and is expected to increase further in 2023, with the component head business's ability to control the channel increasing. With regard to overseas shipments, in 2023, head companies continued to grow, while overseas exports continued to be the main source of goods, with foreign shipments taking place.
More than 60% of the total. Expanding capacity can have a scale effect, and head-assembly firms will continue to expand their capacity in 2023.
The capacity will reach 276.7gw, and the production of type nhjt will reach 42.45gw, and with the higher efficiency of type n batteries than type p, the perc component will gradually be replaced in the future downswing process, and the head company, which has advanced technology of type n, will protect the river further.
Figure 27: Companies ' forecast of new technology output and share (gw, %) in 2023
Cpia predicts that in 2023, the market share of the n-topcon+ heterolytic knots will be close to 30%, and in 2025, the rapid development of the N-type technology will also become a major entry barrier for the industry. Crystal Australia, crystallography and the sky are based on the n-type topcon technology, and battery efficiency breaks.
The maximum efficiency of the battery laboratory was 26.81%. In 2023, the industrial topcon production planning 276,7gw, hjt42.45gw, type n batteries had a very promising outlook. 2.3. Silicon prices open the space for demand reduction and the assembly plants double-edged.
In 2022, q4, the silicon material dropped from 300 to a minimum of 150 ton. In January 23, silicon prices rebounded as a result of silicon plant hoarding, and the long-term trend remains downward. On volume, silicon production was released in 2023, while silicon prices fell in the second half of the year.
The trend is more clear: system costs are measured to increase the price of components by 1% irr for every 0.3 yuan/w decrease, and the price of components to stimulate the growth of downstream installed aircraft, with a significant increase in the output of integrated manufacturers. On the profit side, in 2022, the supply of batteries in the industrial chain remained tight, there were still better profit patterns in the battery chain, and the future rate of Māori in the battery chain is expected to rise.
Figure 33: Māori ratio and single-watt profitability of integrated company components ($/w, per cent) 3. Old-school leaders with deep internal skills, strong integration+brand channels 3.1. High level of integration, cost control castings profit advantages
High-integrated production mixes are low-cost, with many long sheets to keep the supply chain stable. Companies have long pursued 80% self-situation, with 40/40/50gw of silicon/cell block/assembly production capacity at the end of 2022. We expect 70/70/80gw output at the end of 2023, with a high degree of integration of the industrial chain, reducing the supply and demand of the intermediate market to the company.
The impact of this is that the company effectively reduces the profits of the construction company. The company's supply chain controls are strong, with long sheets of silicon, glass, industry leaders, and because of the 1.5-2 life cycle for glass and silicon, and 6-9 months for silicon, batteries and components, the company's long-term orders for glass and silicon effectively prevent supply and demand errors arising from the extension cycle.
The company’s single-watt profits have increased from 0.03 yuan/w in q1 in 2021 to 0.16 yuan/w in q4 in 2022, and they have increased for the first two years.
The sub-optimal realization of single-watt profits exceeds the long-term Lungi shares because of steady growth in the company's ability to control the costs of the main industrial chain links, and because of the company's increased control over the support materials, which, from 2022, have been gradually invested in small-scale support package projects at the component production base, effectively reducing the costs associated with the support materials.
Figure 36: The company ' s q4 single-watt profits in 2022 amounted to $0.16/w (RM/w) 3.2. There is a strong concentration of brand channels, with a clear advantage: overseas earnings are 60-70% per annum, and major market markets are ranked highest. Companies ' earnings abroad are consistently accounted for annually.
60-70% of overseas markets are market-oriented. In the European market, the share of companies ' components came from nearly 20% in 2021, ranking first among all China ' s photovoltaic companies; in the United States, the share of companies ' ground power stations reached 7% in 2021, fifth, and business and industry 11%, ranking second in 2020; and in Viet Nam and Japan, the share of companies in 2020.
The output of the components is ranked second and third, respectively; in the Middle East and North Africa, it is far ahead, with more than 30% in Jordan in 19 years, and more than 30% in countries like the United Arab Emirates, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, etc. The number of overseas channels is leading, with European channels accounting for nearly 60% of the total.
The number of sales companies, located in various regions, including Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific, reached 61 countries in 2022. Companies are actively working with their home-grown operators and installers abroad, which currently account for close to 60%. For specific countries, the top five countries are South Africa/Poland/the top five.
Australia/Germany/Spain, with 34/31/27/25/21 each, actively exploit distribution channels to sell distributed components, which account for an increase over the years, with household photovoltaic systems to meet diversification needs.
The distribution component is sold mainly through distribution channels. By actively promoting in-depth cooperation with overseas local distributors, the distribution channel was close to 37% in 2022, distribution was close to 40% (including a small amount of direct sales), and the distribution component was expected to have a share in 2023.
To provide a one-stop solution for the end-user, the company has a technologically advanced home-based photovoltaic system with a low light power performance and a high conversion efficiency advantage to meet different types of roof demand.
Figure 40: The share of company-distributed components increased to 50% in 23 years, and figure 41: Crystal Australasia has a high level of corporate product and brand recognition and is 96% financingable.
The competitive advantages of product performance have been endorsed by third-party authorities in the photovoltaic sector, such as tüvsüd, intertek, eupdresearch, solarif, the China Laboratory Assessment Committee and the China Institute of Metrology and Sciences.
Installermontor’s survey, the number of companies installed is the highest in the world. According to a recent publication by Bloomberg’s new energy finance book, the company was rated as one of the best performers in the 2022 Reliability Scorecard for Photovoltaic Components, and 96% of the respondents considered Crystal and Austrotech to be financingable.
3.3. The supply of components continues to rise, the drop + premium supports high levels of profitability. In 2023, domestic ground power stations experienced a significant increase in demand as silicon prices fell. Foreign demand for distribution increased further owing to high electricity prices and the effects of the Russian-Ukrainian war.
In 2023, the company shipped about 60-65gw, when the global market share of the company was expected to rise to 14.3 per cent, and in 23 years, the company expected the ring to grow with an increased premium on the integrated downfall plus brand channel plus the N ratio.
High capacity, well-established network of overseas channels, growing localization of channels, high-value market turnover, and clear premium advantages. In 2023, although component prices went down with the silicon, the company was expected to grow in the second half of 2023 as a result of a downward shift in profits from the industrial chain, a build-up of the firm's premium advantage, and an increase in the N-type output ratio in the second half of the year, the company's single-watt net ring ratio was expected to rise in 2023.
In the era of the 4.n-type, integrated production capability deepened further with the 4.1.n-type propulsion layout, leading technology continued to lead to the topcon component release, yielding a 24.8 per cent + yield efficiency and a 4.6 per cent below per cent relative to perc.
The n-deepblue 4.0x component uses a new bycium battery technology, with a battery yield efficiency of 24.8% + and a component efficiency of up to 22.5% and a power of up to 625w. The new component has a lower Lid decay and a better weak light response and temperature factor, while achieving a higher conversion efficiency.
The results show that a single-watt power generation of a cell N based on bycium+ battery technology is about 3.9 per cent higher than a module of a p. Compared to a mainstream p component, the cost of a module 4.0 x bos can be reduced by a maximum of about 2.1 per cent and the cost of an lcoe by a maximum of about 4.6 per cent.
The company’s hjt technology has made a breakthrough in silicon thickness, microcrystal technology, silver consumption, with an average efficiency of 25% of the Hjt battery, continued research, and expected future costs of hjt metalization down to $0.075/w.
Positioning of topcon technology, n-type batteries in construction and planning capacity close to 70gw, expected to yield 15-20gw in 23 years. Large-scale expansion began in May of the year, with a total of 67gw planned for new topcon capacity at the beginning of 2023, with an existing capacity of 1.3gw. In 2023, novitting to 6gw, 10gw Kucing, 20gw Yangzhou are expected to be in production successively, with capacity at the end of 2023
It is expected that 37gw will yield close to 20gw. The output of the company ' s Topcon battery is expected to be 15-20gw in 2023, while the n component will be expected to be 30% of the total component + and the n component will be expected to be 50% of the total component + in 2024. hjt is currently mid-test line size, with production expected to reach 2gw by the end of 23rd year.
The test line was run in the 270mw period, two new hjt production lines were expected in Yangzhou in 2023, and the company ' s hjt production capacity was expanded at the end of 2023 to secure a high overseas premium market, which currently has an integrated overseas capacity of 4gw, while South-East Asian production was favourable to exports to the United States. In 2022, the company Viet Nam 2.5gw
In January, the United States announced a temporary waiver of double tax on solar cells and components assembled in four countries of South-East Asia using parts and components manufactured in China, and the company’s South-East Asian capacity was conducive to exports to the United States. The 23-year US plant 2gw, or the benefit of the ira bill, is expected to be 6gw overseas integrated capacity in 2023.
In January, the company announced that it had built a plant in the United States, which was expected to be shipped in the fourth quarter of 2023, with a maximum annual capacity of 2gw. The company built a plant in the United States, which helped to circumvent United States trade sanctions on China's photovoltaic enterprises, and had the opportunity to benefit from tax benefits from the ira bill, and the company's profitability would be further enhanced.
Overseas markets have a premium of more than 40% of Europe and America’s high-value markets over 23 years. More overseas are used for market-based electricity, higher peak prices, sharp increases in electricity spending by residents and businesses, high distribution demand and high premium rates, among other things.
The US market benefits from tax credit policies such as itc, a single crystal perc component premium of more than US$ 0.1/w, the highest price in all photovoltaic markets, and a certain premium in such markets as Europe and Australia. Companies will increase their share of high-value overseas markets by 5% in 2023, with Europe and the United States expected share.
Figure 52: Corporate market export expectations for 2023 (gw) 4.3. Development of energy reserves + support materials, integrated two-way expansion Companies are deeply engaged in integrated two-wing strategic planning, horizontally and vertically. Corporate one-wing strategies: One refers to " One " .
Silicon chips, batteries, assembly main industrial chains; two-wing components, one for smart energy and the other for photovoltaic new material. Smart energy is primarily directed at the end market, including downstream power stations, storage, etc. New photovoltaic material is mainly directed at support materials, including slurry, welding, connector boxes, etc. Since 2022, companies have been investing in storage and support materials.
In February 2022, the company planned to build a 200mw photovoltaic power generation project at the springs, and to establish a joint venture with Hypotheus to enter the military energy industry. Heibos is the best in the energy industry, and in 2021 the Chinese market was able to produce the best product in August 2022.
Issuance of a new generation of hypersafe series solid-state battery storage energy systems, with household storage energy products, single-module-labelled lithium ion batteries with 51.2v, 45ah, low-pressure products with maximum energy of 18 degrees, high-voltage products with maximum energy of 27 degrees. Not only does it achieve household use extreme safety requirements, but it also has one key to start online.
Diagnosis, smart attributes such as telewidth, provides household users with an ideal solution for household storage energy.
In February 2022, the company planned to build the 10gw component support project in Uyu, the first large-scale component support project, with a 30% supply rate to date for the company's connector box and welding.
In February 2023, the company planned to build 500 single-crystal and 100-ton oar projects in Hyesan, with a 20-month construction cycle, with further expansion of the company’s production capacity to provide adequate support for component expansion. Considering the significant increase in downstream demand for the silicon price reduction cycle, and the company’s accumulation of good brands and channels in the global market,
With the further development of the n-type technology, the appurtenance business, and the overseas market, we expect: (1) solar cluster business: the expected output of solar components in 2022/2023/2024 will reach 39,882gw, the Māori ratio will give each of our components the Lungi green energy, the coronative light energy, the crystal energy, the East rising 30%, 30%, 30%, 30%, 30%, respectively,
1. Increased competition. There are more competitors in the photovoltaic component, silicon sector, and the expansion of production capacity will have an impact on the profitability of companies if competition increases further. 2) The photovoltaic policy changes are expected. The internal distribution is still in the early stages of rapid development, with the introduction of pilot policies,
Implementation, location and location have a greater impact on distributed markets, and if pilot policies are not advanced as expected, corporate business will not expand as expected: a large proportion of corporate products are exported, subject to geopolitical, economic and other influences from overseas, and the growth of overseas sales is uncertain, thus affecting corporate performance.
Three major financial forecasts for Jing Ao Tsi have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now in possession of the securities investment advisory board.