Material materials: Four-quarters performance forecast is high, and buybacks show confidence Events: 1) The company issued a performance forecast for 2020, which is expected to be placed on the market in 2020
The net profits of the company ' s shareholders will increase by $100 million to $700 million compared to the same period in the previous year, by 1 to 6 per cent. The net profits attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, net of non-recurring gains and losses, are the same as those of the previous year when the company ' s sharea shares were repurchased and used for the purpose of implementing the equity incentive scheme.
The sum does not exceed RMB 4 billion and the repurchase price does not exceed RMB 8.09 per share.
The chain, among other things, has outperformed expectations, showing greater resistance to risk. And the company has responded quickly to the impact of the sharp rise in the raw materials market and the volatility of demand in the steel market, making full use of the multi-manufacturing base steel shares (600019).
Local operations and synergies, rapid recovery of product size, variety, quality, service and profitability 3-quarter reviews: benefits from automobile recovery and sustained recovery of business performance.
Recovering, the performance of q3 has improved significantly - the company intends to concentrate on a competitive repurchase of shares to implement equity incentive schemes and to develop confidence firmly. The Division has implemented two rounds of equity incentives for effective and sustained release of business dynamism since 14 years, this time.
Soldier shares (600019) Repurchase of not more than $4 billion to implement equity incentives, buy back not less than $400 million and not more than 5 shares to evaluate: cost reduction effect
This buyback not only demonstrates confidence in the company’s long-term sustainability, but also helps to preserve the core, motivates the cadre, and helps the company to improve its business performance.
Automobile power recovery combined with new energy production, and companies managed well. In December, cars produced 2.844 million vehicles, a 6.5 per cent increase over the previous year, showing a sustained recovery, with a cumulative increase in January-December -- a recovery in the automobile industry.
For 1.366,000 vehicles and 1.367,000 vehicles, an increase of 7.5 per cent and 10.9 per cent, respectively, of which 235,000 and 248,000 new energy vehicles were sold in December, a record high of 17.3 per cent and 22 per cent, respectively, for a six-month period.
First, mainly in areas such as electric motor motors, with four quarters of expected high performance expected against a backdrop of high demand for new energy, buybacks, confidence-building investment proposals: “Carbon peaks, carbon neutrals,” supply or restraint of steel, manufacturing rises
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.