Hbm high, cleaning, new growth in electroplating, tsv as one of the core hbm processes, leading companies to clean and plating more copper in the U.S.
The company ' s all-line wet cleaning equipment and copper plating equipment are currently available for the dram (high bandwidth memory hbm) process, and the saps megasonic monosonic cleaning equipment is used for deep puncture cleaning in Tsv, reducing the electrical leaks by 2-3 orders of magnitude; copper plating equipment is more numerous.
A big customer uses copper plating for tsv. In the future, the hbm market will be a huge increase in the company's length, and in the future the company's pecvd equipment and stoveald equipment will also be applied to the hymn cleaning equipment: company-owned saps megasonic cleaning equipment to secure tsv holes.
Purge effects. By developing saps and tebo megasonic cleaning technologies autonomously and with global intellectual property protection, the company solves how megasonic technologies are distributed evenly on crystal circle and how they are achieved when they are applied to integrated circuit single-silent washing devices.
The tsv cleaning equipment is used mainly in advanced wrapping processes such as 2.5d/3d, and the tsv process will be used in the hole.
Polymeric residues, with the option of using high-temperature sulfuric acid mixed with dioxyhydrate liquids, are present in total market value/market value (10076/65 tsv washing equipment has an efficient temperature control capability to control the surface cleaning of Wafer
The maximum/lowest price within 52 weeks is 170°C.
plating equipment: the company has multiple orders for tsv plating equipment from many customers.acm research, etc.
Semiconductor plating refers to plating the metal ion in the plating fluid to the crystalline surface during chip manufacturing. As chip manufacturing becomes more advanced, the interconnectivity in the chip begins to shift from traditional aluminium to copper material, with semiconductor plating equipment.
The semiconductor plating is now no longer limited to copperline deposition, but also to tin, tin, silver alloy, nickel, gold, etc. The deposition of copper remains dominant. The global semiconductor plating cores include the Interforest Group, application materials, Semami Shanghai, etc.
Asmpt and tkc, etc., are about 73%. According to the Hennessy State, the global semiconductor power market is expected to grow from $4 billion in 23 years to $6.1 billion in 30 years: 36-64% of front-track copper plating/back-track advanced sealing, respectively.
Many customers have repeated orders for tsv plating equipment, starting in the second half of 23 years, and are expected to maintain high market demand for 24 years. The risk of uncertainty in the external environment; the risk of technology overlaps; and market failure.
Risk: Downstream expansion does not meet the expected risk. Data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable, currently publicly available information, and, through independent judgement and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness. The findings of the report are not shared by other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific clients.