High-temperature singles spm& Ultracritical co2+ furnaceald, advanced film pecvd, krftrack drives new growth.
The equipment can be used to clean semiconductor crystals during a decoupled cleaning process. The frame crystal cleaning equipment is rich in advanced wrappings, which are expected to receive around 10-15% of the total.
Crystal circle cleaning equipment, which can be used effectively to wash semiconductors during a decoupled cleaning process. The innovative solvent recovery system with frame crystal circle cleaning equipment has a significant environmental and cost-effectiveness function that achieves nearly 100% solvent recovery and filtering effect.
Smaller quantities of chemicals in production: The company, together with an integrated circuit manufacturer in China, has completed the installation and validation of the first co-operative equipment.
At the same time, the company will open up its markets, including South Korea, the United States, and Taiwan, and wait for overseas orders.
The market has great room for growth, and companies are expected to have the best/minimum price for their overall sales in 52 weeks with advanced encapsulation equipment.
acm research, block growth point. 1) company spm equipment includes tahoe, cryogenic spm equipment and new
Increased high-temperature spm equipment, which is expected to enter the fast-growing stage in the future. Currently, there is only one high-temperature spm equipment supplier worldwide. In the recent past, companies have made major technological breakthroughs in high-temperature spm equipment and have independent global knowledge.
Property rights, the second global supplier. The potential market size of the company’s spm equipment is expected to account for 25-30% of the total front-track cleaning market, and differentiated competitive advantage products will help the public to raise their share of domestic and international markets. 2) Companies continue to push for supercritical co2 cleaning.
Dry equipment development and certification, company scco2 supercritical co2 drying equipment to be used specifically for drying dram 18nm and below process node sti/snlayer.
The vertical tube equipment developed by the company can be used for the production of 12-and-a-dry 10-crystal production lines, mainly to achieve different types of membrane deposition processes on the crystald surface, and to design and manufacture different applications and process requirements, focusing first on the lpcvd equipment and then on the direction.
The oxidizers and spreading furnaces develop and eventually move gradually into ald equipment applications. During the 23-year reporting period, the company developed further plasma atoms using a combination of the thermal atoms sediment tube technology (ultrafna) previously introduced on the basis of the ultrafofone plant platform.
This equipment focuses on core technology development and seeks to meet the high-end requirements of the mass ald process for high-yield energy, with low-cumulative membrane thick gas cleaning and particle stability while meeting the atomic layer sediment process.
In perspective, the market for hbm will be a significant growth point for the company in the future, and in the future, the company’s pipe ald equipment will also be applied to the hbm production line.
For pecvd, the company ' s plasma enhances the deposition of the chemical phase ultra pmaxTMpecvd equipment with autonomous intellectual property rights cavity, gas distribution devices and cardboard designs that can provide better film homogeneity, more optimal film stress and fewer
Pecvd will have two or three clients this year, and the company's terminal research lab will be operational from May to June. It will speed up the development of pecvd, cleaning equipment, stoves, and equipment. The company's pecvd process coverage is expected to be about 50% this year.
On the other hand, for example, the arf coatings are currently expected to produce the first process results around June. The replacement product will be launched at the end of the year, with a higher-capacity frame design, applied to the krf process, with back-cleaning techniques, and then immersed.
In the future, the company's different products will be designed to produce greater value and benefit on the client side. In 2025-2026, the company pecvd, track, started to realize sales revenue, and it is expected that the equipment markets will not be the same.
Breaking up will once again boost high corporate performance. Risks of uncertainty in the external environment; risks of technology overlap; risks of market failure; and expected risks of downstream expansion.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective and equitable, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, asset management companies, specific clients.