\triangleright net profit after deduction is 49 million yuan, i.e. +38.71 per cent; net operating cash flow is 180 million yuan, i.e., the same amount.
+9.17 The company issues and implements a profit distribution programme for 2023, finding a gold dividend of $1 (including taxes) for every 10 shares of all shareholders, with a total cash share of $177 million.
\triangleright Market Impact. According to sneresearch data, the number of electric motor power cells globally reached 364.6gwh, with the company ' s battery loaded at 9gwh, +38.2%, the number one in the world.
Eight. According to infolinksourced data, the company ranks seventh in the ranking of 2024h1 global storage cores. For power clients, the company maintains good long-term partnerships with Chirry, General Mitsubishi, Jiang Xiao, Chang An, Gilly, and the general public, and has a new European car.
Dang Young-kang, a company with a new breakthrough in the commercial heavy-car market. 2024h1 company power product Māori, with a similar growth rate of 13.57 per cent, benefited from excellent product performance and high-quality clientele, and from a high-quality customer base.
On the one hand, it is the upstream raw materials of the company’s forward-looking layout, which leads to efficiency gains. Li Xiaoping incubates the new technologies and establishes long-term advantages.
\triangleright Sea, Fertilizer, Tsubau, Singapore, Silicon Valley, Cleveland 8th Major Research and Development Center, USA.
In addition to the delivery of a new product of 8-generation batteries, such as uc3 and lithium standard cores, and 1600, new 5c super-fast-loaded g-eng eng carving cells, high nickel tri-cylinder morning batteries, and the development of the first gold-stone cell based on full-state battery technology. Battery is a technology- and capital-intensive industry, with continuous research and development investment.
Internationalization is in its hands. Companies are pushing forward with overseas production base construction and R & D layout to speed up local \triangleright.
The Jubaino process of production and R & D is now under way in Germany, Indonesia, Thailand, and the four pack plants in Silicon Valley in the United States. The base is being built in Chicago, Michigan, Slovakia, Argentina, Morocco, Viet Nam.
The layout of the production base is progressing, and the 10 largest overseas bases covering materials, power cores, and pack are in their initial shape. 20h1 companies collect $5,527 million abroad, or 32.91 per cent of the total; the Māori ratio abroad is high.
24-year-old Quarterly: high performance, global strategic layout \triangleright 2. National High Level (002074.sz) incident review: Quality returns
3. In-depth report of the National High School (002074.sz) on the research findings of the methodological and analytical logic of the industrial chain, the independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions of which are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.