National High School (002074.sz): Reserves can contribute. September 23, 2024.
The company is one of the first companies in the country to develop, produce and sell lithium-ion batteries for new energy vehicles.
The net return to the mother is 202 million yuan, or 51.4 per cent of the year; the net gain to the non-mother is 38 million yuan, or 17.3 per cent of the year; there is an autonomous core intellectual property right, with the main business being lithium, which is powered.
Batteries and transmission and distribution equipment, major products Completion of the 2023 profit distribution programme, with a gold dividend of $1 per 10 shares for all shareholders (including positive materials, lithium cell cores, lithium cell batteries).
The value of the cash share is $177 million.
Power auxiliary car sizes, storage can contribute to profit increases. 24h1 achieved the main business income of $16.04 billion, installed 7.17gwh. Mitsubishi/Panda Mini/Zerot03, etc. show a remarkable performance.
Highlights for the next 3-6 months: 7th in the world, the Division ' s power core is delivered to a number of countries worldwide, including Asia and the Pacific/Africa/America, and with large overseas depositors, such as Japan ' s edisonpowerer/United States pgt/United Kingdom Podpoint
Costs continue to improve and profit margins rise steadily. 24h1 Māori rate is 17.8%, corresponding to +2.5pt, combined with marketing/management/research rates - 1.2pt, reflecting continuous improvement in the quality of management of the company ' s operations, and financial liquidity b/h (millions of shares)
The same rate of increase is mainly due to a decline in exchange rate earnings. h1 company achieved a net interest rate of 1.9 per cent and a net interest rate of 0.3 per cent and a net interest rate of 0.3 per cent and a net interest rate of 0.1 per cent for non-repatriation, which benefited from effective cost-side control, corporate profits, firm growth in the offshore strategy, and new technologies. 24h1 company achieved $5,527 million in overseas revenue.
Eighth, the company Germany/United States/Thailand/Indonesia, with a total of four pack production bases, has delivered output and achieved coverage of the three major vehicle markets in Europe/North America/South-East Asia, with the expectation that the United States indigenous battery material plus core plant will land in the year to effectively circumvent the restrictions on ira, while the company has increased its European car fleet in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company released new products such as a fully solid “gold cell” and a super-fast-filled “g-carved battery” in which the “gold cell” was the product of the company's continuous investment over the years in solid-state battery technology, with a life cycle of over 3,000 times, a safety capability far exceeding the national mark, and a combination of fast-loaded batteries.
The product structure is expected to pick up; looking ahead, we believe that the firm is firmly moving forward with the globalization strategy, that the ocean’s external production is taking the lead, and that the combination of new technologies and products is on the ground, and that global competitiveness continues to grow.
Research assistant: Wu Xingyang, we appreciate the company's long-term trend towards higher city occupancy, and the expansion of overseas operations will continue to increase corporate profitability. Maintain the "Very recommended" rating.
Increased competition in the industry is more than anticipated than expected, and the East is a source of financial and intellectual excellence, the National High School (002074.sz): Reserves can contribute to the increase in profits and the twin-tracking of new products.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Ho Ha Qing, research assistant profile, Wu Xingyang.
An analysis of your own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: the reserve can contribute to the increase in profits, the two-track flow of new products, and it does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained in it. We have tried to report on what is objective and fair, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.