Three drivers accelerate the transformation of differentiation towards a new stage of innovation growth, driven by a combination of big fluids plus synthetic biology plus imitatives plus innovative medicines. Companies are implementing a “triple-driven, innovative growth” development strategy, which has now evolved into a collend drug.
The “goods” architecture operating platform, made up of industry, Trentin and Colombo, has been successfully transformed into an integrated pharmaceutical company driven by a combination of large fluids plus raw material intermediates plus imitation pharmaceuticals plus innovative drugs. Optimizing the overlap through large liquid products is sustained, while demand and prices for raw materials and intermediate end markets are restored.
This is driven by rapid performance growth, with a net profit of 27% in the last five years. 2024q1 has achieved a strong competitive advantage in major infusions, and continues to push for the optimization of packages, increasing the profitability of multi-room bags (intra-intestinal three-pack + pink double-bags). Companies have been in the top position for many years in the market for large infusion products.
The company currently has a core niche and an iterative cluster of products in the field of intestinal nutrition, bacterial infections, body fluid balances and central nervous diseases (billion shares) that continue to grow towards higher value-added packages and high Maori.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) is expected to increase further the profitability of the company at the end of the major infusion.
The bulk of the company’s stock has been largely incorporated into the national collection, and as of the ninth collection, the company had a total of 47 products listed in the third quarter of 2020 report < < Colon Pharmaceuticals (002422).
Queries: Three quarters of performance, with the risk of innovation taking away. Some 30 generics are expected to be approved each year in the coming years, and new products are expected to benefit from the collection of collections. Companies continue to expand and consolidate improved innovations and complex Ndds formulations.
< [Pacific Medicines] Collon Pharmacy (002422) Surrounding Rivers in Core Areas.
The stock of raw materials intermediates is solid and synthetic biology is in the realization period. In the middle of the company's stock, a combination of medicines is in the harvest period > - 2020-08 - the competitive pattern of physical operations is stable, with production leading: 1) 3,300 tons of sulfur-cyanol production in the industry.
Second, there is a concentration of competition patterns. 2) The dossage intermediates have a total capacity of 3,400 tons, in the first place in the industry, and companies have flexible production plans based on downstream product market demand and industry supply to ensure maximum efficiency in production. 3) 6-apa production capacity of 6,700 tons, in the second place in the industry. Synthetic biology is expected to work.
For the new growth point: The commercialization system of company selection - R & D - large production has been completed and several products, such as red, no ethanol, 5-hydroxyhexyl amino acid, wheat horn sulfur, and Icdoine, are now in the production, marketing and sale stages, and new products are expected to contribute in a sustained way.
Innovative drug lines are expected to be a second-growth curve. Innovative drugs focus on drugs that continue to exploit the commercial value of globalization by working with Mercerton. Multi-core adc tubes commercialize at: 1) skb264 are expected to become first-country trop2adc, 3l+tnbc
The treatment of single-drugs is highly effective and is expected to be approved in 2024; 2l+hr+/her2-bc adaptations have the potential for end-of-line single-drug therapy best-in-class. 2) a166(her2adc) 3l+her2+ breast cancer is expected to be marketed in 2024-2025. 3) Through tumours + self-exempt coordinated layout, a166 (pd-)
l1), the Western Veterans are expected to be marketed in 2024-2025, and a400 (ret suppressant) is expected to be marketed in 2024.
Income from the continued commercialization of synthetic biology products: 3) Innovative drug multi-pipeline commercialization is imminent, with industry policy risks; pharmaceutical research and development and marketing are less than expected; product sales are less than expected; competition is increasing; environmental risks are increasing.
Three drivers of accelerated transformation towards a new phase of innovation growth: (i) Collon Pharmaceuticals: Three drivers, into a new phase of growth, three drivers, the upgrading of traditional large infusion enterprises, and the construction of a "goods" architecture operating platform. Collon Pharmaceuticals (code: 002422.sz)
Founded in 1996 in Chengdu, Sichuan, and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2010. The company's “Three Drivers, New Growth” development strategy has now led to the creation of a “goods” architecture operating platform consisting of the Collen Pharmaceuticals industry, Trentin Beast, and Colombote, which has been successfully transformed into a large liquid + raw material intermediate + imitated pharmaceutical + integrated pharmaceutical company.
In the area of major infusions, companies address product transport restrictions through local subsidiaries and production lines to ensure the market share of the infusion, mainly in Hunan Collen, Henan Collen, etc., and to achieve complementarities and strong alliances through the four drugs of equity (20.43% shareholding) and the Taekin pharmaceutical industry (10.01% shareholding share). In the field of raw materials, a subsidiary, Kawanin, is established.
In the field of innovation, the innovative drug platform, Colombote, was established in 2016, and is now listed in Hong Kong in 2023, with a combined share of about 56%. In the field of generic pharmaceuticals, product layout and research and development are carried out through the Sichuan Collon Institute.
The company management team has been in place for many years, stable and experienced. The chairman of the board, Mr. Liu Qin, has been president of the company since the creation of the Cullens Pharmacy Plant in 1996. Most of the company’s executives have been in the company for many years, and the company’s management team has a wealth of industry experience and is structured in a stable manner that facilitates the efficient implementation of major decisions.
(ii) A wealth of core business products, a leader in the productive reserve industry A strong stock of corporate products and a solid base of core business. 1) In 2023, 47 per cent of the total income from major infusions was received, consisting of 135 products, a total of 297 types of liquid products, and companies continued to open up high-end infusions, new delivery systems and continued to grow towards higher Maori nutrition.
2) i.e. 20% of generic drugs in 2023, with 419 varieties of other agents of a total of 631 specifications pharmaceutical products, with product treatment covering neoplasms, men, psychiatry, asthma, etc., which have been collected in 47 countries to date and continued to be deployed to improve innovative development and ndds complex formulations. 3) 22% of raw materials and intermediates in 2023,
There are 92 varieties of 94-specific raw materials, 2 varieties of 2-specific pharmaceutical supplements, 13 varieties of antibiotics intermediates, and active expansion into synthetic biology. 4) Innovative drugs accounted for 7 per cent of revenues in 2023, focused on adc drugs, which, by working with Mercer East, have opened up the commercial value of globalization and are expected to become a second growth curve for companies in the future.
In the area of large fluids, the company currently owns 12 remitting plants throughout the country, with a capacity of approximately 4.5 billion bags/bottles, while the company is constantly promoting the construction of two-bedroom powders capable of upgrading the existing large infusion capacity to meet the demand for end-market expansion.
Ning Organisms, a large-scale industrial production system has been established in the field of antibiotics intermediates, and the company ' s main products now cover large cyclic ester antibiotics and wide spectral antibiotics, with such productive industries as sulfur cyanide sulphate sulfate and the sorghum series intermediates leading the production industry. In terms of collating biology, the company has constructed a commercialized system of selected products - R & D - large production, and there are currently sanols, 5-hydroxyhexyl.
In the field of innovation, the entire industry has been built to cover antibodies and adcs from early clinical to commercial primary fluids and preparations, with antibody liquids at the age of 50,000l or more; in the industrial sector, adc drugs at the size of 12,000l or more; and in the early clinical resistance to the scale of cell culture at the level of 17000l or more.
Physical liquid production, coupled with the construction of a formulation line matching the original liquid production capacity. (iii) Business income is growing steadily, profitability is increasing. Corporate business income is growing steadily, and net profit from repatriation is rising rapidly.
The company continuously optimizes the pattern of large infusion products, the demand for raw materials and intermediate end markets and the recovery of prices drive the rapid growth in public sector performance. 2024q1 achieved operating income of $6,219 million, an increase of 11.03 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of $1,026 million for the mother
(i) Large infusion taps are strong, and product upgrading continues to drive performance growth. Domestic infusions are strong in the field of big infusions. After many years of development in the country, market patterns have stabilized. In the area of fluids, companies have achieved full industrial upgrading, leading the industry in terms of technological innovation and quality.
The core niche and iterative product clusters established in the field of nutrition, bacterial infections, body fluid balances and central nervous diseases continue to expand to high-value-added packages and high-origin nutrition and therapeutic products. As at 31 December 2023, companies had 135 different types of 297-specific fluid products. Companies and quartz four drugs (20.43% shareholding) and the Tahin pharmaceutical industry (10.01% shareholding)
Large infusions (large-volume injection fluid, lvp), usually referred to as liquid sterilizer formulations with a capacity greater than 50 ml and directly fed into the body by intravenous drips. The infusion is important for correcting electrolytic disorders, acid alkali balances, and body fluid balances, and is directly imported into the body.
Large infusion products can be classified into five categories according to their clinical use: body-liquity fluids, nutrients, therapeutic fluids, blood-volume expansions, and dialysis.
In China, about 98% of hospital patients use fluid products as the basis for treatment, and the increase in the number of beds in health-care institutions can lead to a growth in the volume of large infusion products. As the level of basic health-care security increases, and the growth of an ageing society, the number of inpatients may continue to grow at a certain rate in the future, while the stage of sexually transmitted infections drives the end of the major infusion.
In the future, through the upgrading of product specifications and the promotion of new nutrient-type and therapeutic-based fluids, China will also promote large infusions of more than 10 billion bottles per year, with a substantially stable supply and demand in the industry. In 2013, the country produced the highest volume of 13.4 billion bottles per person, with consumption close to 8 bottles per person, well above the 2.5-3.3 bottles per person per year, especially the base.
In order to prevent the abuse of antibiotics, and to control the cost of their treatment, the hospital outpatient fluids have been restricted since 2014 in Anhui, Jiangsu and Guangdong. As the policy of eliminating outpatient fluids, the use of antibiotics is restricted, the production of bulk fluids in the country has declined, the industry has been integrated, and resources have been concentrated in leading enterprises.
The industry has stabilized supply and demand, and has stabilized at around 10,515 million bottles/bags. With the recovery of post-epidemiological treatment in 2023, the company’s share of the market for major infusions has remained at the top of the market, with a strong leader. With policies such as the elimination of outpatient infusion, the use of antibiotics, the use of hierarchies, the introduction of gmp quality certification, and in the context of large infusion collections, a large number of small and medium-sized infusors have gradually moved forward.
As the market exits and the concentration of the industry rises, competition in the major infusion market is now dominated by four major infusions, namely, the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry, the Huayun cranes, the Illite drugs industry, and the e-Hin medicine industry, where the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry has long held the first share of the market in the big infusion. Moreover, the advantage of the Trunchining creature's antibiotic industry cluster and the cost advantage of the whole industry chain will continue to strengthen the company.
The sales volume reached 4.38 billion bottles/bags, with 45.7 per cent of the total sales in the eight large front-line fluids, and the overall output growth slowed as the production capacity of small- and medium-sized fluids continued to rise, with a steady increase in the production capacity of small- and medium-sized fluids. The Cullen pharmaceutical industry produced 4.4 billion bottles/bags in 2023 and plans to expand production capacity by technology in 2024. The four drugs produced about 2 billion bottles in 2023.
In addition to the ability to produce 1.2 billion bottles of large fluids, which stabilizes the industry first in the 1.2 billion bottles, product structure and package upgrades have contributed to a new impetus for the development of large fluids. Since 2020, there has been a decline in the company’s large infusion rate as a result of the epidemic and the combination of collection and other factors.
Optimizing the structure of the infusion product, with a gradual increase in the ratio of high Maori, high-value-added nutrients and therapeutic fluids. As companies adjust the structure of the infusion product, the rate of closed rooms continues to rise, and innovative products such as three intestinal nutrient bags are being approved, the continued roll-out and release of new infusion varieties in the future will give new impetus to the colenium infusion business, and the firm's competition at the Big Infusion Blocks continues to intensify.
By the end of 2023, the company’s Māori rate was 64% for the big infusion plates, the firm’s stable top industry, and its profitability continued to be in the lead. The risk of hydrate extraction was gradually cleared, and the head business’s market share was expected to continue to be concentrated.
A total of 12 products (4 nutrient-type infusion products, 8 therapeutic infusion products). Increase in the distribution and market share of priority products of the CFL Corporation: newly evaluated dioxyfluoride sodium chloride injections in 2023, rapid release after the fifth round of national collections, market shares (17) glucose (11 per cent) injection fluids, multi-campus (medium- and long-chain fat milk c8-24ve injection fluids), Dosu (long-chain lipids in X3 fish oils)
The annual company report reveals that five provinces, Guangdong Union and Henan, have achieved a reduction in sales costs and an effective increase in net profits. (ii) Irrigation packages continue to be optimized and profitability increased.
There is a huge potential to upgrade the structure of the country’s large infusions, from bottles to soft bags. Clinical fluids are used in large quantities and are highly insecticidal, and package evolution runs through the development of the large fluids. Currently, glass bottles account for less than 10%, plastic bottles account for nearly 50% of the market share but decrease each year, soft bags and various new packages based on soft bags (tube bags, double-room bags, etc.)
Compared to abroad, the mainstream foreign countries now hold the dominant position. According to IQR, Europe currently accounts for 60% of soft bags with Japan, while the United States has 90% of soft bags, while the domestic share of soft bags is still relatively small, and there is still much room for improvement in the replacement rate of soft bags with plastic bottles.
A new generation of fully closed and resilient applications, developed by the company itself, has a wide range of scenarios. Full closed fluids, which do not need to be imported into the air during the infusion process, are the form of fluids that can be delivered by shrunk bags that can effectively avoid the gas, the introduction of micro-organisms into the fluids, and the risk of contamination from external air. Global evidence has demonstrated that full closed infusion is possible.
More safe and cost-effective use of drugs is now recommended in many parts of the world for a fully closed system of fluids. For example, in-country full closed fluid packaging is represented by non-pvc soft bags, straight polypropene bags, which vary depending on material and process, and are particularly resistant to fall.
A new generation of fully closed infusion packagings, developed autonomously by the Lon Pharmacy industry, using polypropylene granules, is made of “emulsive-blowing-basket-washing-filling-containing-containing” production techniques, with bags integrated into unweldeded spots, bags and laminates (combined caps) connected by heat-melting welding, with high welding strength, and therefore high resistance to fall-resistant pressure. Avoids the risk of leaks, guarantees clinical drug safety, and adapts to various clinical scenarios.
The sales of corporate closed fluids have continued to increase, and the profitability of large fluids has been optimized. According to the company ' s debt-transferable issuance instructions, the non-pvc soft bag rate is 60-65%, the bottle is usually 55-55%, and the plastic bottle is about 20%. In response to the large fluid softening process, the capacity of the head enterprise ' s bottle production has declined steadily.
The upgrading of the fluid structure will result in an upgraded market of more than $10 billion. The company’s continued promotion of a safe, closed alternative to semi-closed fluids is expected to further enhance the profitability of the company’s large infusion end.
Placing drug powder and injection solvents in two cavity chambers in the same packaging through advanced welding techniques is open with light pressure at short notice, as they do not require a dedicated formulation site to achieve full-confined sterile formulations, which greatly simplifys the formulation process, i.e. ready-to-use, to respond quickly to emergencies and is widely accepted in clinical terms as an important direction for upgrading the infusion product.
In comparison with liquid products, they have better safety, environmental security, high temperature, wear resistance, corrosion resistance, and corrosion resistance. According to the Analytical Report on the In-depth Study and Investment Prospection in the Plumbing Double Packet Industry 2023-2028, published by the Research Centre for New Thought Industries, the global pink bag market reached $1.98 billion in 2022, an increase of 16.7 per cent.
Technical barriers are high, and the global market is now concentrated in the US, Japan, and China, and most of the products are dominated by antibiotics, and the powdered sorghum double-bag product is the dominant market in the current market, accounting for more than 70% of the market share. The company’s powdered double-room bag has a leading edge, and is expected to be a new growth dynamic for the big infusion.
Long-term production is extremely difficult, with only a handful of companies in the world currently able to produce quantities, and China successfully developed pink liquid double-room bags in 2019, breaking out of a monopoly on foreign technology. At present, global firms with powder-based double-room bags are mainly Nip Lonipropharma of Japan, Taihopharmadatetical of Dabang, Osukapharmaceutical of Osuka, and others.
B. Braun, Baxter, etc., as well as the Cullen Pharmacy, Beijing Peking, Hainan Four Circle Medicines, etc. While the pink bag is still in its infancy in China, the potential of the future pink bag market is expected to rise significantly due to the large market base for big liquid products.
Sodium pine/sodium chloride injection fluid (spentine), sodium nitrothrin/glucose (saltane) injection, sodium thorium thorium/ sodium chloride injection fluid and sodium meropenan/ sodium chloride injection fluid injection. (iii) Intestine nutrients have been consolidated and new products have continued to inject power.
Intestine nutrients are the nutritional elements required to supply patients via the intravenous route, including, inter alia, calories (carbohydrates, fat milk), amino acids, vitamins, electrolysis and micronutrients, mainly for patients with gastrointestinal dysfunction or failure. The company currently receives a total of 16 intestinal nutrient products, including 8 triple bag products, 4 double bag products and 4 single bag/bottle products.
All-industrialization triple bags are safer and more efficient, with great potential. Clinically sound intestinal nutrients require both fat milk, amino acid, Portuguese sugar, etc., but these nutrients have to be packaged separately to be stable. The three-husks place fat milk, amino acid, and glucose in three separate cavity chambers, ensuring stability of the pre-combined cavity fluids.
Compared to the drop, the three-clan product formulation is fixed, i.e., mix-on-the-line, which reduces the timing of the formulation, reduces the risk of mismatching, reduces the likelihood of metabolic co-infection, and improves drug safety and health-care efficiency. The penetration rate of the high-end three-clank product is expected to increase rapidly.
Milk, representing products made in Fasenius, second generation containing medium- and long-chain fat milk, olive-oil fat milk and structural fat milk, representing products produced in Bermuda, and third generation fish fat milk, which, compared to the first two generations, can reduce immune irritation and by-products of inflammation, protection of vital organs, reduction of infection, etc., representing products in jw ' s winuf and
According to data from iqvia, the global market for intestinal nutrition reached nearly 10 billion yuan in 2019, of which Europe accounted for 44 per cent and China for 36 per cent. European brands sold 77 per cent of Europe ' s fat milk in 2019, and sales of 84 per cent. Chinese intestinal nutrients market sold 45 million bags/bottles in 2019, with only three bags sold.
While the market size is only 36%, China’s triple bag product is growing at an average annual rate of 25%, well above the rate of 10% in the fat milk market as a whole. As China’s clinical habits converge towards mature markets, the penetration rate of high-end triple bag products is expected to continue to rise.
Investing in research and development to master the technology, equipment and core materials of intestinal nutrients multipolar bags, breaking import monopolistic patterns, and constantly pushing forward the clinical accessibility of intestinal nutrients multipolar bags. Three bags are corporate technology platforms with autonomous intellectual property rights, where companies now have eight different formulations, different specifications of intestinal nutrient multipolar bags (Dot, Dot, Dott, Dog, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot.
Rey, Tosing, and Tasing have been approved, and several products are being studied. Intestine nutrient plates, more than 20 million bags were sold in 2023, of which 6.13 million bags were sold in three bags.
Stock collection risks are expected to rise, and generic pharmaceutical performance is expected to pick up. In non-refusion-based generics, companies cover all areas of stable demand, such as tumors, anaesthesia, diabetes, men’s studies, and central nerve.
By continuing market expansion, increasing market coverage, restructuring products, and continuing to promote new approved varieties, companies are expected to experience a steady recovery in their pharmaceutical portfolio performance. The bulk of the company’s stock has been largely incorporated into national collections, with the company winning a total of 47 products as of the ninth batch.
In 2023, the company declared the production of 62, the production of 45, and the clinical approval of four. The company continued to operate on the dominant line and on the technical side of the system.
By the end of 2023, the company had improved its layouts and 30 or more of its complex formulations, of which the injection of purple filamentol (the protein combination) had been marketed in many ways, such as the Ipas soluble membrane, the yellow ketamine long-acting injection, and the Bretchen long-acting fluid.
Clinical research is being carried out on the product: raw materials: stock operations are well established, synthetic biology is being developed and (i) the market for antibiotics is growing steadily, with the company leading the three main antibiotics intermediates.
The global market for antibiotics has continued to grow in recent years as a result of population ageing, rising disease rates and rising demand in emerging markets. The global market for antibiotics is more than $50 billion, the domestic market for antibiotics reached $194.5 billion in 2022, and the industry as a whole has increased by more than 4%.
As global demand for antibiotics rises, it is expected that the antibiotics intermediate industry will also grow steadily. Currently, the production route for antibiotics in the country is dominated by bioeasis extraction processes, i.e. maize, soybeans, etc.
For raw materials, they are processed into carbon- and nitrogen-containing compounds such as starch, sugar, soybeans and soybean oil to provide nutrients for bacterial species, to produce core intermediates such as cerebral bacterium and penicillin industrial salt, and to further produce synthetic antibiotics. Sulphur cyanide has a good supply and demand pattern and a high market concentration. Sulphur is an intermediate of redicillin and its derivatives, downstream.
The main drugs are cyclic esters such as erythrin, rothoxin, Achimoxin, and Kramoxin, which can also be used as veterinary drugs for gland-positive bacterium and bronze infections. In terms of supply and demand, the domestic market for sulphate has high demand and low volatility in the short term.
A gradual recovery, with global demand for sulphatic cyanide estimated at 9,000 tons/year in 2020, is still slightly greater than supply in the short term. Competing patterns currently show a concentration of headlines, with a total of 94% of the country’s sulphate market of sulphate in 2020, with a capacity of 43.9% in the city of Cyanide.
Sulphur cyanide is currently produced only through pure fermentation processes, with higher market entry barriers, combined with a policy of restriction and resistance, and the competition pattern is expected to continue to maintain head concentration. Sulphur cyanide prices are expected to remain stable at a higher level, depending on supply and demand.
Head osteoporium intermediates: 7-aca, d-7aca and 7-adca. 7-aca and d-7aca are antibiotic intermediates, dominated by clinical injections, and 7-adca are antibiotic intermediates, dominated by clinical orals. Because of the almost semi-synthesis of the species, 7-aca is synthetic cerebrin.
d-7aca is the next product of 7-aca. The end product of 7-acca and d-7aca consists mainly of clinical injections of sodium cerebral pine, sodium thorium thorium, sodium thorium thorium and sodium cerebral thorium. 7-adca is an important sorbon-type antibiotic intermediate, one of the three traditional mother nuclems of synthetic cerebral bacterium, whose downstream product series consists mainly of head amino, head, head, head, head, etc.
The company currently has more than 3,000 tonnes of capacity per year in 7-aca, d-7aca, and 7-adca, and is produced and extracted under a production system, with the company making flexible production plans based on the market demand for downstream products and industry supply, with a rational allocation of production resources to ensure that the production benefits are maximized.
7-aca: The pattern of competition is stable. Global demand for intermediate industries such as 7-aca was more than 6,000 tons in 2018, domestic capacity was close to 8,200 tons, competition patterns were stable at 7-acca, and the company production market was 37%, leading the industry. Currently, 7-acca markets as a whole are 7-adca: companies use whole fermentation enzyme to produce lower costs and prices have been rising steadily since 2017.
In April 2019, as a result of the blast, industrial plant safety inspections led to a shortage of 7-adca sources, and subsequent prices for 7-adca are expected to remain stable. By 2020, the company will have achieved a full-flow enzyme production rate of 7-adca, which will reduce environmental costs compared with the traditional chemical production of raw materials starting with penicillin.
As of May 2024, the price of 7-adca was 520 yuan/kg. 6-apa patterns were stable and prices would fluctuate with end demand. 6-apa is an important intermediate in the production of semi-synthetic mesothioline-Amosilin and antibiotic-aminoicillin (sodium) and is an important export variety. It is generally produced in an integrated manner using bioeves.
High investment, high sewage treatment, high environmental requirements, and current excess capacity with high entry barriers. According to the Trunchin Ton/year, the capacity of Wichida is about 7,000 tonnes/year, but not yet fully produced, and the capacity of Trunchin to produce about 6,700 tonnes/year. Market capacity is 18%, and real production is higher than Wichita, the main producer in the industry.
The demand for penicillin has increased significantly, with prices rising from 6-apa starting in 2020 and falling from 2023q4, and prices are expected to fluctuate from 6-apa in the future in response to changes in end demand.
Potassium salt penicillin: There are many domestic manufacturers and prices fluctuate with end demand. Currently 75% of the world ' s total production of potassium penicillin g salt, about 50% of the products below the potassium mecin g salt are used as raw material for 6-pa and nearly 30% for export. The demand for all-global penicillin salt is currently around 60,000 to 70,000 tons/year, and there are now more domestic producers, such as Henanhua.
Stars, quarries, Chinese pharmaceuticals, federal pharmaceuticals, etc., produce about 5% of the total industrial capacity, and the overall industrial capacity is larger than demand. Since 2020, the market price for potassium herb has continued to rise as a result of the new crown epidemic, and after 2023, the price of potassium herb has begun to fall as the effects have been phased out.
(ii) Antibiotic intermediate operations are well-established, with a clear increase in profitability. The company’s antibiotic intermediate performance was at a turning point in 2022.
In 2023, the company’s three core antibiotics intermediates: penicillin, thiocyanide, and sulphate intermediates accounted for 43 per cent, 34 per cent and 21 per cent, respectively. The company’s Māori rate continued to rise owing to the recovery of demand in the markets for antibiotics intermediates, while the company’s efficiency gains were significant and cost controls were good.
Figure 35: Cost rates (iii) and environmental advantages of the Tunning Organisms over the last five years are evident, corporate barriers to competition are being strengthened, antibiotics are leading the process, and bio-fermentation is being promoted.
First, one of the enterprises with a full product type and a more advanced production process, with a single line for the production of sulfur cyanide, two lines for the production of amphiboles, one line for the production of coarse deoxychotic acids, with a total capacity of about 16,000 tons/year, with the main products being thiocyanide, redicillin, amino-like intermediates (7-aca, 7-adca, d-7aca), mesothiocin intermediates (6-apa, penicillin g potassium salt),
The company’s 500m3 fermentator cans are the largest fermenting tanks of antibiotics in the world today, with a significant increase in batch yields and efficiency and significant economies of scale.
The company is located in the Xinjiang Ipach Kazakh Autonomous Oblast, located in the northern part of Xinjiang, and has a clear advantage in terms of climate, raw materials, energy and location, which provides strong support for the company ' s long-term development.
Climate conditions can increase fermentation levels, thereby reducing the company’s production costs.2 For raw materials, the company is located close to the maize-producing area and has sufficient light, high levels of maize protein, overall production costs are lower than those of inland producers, and maize prices are more than 20 per cent cheaper than in the interior.
3. Dynamics: The company has a power plant and is close to the coal-producing area, and the cost of coal and energy is relatively low throughout Xinjiang, with clear advantages for the company's energy costs, which are more than 50 per cent cheaper than in the interior. 4. Location: the Holgos economic development zone where the company is located is at the heart of the country's “one-way” Silk Road” development strategy
At the same time, the company currently benefits from the “Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F4-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-
In the context of increased attention, the backward capacity of the antibiotics intermediate sector will be phased out, new projects will be more difficult to approve, and companies will focus on environmental inputs, creating high environmental barriers and advantages in the antibiotics intermediate sector. The company ' s environmental infrastructure will total over $2.7 billion, accounting for more than 30% of the total investment in the project, and environmental systems will cover over 300 acres of land and the total area of the plant.
More than 20%. The introduction of state-of-the-art critical technology such as molecular sifting, dredging activated carbon, mvr, special membrane, spray drying has resolved the problem of environmentally friendly “triple waste” management, with advanced treatment capabilities in the areas of waste water, waste gas, and sludge. In this context, high-end integration techniques such as “import molecule sifting, hydrophobic activated carbon beds, high-temperature thermal oxidation” have been introduced for fermentation gas treatment;
Waste-water treatment uses advanced techniques of "second vapour compressor plus membrane evaporation system plus condensation recovery physical treatment", "mvr evaporation" and "superfiltration +dnf+dtro" combination filtration depth treatment techniques: in slag treatment, "dd high-pressure electron radiation" for antibiotics, "high-temperature hydrolysis plus spray drying/disc drying" are used. In addition, slags from corporate fermentation processes pass through strict procedures.
Sound disposal processes, effective elimination of harmful factors such as antibiotics residues in fungus and adverse environmental effects, disposal of organic fertilizers for industrial maize, targeted crop cultivation such as soybeans, harvested maize and soybeans, all used for fermentation of corporate products Production processes, establishment of a supply chain system for green-cycle economy industries, clean management of fungus and efficient recycling of resources
(iv) Synthetic biology has an early advantage, enabling companies have a second-growth curve, and there is great potential for technological innovation in synthetic biology. Synthetic biology, through the targeted design, adaptation, and even re-integration of organisms, can achieve new ways of producing synthetic organisms as tools for material processing and synthesis.
At this stage, synthetic biology should be directed to creating industrial bacteria or enzymes by applying “genetic editing techniques” to target genetic modification in comparison with bacterial or enzymes technologies.
Synthetic biotechnology has become a full complement and replacement of traditional technologies, widely used in such end-of-life areas as medicine, chemicals, food, agriculture, consumer goods.
The overall rise in synthetic biology-related markets. According to the Strategic Planning Analysis of Synthetic Industry Prospects and Investment in China 2024-2029, published by the China Commercial and Industrial Research Institute, the global synthetic biology market reached US$ 9.5 billion in 2021, with annual economic impacts ranging from US$ 180 to US$ 3.6 trillion.
High-quality soil strains, innovative layout of multi-platform products, and i-subsidized R & D. The Chuan Ning bio-companity fully-funded company, the Chuan Ning Institute of Shanghai, has five high-quality cervix species, including coli, yeast, streptoccal, sapella, glucone, etc. The primary focus of R & D products is on natural conservation with high value added.
The company has a strategic partnership with Shanghai Goldstone Technology, which will use the ai-empowerment industry, auxiliary synthetic biology research and development, and new products for cooperative development to continuously improve the company’s production methods and efficiency.
In March 2023, the company invested in the construction of the Green Cycle Industrial Park Project in Ishao, Kazakh Autonomous Region, Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, which was completed in December 2023.
Tons, 5 tons of red sky, 10 tons of ketamine, 50 tons of blackeneder, 500 tons of plant platinum and other flexible production bases for raw materials. Currently, the company has several products in production and marketing, such as educant, 5-hydroxycarbine, thiomers, and Iqdoin, the first synthetic biology enterprise in the country to deliver the product.
The number of synthetic biology landing products is included in the equity incentive targets, and performance is expected to continue. The company issued a 2023 equity incentive scheme to grant restrictions to 38 people, including senior managers, mid-level managers, core business (technical) cadres.
The performance targets are: net profits in 2022, net profits in 2024 and 2025, with a compound growth rate of not less than 25%, and no fewer than three new synthetic biology products are produced and generated annually. According to public sources, the company’s new synthetic biology products are available and its performance is expected to continue to materialize.
Innovative medicines: adc national leader, in the period of close commercialization: (i) the future direction of precision treatment for adc drugs, China’s market potential, the increase in the number of oncological patients, and the rapid expansion of the market for oncological drugs. With population growth and ageing trends, this has been accompanied by early diagnosis.
The global market for oncology drugs has expanded rapidly in recent years, both globally and in China. The global market for oncology drugs has grown by 13.1% annually, from 2017 to 2022, according to the Colombote book, and the antityphoon drug (adc) is one of the fastest growing tumours in recent years.
The target of the twin toxicity drug consists of a biological agent that efficiently transports small molecular-cell toxicity drugs to target the target tumor cells in a single-resistant vehicle. As the adc drug delivers the charge to the oncology level, it has a wider treatment window compared to chemotherapy, while reducing the toxicity to the health cell.
Adc plays an anti-cancer role mainly through its cytotoxic payloads, and compared to other antibody drugs and target-oriented treatments, adc is better able to overcome low or heteropathic expressions of tumours, and therefore has the potential to enhance efficacy and overcome resistance. The global market for adc is growing rapidly, with China’s market potential high.
The year-round growth rate has been growing rapidly. Following the approval of China’s first adc drug, the market for drugs began to grow rapidly, from 800 million yuan in 2022 to 66.2 billion yuan in 2030, with a composite annual growth rate of 72.8%.
Anti-Vibutto, Ogaitor, Vidisto, Gosato, Tetratole. Figure 42: China ' s market size (billion yuan) (ii) Big molecules ' research and development pipelines are rich, and the commercialization of many products is imminent.
Colombote focuses on the development, manufacture and commercialization of innovative drugs and has three innovative drug development platforms: adc, big molecules (uni- and dual-resistant) and small molecules. The tubes currently cover a wide range of cancers that are difficult to treat, such as breast cancer (bc), non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc), gastrointestinal tract (gi) cancers (including stomach cancer (gc) and colon cancer (crc)), as well as large numbers of patients and medical needs.
Companies actively seek global innovation and commercialization as partners, making full use of their respective niche resources to fast-track project development, clinical transformation and commercialization.
Line assets have entered into cooperative agreements with Mercado, while other pipelines have entered into authorized collaborations with companies like harbourbimemed, llipses, etc. The approval of large mnc has fully endorsed the clinical value of the company’s arc development capacity line, and companies have the hope that innovative drug pipelines will continue to open their way out of the sea.
The commercialization base and market channels in Lombotai are expected to open quickly.
Trop2 is expressed in a variety of physical tumors and has become an important target for tumor development. Trop2 is a transmagnetic protein, with a wide array of physical tumors, common breast cancers, urinary skin cancers, cervical cancers, non-small cell lung cancers, etc. About 64% of gland cancers in Nsclc and 75% of stair cancers are expressed in trop2 and are closely related to prognosis, and trop2 has become an important research and development target for lung cancer treatment.
The market for trop2adc is promising, and the global market for trop2adc is expected to grow from $400 million in 2021 to $25.9 billion in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 59.8 per cent. The market for trop2adc in China is expected to reach 23.6 billion skb264 in 2030.
Trop2adc totals 45, of which 5 are in the clinical iii phase. 1) Gillid's trodeivy is the only currently approved trodeivydc worldwide, with advanced tnbc, late uc, and hr+/her2-bc. The sales in 2023 were $1,063 million, an increase of 56 per cent. However, due to its product properties, it is highly de-targeting toxicity, trodeivy drug label.
(b) The hr+/her2-bc adaptive disorders of the third degree ds-1062 have been declared on the national market. 3) The skb264 most advanced adaptive conditions are currently late tnbc (declared on the market), nsclc, hr+/her2-bc, etc. are in the clinical ii phase. (4) esg401 and shr-a1921 have just recently been approved.
Chart 49: Clinical trop2adc (up to 2024.7) skb264 differential design can reduce safety risks and hopefully expand treatment windows. kskb-264 (Zankonsartoll single resistance) is a new form of human-fed cell surface antigen 2 (trop2)adc with a target to a late-stage physical tumor, developed with new connectors that connect to it.
Paralyzing isomerase inhibitor derived from Bello's Decomposition as a payload with a dar value of 7.4. Hydraulic connections promise to release cytoph-sensitive cracks and intra-cell enzyme cuts to release membrane permeability payloads and thus achieve bystander effects. The skb264 special design improves the stability of adc and maintains adc bioactivity, thereby increasing its target orientation and reducing its de-targeting and targeting.
Disaggregated toxicity, promising to expand treatment windows. Safety advantages are shown in skb264 clinical trials. Differential payload/connection sub design and mythology strategies in skb264 can reduce safety risks and demonstrate good safety in clinical trials.
At the recommended 2nd dose (rp2d) (5 mg/kg, q2w), 99 patients (52.7%) showed a level 3 or higher trade. 51 (24.2%) patients suffered serious adverse treatment-related events (trsae) but no death-related trade reported. Compared with trodelvy (non-head-to-head test), skb264 showed a lower incidence of a reduction in the number of neutral granular cells (54% for all grades, 78%, level 3 or more).
The incidence of diarrhoea is low (26 per cent vs. 49 per cent) and low (4 per cent vs. 59 per cent at all levels and 0 per cent at levels 3 or above and 11 per cent at 11 per cent). Compared to patients receiving treatment for ds-1062 (6 per cent at all levels and 2 per cent at levels 3 or above), there is no intertoral pulmonary disease associated with treatment for skb264.
Skb-264. It is expected to become a national product with a capital to market trop2adc. Skb-264 has a different clinical layout for larger adaptive populations, such as breast cancer, lung cancer, stomach cancer and ovarian cancer, to fill the gaps in related treatments. 1) Breast cancer: 3l+tnbc monotherapies have a significant effect and are expected to be approved in the first place (submitted in 2023 and incorporated into the priority review approval stream).
The process is expected to be approved by the end of 2024, and joint pd-l1 therapy is being explored to advance front-line treatment, and clinical trials are now under way. 2l+ hr+/her2-bc1/11 shows better orr and mpfs with the best-in-clas potential for end-of-line monotherapies. 2) Lung cancer: exploring 1legfr mutated/novel Nsclc combination therapy is expected to lead to breakthrough progress in the egfr mutant.
3) Late stomach/ovarian cancer: Explore 2l+ monopharma and co-maintainive therapy. Chart 51: skb264 Clinical development strategy skb264 treatments tnbc with high effectiveness and safety advantages are expected to be new standards for treatment. bc is the most common cancer in the world.
tnbc is an invasive subtype of bc, accounting for about 15% of the total number of cases of bc. According to Frost Sullivan, global single drug treatment tnbc can reduce the risk of disease progress or death by 69% in 2022 (hr-0.31). For efficacy, mpfs (5.7mvs.2.3m), 6 months pfs (43.4% vs.11.1%), orr (43.8% vs.12.8%).
The main side effects of the control group, Level 3 and above, include a decrease in the number of neutral particle cells (32,3%, 47.0%), anaemia (27.7%, 6.1%), and a decrease in the number of white cells (25.4%, 36.4%). The advantage of the current clinical standard treatment program trodelvv.skb264 is also significant.
The risk reduction is 69%, higher than 57% of the trodelvy, orr. The treatment effectiveness of skb264 goes beyond the current mainstream standard scheme and is expected to be a new standard for the tnbc clinical scene. The skb-264 drugs have the best-in-class potential in the 2l+hr+/her2-bc treatment.
According to Frost Sullivan, the number of cases was 1.3 million globally and 190,000 in China in 2022. Among the three drugs leading global clinical research and development, the baseline for treatment of the bcc patients (with 1-3 linear treatments) was the best of the same kind compared to the other two, trop-2adc, skb-264.
), dcr (89.5% vs85.4% vsna), mpfs (11.1mvs 8.3mvs5.5m).
Lung cancer is the second most common cancer in the world, with Nsclc accounting for more than 85% of all lung cancer cases. According to Frost Sullivan, in 2022 there were 2 million cases of Nsclc worldwide and 840,000 cases of Nsclc in China. According to clinical data published by 2024acr, skb264 pills had a significant effect on the egfr mutant population, orr was 60% and safe and controlled.
The competitions trodeivy and ds-1062 are currently failing in the Nsclciii period, and skb264 is expected to be the first drug in the field of lung cancer that has been approved for roll2adc. (iv)a166: Potentially late her2+bc firstborn adc
a166 has the potential to become the first country to receive treatment for her 2+bc at an advanced stage. There are currently three paragraphs of her2dc approved in the country, namely Hershelé, Aitihe, and Enhertu, which cover only a small number of her2+-substance patients, with a higher annual cost, so that the market currently differentiates her2dc treatment options for expanding her2+-substance cancer patients at a later stage.
Figure 54: Comparison of clinical results in her2addc, which is already on the market in the country: a166 is currently being studied in the country around the late stages of her2+bc (including her2+bc, her2+gc and her2+crc)
Development. Of these, 3l+her2+bc adaptation Nda applications were accepted by cde in May 2023 and are expected to be marketed in 2024-2025. In addition, a166 has been running a first-to-first t-dm1 phase of clinical trials at 2l+her2+bc. With the successful completion of clinical trials, there will be a further increase in the coverage of the population, and a166 is expected to gradually demonstrate its marketing potential.
(v) skb315: Development progress is advanced and commercialization is expected to accelerate cldn18.2 with selective tumour characteristics and distribution among some of the most offensive tumours, becoming a hot spot for oncological research and development. cldn18.2 is highly expressed in tumours with some of the highest rates of morbidity and mortality and lack of effective treatment, such as gc and pc, which are highly represented.
Normal expression is limited to the gastric mucus membrane. This selective expression makes cldn18.2 a promising drug target, cldn18.2 a cell-connected protein, which is strictly confined to the innermost layers of the gastric mucus membranes or gastric walls, and which, under normal circumstances, is largely impossible to contact the target with the antibodies. However, cellular connections are destroyed in the course of cancer development, exposing the table of cldn18.2 on the surface of the tumor cell.
With the exception of gc, cldn18.2 was found to be overexpressed in various organ tumours (e.g. pancreas and esophagus cancers) that were not usually expressed. cldn18.2 has been selected and distributed among some of the most invasive tumours to make it a hot spot for research and development of tumours. No cldn18.2adc has been approved worldwide to date.
The skb315 pre-clinic study shows good safety and a wide range of treatment windows. The skb315 is a cldn18.2adc drug developed autonomously using a corporate innovation platform for the treatment of late-stage physical tumors, and the clinical stage is now complete. The skb315 uses differential payload-connection sub-designs, one of which is a new, mesocytetotoxicase i (topo1) inhibitor with high dar and
Targets are directed to anti-couples. The design has less potential for harm to the stomach tissue of the normal cldn 18.2 expression. The skb315 displays good safety features in mice and crab-eating monkey models, showing extensive treatment windows with limited and reversible organ toxicity, and shows the potential for good safety features in the human body.
Chart 57: skb315 and hek293t-claudin 18.1/18.2 cells Chart 58: skb315 in the cldn 18.2+/-gc model
The comg901 in Noah has entered the clinical period, while the rest of the cldn 18.2adc is mostly in the /. The skb315 period has now been completed and the commercialization of the skb315 is expected to accelerate as the skb315 clinical process continues, with the strong development capacity of the sktomersatón. (vi) Other tubes: the commercialization of the multiple oncology tubes is imminent and the market for frees is synchronized.
Multiple tubes in the field of oncology are in the harvest period: a167 is commercialized, and co-therapy is explored to achieve full clinical value.a167 (pd-l1) single-drug treatment 3l+recycling and transferable npc Nda applications are accepted and are expected to be approved for listing in 2024-2025,a167 co-chemistry treatments
As a first-line treatment for re-emerging and transferary npc ii experimental integration has been completed. Immunotherapy, as a cornerstone, can have better synergies with adc or target-to-drugs, etc. The company actively explores the potential of a167 co-medics as early-line therapy, thereby maximizing the clinical value of the oncology tubes. Two ii tests are currently being developed: 1) skb264 combineda167 (1l).
The application for a 140 (egfr bio-like drug) has been accepted and is expected to be approved in 2025.a140 is a West Endocothetic antibiotic-like drug, and the West Endocothesis currently approved in the country is a combination of co-chemistry therapy with wild ras-based cancer.
In 2018, the Xuetosquel became part of the national health-care catalogue. In 2023, the Xistols were sold more than €1 billion worldwide and China was sold more than RMB2 billion. China’s Xitosque a400 was expected to become a second-generation alternative ret suppressant for ret+ real-estate tumors. Research shows that ret is melted.
The share of non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc) is about 1 to 2%. The first two-generation selective ret inhibitors have now been approved in China for the treatment of ret+ real tumors, with limited therapeutic efficacy due to the availability of ret resistance mutations and safety problems such as hypertension and heliological toxicity.a400 uses new proprietary molecular structures to address selective ret inhibition resistance.
Keeps the target selective, therapeutic, and safe, and reduces production costs and difficulties.a400 treats 2l + late ret+nsclc.
In 2022, the number of patients in China reached about 6 million, and the Chinese drug market reached 17.4 billion yuan. Currently, three kinds of Jak inhibitors have been approved by the National Drug Control Service for treatment, but have been approved for treatment.
The agent has significant safety problems, and fda has issued a black box warning that increases the risk of serious side effects, including severe infections, death, malignant tumours, blood clots and major anorexia events.a223 configurations retain target selectivity and optimize pharmacological properties structural design, clinical studies have shown good safety, most teae are light or moderate, and no blacking has been reported for the Jak inhibitor.a223
Box warns of related safety issues. According to the initial clinical data from the  trial, a223 showed significant anti-resistance therapy in the mid-heaviness of the patients, with the potential to become an effective treatment option for improving the efficacy and safety of the ra treatment, with the earliest prospect of declaring a netda in 2025.
1. Large infusion & imitation pharmaceuticals: Large infusion: The company ' s technologically modified and expanded capacity in 2024, the release of new and approved products and seasonal demand, accompanied by a rising proportion of high-end packages and high-origin nutrient/therapeutic products, and a steady increase in the Māori rate, projected to be expected.
Simultaneous pharmaceuticals: taking into account the risk of company stock varieties, while high-end generics/improved innovations are being approved,2 raw materials and intermediates: sulfur cyanide: current supply and demand patterns are stable, prices are expected to remain stable and demand driven by seasonal infections is stable
(c) Selection of companies in the industry that are close to the Colon medicine industry, and also of large-transfusion generics, raw materials, etc., and their continuation.
Promoting innovation transformations, such as cranes, medicine in China, medicine in China, medicine in Singapore, medicine in Shiraita, and five companies from 2024 to 2026, with new varieties taking stock of risks, with a stable pattern of competition for the core products of the feedstock drug intermediate, with synthetic biology products being increasingly commercialized to contribute income, and 3) the commercialization of innovative drug multi-pipelines is imminent, with the prospect of accelerating the process of large-scale mnc clinical development.
Figure 65: Comparison of comparative corporate valuations: Three drivers of accelerated transformation towards a new phase of innovation growth Industry policy risks; under-research and development of medicines and under-marketing expectations; under-sale of products; risk of increased competition; environmental risks.
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report