The advantage of the blending operation is highlighted by the readiness of semiconductor siliconses to be released, as well as by factors such as the sales and sales of luminous silicon products of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, the accumulation of technological advances, and a marked increase in corporate revenue and profitability.
2021h1 registered a 110 per cent increase in sales of photovoltaic silicon tablets on a year-on-year basis, with an increase of $16,249 million, or 110.53 per cent, on a year-on-year basis. On the other hand, through technological advances and industrial applications of the 4.0 system, the unit production silicon consumption rate has fallen by about 2 per cent and has effectively contributed to the improvement of silicon and production efficiency, reducing operating costs and reducing operating costs.
With six months of rising prices for silicon, cost controls have improved, the unit Maori rate has improved, the public-capacity-extension enabler company maintains a holding rate in the 210 silicon market, and the n silicon is expected to be phased out. The company’s production capacity is projected to be phased in, with the current company’s photovoltaic silicon production capacity at 70gw, of which 210 produce about 40gw;
By the end of 2021, production capacity is expected to reach 85gw, with a large-scale capacity of about 50gw. Currently 210 dimensions, silicon penetration has increased from 6% to 15% at the beginning of the year, companies have over 90% in 210 silicon markets, and further expansion will guarantee the company ' s capacity and market share in large silicons. On the other hand, companies are strong.
With differentiated routes and a focus on global cooperation, the n silicon has made a breakthrough. It is expected that the technological pre-empowerment of the n silicon will lead the way to the n silicon business.
As a result, the company’s operating mechanisms became more flexible, its business dynamism was released, and the cost of financial R & D for 2021H1 was as high as 9.7%, with the company’s first equity incentive programme following the change last June.
Equity options and employee-holding schemes. In the current more market-oriented system of companies, the incentive programme will fully mobilize the continuous innovation of corporate management and technicians, helping companies to remain competitive in the long term, while institutional mechanisms will be improved.
The company’s net profit return is a combination of 67% growth over three years, taking into account that the central ring shares are leading companies in the photovolatile silicon industry and that in the field of semiconductor large-size silicone, the company is in the middle of the country and is less profitable than expected; the company’s semiconductor silicon is not moving as far as it is expected.
The company was formerly a semiconductor material factory in Tianjin City and a third semiconductor plant in Tianjin City, which formed the mid-link semiconductor company in Tianjin City in late 1988 and then converted to production in 1999.
For a fully-owned state-owned Tianjin Electronic Information Group, the share system was transformed in 2004 to Tianjin Central Loop Semiconductor Company Ltd., which was listed on 20 April 2007 at the deep end. The company is committed to semiconductor energy conservation and photovoltaic new energy industries, a high-technology enterprise that collects research, produces, operates, and creates one-size-fits-all. The company is a green low-carbon, low-carbon company.
Sustainable development is aimed at automating manufacturing management and diversifying product innovation. At present, corporate products are widely used in a number of areas, such as smart grid transmission, new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, etc. Companies are oriented towards market operations, industrial technological upgrading, and manufacturing, with a view to globalizing industry and commerce through the development of four broad sectors of business.
In September 2020, the company completed a mix of billions of shares in state-owned enterprises, accounting for 27.23% of the company’s total stock. Following this change, the Tianjin City State Finance Committee was no longer in the hands of the company, the number of tcl-owned shareholders and their holdings remained the same, and the tcl-owned indirect stockholding company became the real controller.
The second largest shareholder in the Department is Tianjin Sea Information Industry Restructuring Investment Fund Ltd., with a 5.14 per cent share. The third largest shareholder in the Department is the National Electric Technology and Environmental Conservation Group Ltd., with a 2.77 per cent shareholding.
In recent years, corporate income and net return profits have been growing steadily, benefiting from the development of the photovoltaic industry. From the company’s revenue structure, there is an increase of $110.53 million, representing an increase of 92.09 per cent, and a rise of 3.78 pp compared to 2020, and a steady increase in revenue for companies. For semiconductor materials, 2021h1 companies have achieved an increase of $855 million in operating income, which is the same increase.
65.84 per cent resulted from the rapid growth in production of the company ' s silicon 8-12 inches project and the continued positive demand for customers. With the rapid growth in the photovoltaic industry, corporate revenues have been growing in recent years. 2021h1 companies achieved revenues of $17,644 million, or 104.12 per cent more than in the previous year; and net return returns of $1,480 million, or 174.92 per cent more than in the year 2020.
With regard to the Māori rate, the company’s overall Māori rate is gradually increasing. The company’s profitability has improved with the release of 2021h1 pieces of business dynamism, technological advances and industry application of 4.0. This is reflected in: 1) the company’s flat silicon silicon silicon consumption rate has fallen by about 2% compared to the year, while the silicon a product rate has increased significantly, with prices rising at 2021-1 silicon.
Cost controls are good and the Māori rate per unit of product has improved considerably. 2) Corporate industrial production methods of 4.0 have been applied in various business processes and scenarios, leading to fine production processes and effectively contributing to productivity improvements and lower operating costs.
The advantage of a large silicon silicon silicon in size g12 was highlighted, and profitability is expected to lead the industry. In 2019, the company released a silicon silicon series to the world’s first company to publish 210 mm silicon in size. By the end of June 2021, the large silicon silicon production capacity of 210 silicon sizes had reached about 40gw, 210 silicon capacity in size.
In the current boom in industrial chain prices, there is much more room for industrial chains and terminal power plants. With cost advantages, the penetration rate of 210 silicon tablets rose rapidly, from 6% to 15% at the beginning of the year in June 2021, and we believe that there is still room for further improvement. According to the company’s production plan, the total output of silicon tablets will be reached by the end of 2021.
80-85gw, 210 silicon production capacity will reach about 50gw. Large-scale advantages + industrial fine-tuning production processes, companies’ profitability is expected to remain at the top of the industry.
Breaking down. A major breakthrough in 2020 in the 12-inch crystal circle in key technology, product performance quality, has been achieved and supplies have accelerated production and capacity-building, which has now resulted in a monthly production capacity of 8.6 million units per month and 12.7 million units per month; a target of 8.7 million units per month and 12.17 million units per year is expected to be achieved by the end of 2021. At the same time, companies are actively expanding their global marketing in Europe.
A network of market channels, such as continents, has been set up to serve around 400 domestic and foreign companies. With the current trend of a strong development of semiconductor chip industries, and high demand for semiconductor silicon tablets, companies are expected to increase their market share by promoting product coverage, such as power semiconductors, integrated circuit cores, with many years of research and development inputs and technological accumulation.
In September 2020, the company became a controlling shareholder in tcl. The company updated its business concept, optimized its business organization and processes with innovative and sophisticated requirements, lowered its financial costs and brought about clearer strategic direction. In addition, the company developed a new light based on market trends.
The five-year strategic plan for energy operations and semiconductor plates, 9205, aims to achieve a global lead in the semiconductor new energy industry, with China leading both the leading and the semiconductor material. Assumption 1: the company’s photovoltaic silicon production capacity was released on schedule, reaching 85gw by the end of 2021, and 110gw by 2022.
Based on the assumption that the Māori ratio of semiconductor silicon tablets will gradually rise to 30 per cent in 2023, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2021-2023 as follows:
(b) Considering the risk of failure to release the company’s capacity on schedule, given that the central ring shares are leading companies in the photovoltaic silicone industry, and are large in semiconductors (1); (2) the risk of continued increases in the cost of raw materials, the global demand for PVs falling short of expectations, and a decline in the company’s profitability;
The company’s semiconductor silicon is not as advanced as expected. Novo will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for his specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.