During the first half of the year, the performance of the company continued to increase, and production capacity continued to release, while the performance of Huang Xuyu 2021h1 continued to grow and investment in R & D increased significantly.
The net profit was 1,480 million yuan, an increase of 174.92 per cent over the same year; the net profit from the non-repatriation of 1.302 billion yuan, together with Liu Hengwen, the price of upstream raw materials continued to rise in the first half of the year, with the company's manufacturing methods further improving.
Industrial 4.0 production methods have been widely and deeply applied in the company's operating processes and business scenes, with a significant increase in labour productivity, product quality and consistency, consumption of raw materials and capital consumption effectively improved, plant operating costs continuously reduced and company manufacturing end profits earned
Growing, to a greater extent, absorbs the adverse effects of the rise in raw material prices in the first half of the year, supports corporate performance, company costs are being optimized, and orders for semiconductor products are being raised. With technological innovations in the company’s photovoltaic materials crystals manufacturing system and chip manufacturing systems, the company’s unit equipment is theoretically productive and real.
Roe (ttm) International production increased considerably, significantly reducing fixed cost amortization and variation in production processes
Mobilize the cost, and use advanced wires, film production experience and technology to build up, in conjunction with downstream customers, the lowest price (in dollars) of silicon silicon thinning applications in December.
In the first half of the year, the demand for semiconductor materials was driven by motor electronics, the company ' s 8 inch and below orders were higher than expected, and the company was accelerating the expansion of capacity in the Jiangsu Big Silicon Project.
At the same time, the start-up of the Tianjin plant was planned and the asset structure was optimized to further enhance the capacity and overall profitability of the order delivery: 12 inches of domestic customer orders surged, and the company released effective capacity and improved delivery rates by speeding up the new production line.
The above-mentioned logic products have been successfully validated by a number of clients, and will enter the incremental phase in the second half of this year, with the certification of unique products such as igbt, cis, pmic, ddic, etc. The large silicone output continues to be released, the product structure is transformed smoothly, and the vanguard position is consolidated.
The company’s first photovoltaic g12 silicon tablets are platform-based technologies, with clear product performance and cost advantages, and are highly recognized by industry clients. In the first half of the year, the company’s total sales of photovoltaic silicon tablets continued to grow, g12 silicons were larger in scale, and product markets increased in size.
At the end of June 2021, the capacity of companies to produce semiconductor photovoltaic materials rose by more than 55 per cent to 70gw compared to the end of 2020, with the same scale increasing by 110 per cent. In the first half of 2021, the market penetration rate for g12 silicon tablets rose from 6 per cent to 15 per cent in the first half of the year.
The Division's market share of g12 silicon is over 90%, and the total monocrystal capacity has risen to 70gw (of which g12 is about 56% and 16 percentage points higher than at the end of 2020). 50gw (g12), a single crystallized silicon material intelligence plant (Ninxia Mid-Wa Round Six), is the largest single-body solar class in the industry.
The crystalline silicon investment project, which began construction on 18 March 2021, is expected to be operational by the end of 2021 and will be fully operational in 2023. The project will create an industrial wisdom plant of 4.0 and will continue to upgrade the supply capacity of the company g12 monosilic silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
In the semiconductor PV industry, there will be a sustained lead. In the company's semiconductor material business, there will be a rapid increase in the size of the production capacity, an improvement in the product structure, and a 65.8% increase in the same scale as in the same year.
Construction of factories, acceleration of the implementation of the Jiangsu Yi Heng II project, rapid expansion of production capacity, expected to achieve the target of 8.7 million pieces of monthly production capacity and 12.17 million pieces by the end of 2021.
The company signed a long-term strategic cooperation agreement, and in the future, as the process capacity and crop rate continued to increase, the rating system's “market index” was referred to by 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.