Events in information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment: companies publish their semi-annual performance report for 2021. During the reporting period, companies achieved business income, silicon production capacity expanded rapidly and product costs decreased to improve Māori levels.
Within, the company's 210 products have been scaled up and the product structure has been transformed smoothly. The company's semiconductor light-voltaic material production capacity has risen by more than 55% to 70gw compared to late 2020, with a 110% increase in the same scale of sales. The largest single-body solar-scale single-silicon investment project in industry — 50gw (g12) — is too much.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Single crystalline silicon material intelligence plant (Ningxia Mid-Ring Six Project) in March 2021
Construction began on the 18th day and is expected to start by the end of 2021 and to reach all production in 2023. As a result of a series of technological advances, the consumption of silicon per unit of product dropped by almost 2% in the first half of the year compared to the previous year, and the silicon a product increased significantly, improving the level of Maori per unit of product.
The rapid rise in the price of materials and the firm’s ability to secure a higher volume of production through a well-established long-term supply chain partnership, in addition to the effective control by the company of the size of the stock, the reduction of future holdings of 4.0 smart plants, and a significant increase in production efficiency.
The diamond-line cutting super thin silicon smart factory project in the Tianjin and Naymon regions has been well developed, based on automated, standardized, informative, digital, intelligent production patterns, based on industrial 4.0 and intelligent manufacturing advantages, labour productivity and g12 production lines have been significantly raised.
The strategy is to accelerate the pace of planning for g12 capacity-building and build a sustained lead advantage in the semiconductor photovoltaic materials industry. During the reporting period, companies continued to innovate in technology around theoretical upgrading of equipment, product quality upgrading and reduced costs, through a range of proprietary technologies of autonomous intellectual property rights.
The application of know-how, as well as the application and upgrading of industry at 4.0 per cent, which accelerates the process of production, achieves per capita labour productivity, consistent product quality improvements, efficient consumption of raw materials, and sustained reductions in plant operating costs, making a significant contribution to operational performance.
During the reporting period, firms were able to increase their output rapidly, their product structure optimized by 65.8 per cent on the same scale, and they became fully product-dimensional, home-grown and home-grown manufacturers of silicon polish and extension tablets.
In terms of construction, the 8-12 inch large silicon project is in the final stages of acceptance, project two is in progress, and the semi-annual evaluation of the Central Ring Shares (002129) - a two-wing run-off performance that achieves the target of 8.7 million pieces of monthly production capacity and 12.17 million pieces at the end of the year.
Investment proposals: The company ' s deep-farming photovoltaic and semiconductor silicon industries, leading by the photovolatile monocrysil tablets, are expected to increase the penetration rate of 210 products and have great potential for performance growth.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report