In the semiconductor industry, the company's commitment to semiconductor energy conservation and new energy industries is a combination of scientific research, production, operation and creation.
At the end of the reporting period, the company's single crystal production capacity rose from 55gw to 70gw at the end of 2020, and the listed company had a unique semiconductor material-energy-efficient g12 output ratio from 40% to 56%.
Semiconductor devices and new energy materials - high-efficiency photovoltaic power station double-links (from the company network of officials) were raised to 15% at the beginning of the year as the manufacturer of g12 silicon tablets, the company in the first half of the year at g12 silicon tablets.
q1 companies sell 13.2gw of silicon tablets, depending on the company's capacity, and we expect about 14gw of q2 silicon tablets, with a modest increase in silicon.
Under this, the net profit from the company's non-repatriation was raised from 519 million yuan to 784 million yuan in q2. We believe that the main reasons are the following: (1) g12 large silicone tablets are profitable and the ratio of the company's g12 large silicon tablets to the previous reporting period has increased: (2) industrial 4.0 production methods have been advanced.
Production efficiency, cost reduction: 3) Through a series of technological advances, the consumption of silicon per unit of product decreased by almost 2% in the first half of the year compared to the previous year, the consumption of silicon a product increased significantly, and the level of Maori per unit of product improved considerably. Semiconductor operations proceeded well and production capacity continued to expand. During the reporting period, companies increased their orders by 8 inches and below.
The expansion of silicon producers has been slower than in the country, with companies entering into long-term supply agreements (lta) with a number of international customers. The company now has a monthly production capacity of 8.6 million and 12.7 million; it is expected to achieve the target of 8.7 million and 12.17 million by the end of 2021.
We believe that carbon neutralization and the decline in photovoltaic power consumption costs are expected to contribute to the continued growth of photovoltaic demand, with companies acting as head companies in the silicon sector, and the first-ever launch of the g12 silicon sector meeting the demand for the industry’s downscaling effect, with the expectation that the sector will grow in the long term and receive a partial excess gain.
From the source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, from the source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, from the master ' s degree in economics of the People ' s University of China, from the Beijing University of Science and Technology, from the baccalaureate in materials science and engineering, joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2019.
Research in electrical equipment and new energy industries, mainly in the direction of the new energy automobile industry chain.
Merchant Securities, Huathai Securities, and Huathai Associated Securities, abb. Lead team in the preparation of the 2016, 2017 and 2018-2019 editions of the China Battery Industry Yearbook; invited as guest speaker for the 2018 Swedish Green Transport Congress.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.