Chinese certificate, huayuansecurities, 25/04/04/2024.
It's the biggest company in China, China's biggest listed power company. It's the biggest listed company in China, and it's the biggest one in the country.
Liu Xiaoning Public Power Company, which, as of the end of December 2023, installed a total of 136 million kilowatts (kW) in controlled shares, of which 93.28 million kW were coal and 40 million kW in 2021 were new energy loaders proposed by the company for the “145” period. According to the company's operating data, as of 2023
At the end of December, the company ' s new energy loadings reached 28,61 million kilowatts, and its new energy loadings were close to 6 million kilowatts in the second half of 2023 and nearly 9 million kilowatts in the year as a whole.In terms of geographical distribution, the company ' s electricity plants are located in 26 provincial regions of the country, reflecting mainly supply and demand patterns and surpluses in the eastern coastal provinces.
In 2023, the company ' s largest distribution of coal power was Shandong, with 20.25 per cent of coal electricity generated in 2023, Liu Xiaoning ' s photovoltaic operations basically achieved a national layout, but the north China region accounted for a higher share than the north China, especially the provinces with the largest share of wind power generation.
Su, followed by Gilin, Henan, with Shandong, the province with the largest share of photovoltaic power generation, followed by Hebei, Shanxi, Jiangxi, etc. From an investment point of view, coal panels always have two main cabling lines, and companies, as the largest coal power company in the national layout, have suffered from high coal prices since the second quarter of the year, the performance of major fire power companies has been repaired, and the company ' s elasticity is at the forefront of comparable companies.
Ping, in the first three quarters of 2023, the net return to the mother was $12,564 million (3,942 million in the same period in the previous year). In 2023, the company realized the net return to the mother was $8,446 million, with the loss of four quarters mainly related to the loss of impairment of assets.
In the medium term, the regional supply and demand pattern remains the most central determinant of the investment value of coal panels, with overall power supply and demand strains in the departments where the company’s fleet is located, and high aircraft parameters, which allow the supply and demand pattern to evolve further. But, in the long run, we analyse the greater opportunity for companies to change the location of fire power, and for capacity prices to change the business model of coal power.
However, with the low-carbon transformation of the national power structure, the number of hours used by coal will be in the long run, with traditional business models dominated by the difference in the price of fire. We analyse the future positioning of coal power to meet the peak load of electricity rather than power support.
In November 2023, the National Energy Agency issued a communication on the implementation of a capacity-price policy, which will need to be further strengthened. In November 2023, the National Energy Agency issued a circular on the establishment of a coal-capacity-price mechanism, declaring the long-awaited coal-power-price regime officially in place.
According to the annual compensation rate of $100 million, about 100 million dry tiles of fire power are charged to 10 billion yuan per year. While the current level of compensation is still the fundamental factor in determining the profits of coal companies, the policy guidelines continue to increase the compensation rate after 2026, helping to shift coal positioning. The weakening of cyclical attributes is expected to reduce the discount rate of future cash flows and raise the valuation level.
The \triangleright company, which is expected to benefit from the sounding of the coal power system for the first time, gives an “uptake” rating. As the world’s largest fire power listing company, the depth is expected to benefit from the smoothing of the coal power mechanism for the first time, gives an “uptake” for the first time.
From an investment point of view, coal panels always have two main cabling lines, and the company, as a national distribution company, is more affected by the industry as a whole. At this point, the focus of market games has shifted again to coal prices, as a large number of provinces have agreed on electricity prices for 2024. But in the long run, we analyse the company’s larger machinery.
A company, as the world’s largest publicly traded company, is expected to benefit in depth from the smoothing of coal power mechanisms. Coal prices are rising; and electricity prices are adjusted.
China’s largest listed company, China’s largest listed company, China’s flagship company, China’s largest listed company, China’s flagship company, China’s largest listed company, China’s flagship company, China’s largest listed company, China’s largest listed company, China’s first listed company, New York, Hong Kong and Shanghai.
By the end of December 2023, the company was carrying a total of 136 million kilowatts (kW), of which 93.28 million kilowatts of coal, 13.23 million kilowatts of gas, 15.51 million kilowatts of wind, and 13.1 million kilowatts of light. The scale of both conventional fire power and new energy sources was in the first line of the industry. In 2021, the company proposed 40 million kilowatts of new energy during the "145" period, according to the company's experience.
During the second half of the year, the new energy loadings were close to 6 million kW, and the annual production was close to 9 million kW. In terms of geographical distribution, the company ' s electricity plants were distributed throughout the country ' s 26 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities.
The company ' s coal machines mainly reflect supply and demand patterns and profitability in the eastern coastal provinces. The company ' s largest distribution of coal power, based on data from 2023, reached 20.25% in 2023, 8.46% in Jiangsu, 8.13%, 7.29% and 6.8% respectively in Guangdong, and more than 50% in the top five provinces.
In 2023, the share of gas generated by companies in Beijing, Jiangsu, and Guangdong was 27.08%, 19.17%, and 13.71%, respectively, with a concentration of 60%.
Figure 2: Geographical distribution of coal power generation by company in 2023 Figure 3: Geographical distribution of natural gas generation by company in 2023
The company’s wind and light-voltage operations have basically achieved a national layout, but the north of China has a relatively higher share than the north of the country, particularly Jiangsu, the province with the largest share of wind power generation, followed by Jilin, Henan, and the traditional “tri-north” region with a limited share. The north-south is the province with the largest share of light-volt power, followed by Hebei, Shanxi, Jiangxi, and so on, with the south-north region having a lower share.
As coal prices have continued to rise since 2021, and as a result of restrictions on transmission of electricity-end costs, companies have benefited from lower coal prices and high electricity prices in 2021 and 2022, the company’s coal-fired power profitability has improved on a seasonal basis, contributing consistently to elasticity of performance. With regard to new energy sources, the group strategy has been aligned with company planning, new energy installed is growing rapidly, and new energy sources have become the company’s main source of energy.
By 2025, about 300 million kW were installed, with more than 80 gw installed and more than 50% installed. We analysed that the return on new energy projects was expected to rise as the spot market mechanism was right and the prices of upstream wind machines and components continued to fall.
2. The far-reaching long-term opportunity for capacity prices lies in the shift in the positioning of coal electricity. From an investment point of view, coal plates always have two main cabling lines, and companies, as the largest coal power company in the country, are highly influenced by the industry as a whole. Beta attributes are obvious. The company’s natural size determines the company’s size.
The investment opportunities are dominated by the beta sex opportunities in the fire and electricity industry, where coal prices have been falling since the second quarter of 2023, major fires have been repaired, companies have been able to achieve elasticity among comparable companies and have now returned to their mothers a net profit of $12,564 million in the first three quarters of 2023 (3,942 million in the same period in the previous year).
The net profit of $8.446 billion is mainly related to the loss of about $3 billion in asset impairments over the last four quarters. We analyze the strong demand for electricity and the fall in coal prices in the society as a whole since 2023, mainly as a result of the continuing high growth in our manufacturing sector and the fall in demand in real estate-related industries.
The share of coal in electricity is about 60%; by contrast, the real estate chain, such as steel, cement, glass, often uses primary energy, such as coal, directly, with less impact on electricity demand than coal. Thus, since 2023, the demand for electricity has been strong and the price of coal has been falling, against the backdrop of the continued high growth in our manufacturing sector and the fall in real estate-related industries.
The price of coal-fired electricity has continued to spread widely. Given the pace of investment, the price of electricity in the country is about 80% of the annual price, the annual price of the price of electricity is about 80%, and the price of coal is on the spot, so that coal plates tend to have “coal-gaming prices in the first half of the year, and the price of electricity in the second half of the year.”
At this point, the focus of market games has shifted again to coal prices, as a large number of provinces have already set electricity prices for the year 2024. According to the company’s power generation of 3,758 billion kilowatt-hour coal in 2023, the price of 5,500 kilocalories has fallen by 100 yuan per ton, corresponding to a net profit gain of 8.5 billion yuan for the mother.
In the medium and long term, however, our analysis of regional supply and demand patterns remains the most central factor in determining the value of investment in coal plates, with the overall power supply and demand of the company's fleet in the provinces being strained, with high engine parameters and a further evolution of supply and demand patterns.
In November 2023, the National Energy Agency issued a Circular on the Establishment of a Coal Power Power Price Mechanism, which declares that the long-awaited market-based coal capacity pricing mechanism is officially in place. The document proposes that the price of the capacity is determined by recovering a percentage of the fixed cost and is clearly borne by downstream users.
The rate of recovery of fixed costs has been raised to no less than 50% (150 yuan/kW/year). For companies, the annual compensation rate of 100 yuan/dry tiles corresponds to about 100 million dry tiles of electric power annually. In the context of the construction of new power systems, the introduction of an analysis of capacity prices has marked a coal utility.
At the current level of compensation, electricity prices remain a fundamental determinant of the public profits of the coal electricity service, but the policy guidelines have helped to stabilize coal power performance after 2026.
In the long term, we analyse the company’s greater opportunity to move away from fire and electricity. From the three elements of coal power profits (coal prices, electricity prices, and hours spent), as the power structure of the country moves low-carbon, the power supply of new energy increases, the use of coal will be on the lower end of the road, and the traditional business is dominated by the difference in the price of a fire (connection prices-degree electricity costs).
Models are difficult to sustain. In the traditional business model, coal power, which accounts for a higher proportion of electricity consumption in society as a whole and is equally costly (in comparison with hydropower and nuclear power), is bound to be affected by the triple effects of the economic cycle, the coal price cycle, and even the policy cycle, resulting in the excessive characteristics of the plate cycle and poor investment experience.
We analyse the future positioning of coal power to meet the social peak load rather than the power support that will lead to a profound change in the business model of coal power. The shift in positioning still needs to be supported by policies, and if future fuel costs are better transmitted, capacity prices are the main source of coal revenue, corporate performance stability will be significantly enhanced and cyclical attributes weakened.
It is hoped that the future cash flow of the company will be reduced and the value of the valuation increased. 3. Profit forecasting and valuation would require an additional interest deduction of about $3 billion (estimated) on the company’s long-term debt.
The Division, which is expected to benefit from the soundness of the coal power mechanism, covers it for the first time, and gives an “enhancement” rating. Risk of coal price volatility: the main cost of coal electricity operations is the cost of fuel, there are certain uncertainties in the coal price judgement, and higher coal prices will consume profits;
As a public utility company, the price of electricity is more affected by the policy, and the price of electricity may be adjusted. All points accurately reflect my personal perceptions of the subject matter securities and issuers.