All-out overseas markets, industrial plans for expansion, medical equipment for the Dragon Maire, industrial plans for expansion, Mérry's performance as a leader in the domestic medical industry, by the third quarter of 2020.
China’s vast market for medical equipment is growing at a much faster rate than the global market and at a higher rate. In the broader context of the gradual development of the new infrastructure for medical care, Murray’s health is firmly seized of the core competition.
Great breakthroughs in overseas markets through policy advantages, technological advantages, cost advantages, and the prospect of further acceleration of the import-replacement epidemic, firm prices compared to the 300-per-cent trend
The epidemic has contributed to a rapid increase in the demand for life information and support lines of production, medical supplies such as respirators and monitors, the insufficiency of anti-epidemic equipment, the high demand for new coronary antibodies in emerging national markets, chemical developments, and the remaining top hospitals, which have made a huge breakthrough for high-end clients overseas, and will do so.
Growing business priorities, potential performance growth points, companies are expanding their industrial chains, focusing on hard mirrors, veterinary medical devices, etc.
The company is a leading company in our medical equipment, a conglomerate, and a profit-making capacity, with a “buy-in (first-time)” rating.
1. The history of the development of Méri medical care, which has been under cultivation for more than 30 years since its inception in 1991.
The 30-year course of medical treatment can be divided into five phases, each of which will help to shape the decision-making process into China’s largest, global leading provider of medical devices and solutions. Phase I: Murray Electronics. June 1991: Shenzhen Murray Electronics Ltd. was established and registered.
After four equity changes between April 1994 and April 2000, Cayman Murray held 100% of Merrill's e-equity, and Merri's e-commerce changed to a foreign business. In January 2008, Murray wrote off.
Shenzhen Ltd. was established in Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province, with a registered capital of $2 million. In December 2001, Murray initiated a limited initiative to convert 86,000,000 of the audited net assets of Murray as at 31 July 2001 of 86,265,839.55 dollars into 86,000,000 shares of Mari Medical Care (with each unit worth the people).
The difference of $265,839.55 is accounted for in the capital pool, and the Merri total has been changed to Shenzhen Murray Biomedical Electronics, Inc. Phase III: Establishment and dismantling of Méri's off-shore listing structure.
The global branding influence of large companies and the mobilization of financial resources for further expansion of production and development was established in June 2005 and was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in September 2006, when Merrillian indirectly held 99.9998% of the Merrillian stock. In March 2016, Murray International was listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
On July 20, 2016, the Méri medical registration capital was increased from $35 million to $109,409,12.6 million by means of a replenishment. July-December 2016, Hong Kong Investment and Hong Kong Holdings (Méri International fully funded agency)
So, Méri International no longer directly or indirectly controls Méri's medical care, and Méri's medical off-shore listing has been dismantled. Phase IV: Mérry's medical assets have been reorganized. To smooth the equity relationship, the business chain is intact and integrated effectively.
Development of related business, completion of the establishment of a listed structure within the company, and Méri Medical Care and its wholly-owned subsidiary Hong Kong worldwide acquired 100% of Méri Global (Méri International) equity in 2016, as well as 100% of other subsidiaries associated with the Méri Global, the Hong Kong Port Investment and Hong Kong Holdings Medical Devices.
International, Hong Kong Investment and Hong Kong Holdings remain directly or indirectly in the Merrillian Medical Sector, in order to avoid cross-share ownership, lack of clarity in the equity structure, and the indirect responsibility of Murray for the $2.05 billion equivalent of privatized offshore lending operations.
Assets and liabilities are acquired through asset acquisitions rather than equity transfers.
Global marketing systems, post-sale quality improvements, and Murray's health has been increasing its branding influence, making it the largest leading company in the country in terms of products and operations in the field of medical equipment. With years of overseas operations, Murray's medical treatment, as a leader in China's medical equipment industry, is moving towards global markets.
According to the Network of Company Officials, which synthesizes data on qmed, s&pcapitaliq, factset, xe.com, Murray is ranked 42nd in the global list of medical equipment providers in 2019.
The stock structure of the company is clear and stable, and Lixitine and Xu Air are co-controlled by the company, with no significant changes in stock holdings since the date of their listing. Li Sitin, as a limited partner, holds a share of wise advice, wise management consulting, and
Queetwell indirectly holds the share of the smartcodevelopmentlicited; Xu Air, as a limited group, holds the share of the wise consulting, wise management consulting and, indirectly, the share of the magnifice (hk)limited through Magnificent.
There are currently 17 subsidiaries in the country, more than 30 in the autonomous regions of the provinces and municipalities, and 39 in more than 30 countries and territories abroad, with products covering more than 190 countries and territories.
The Division ' s overall roll-out with its subsidiaries has improved product and information connectivity, and has provided a good basis for the next phase of Méri ' s medical care to further consolidate the domestic market and expand the offshore market. 1.3 The core management industry is experienced.
Murray has a well-established core management team with a reasonable staff structure, a large number of people at various duty stations in Murray, who have had an average of more than 10 years of experience, with their own insight into companies and industry development. From the early days of entrepreneurship to the growth of MacRey, they have been steadfast in looking at each development contract when China’s medical equipment industry began to grow.
The machine has been courageous in making changes and innovations, keeping pace with the times, negotiating decisions on every key behind Murray's rapid development, getting on the ground, pushing Murray's health forward on a step-by-step basis, and will continue to lead the company towards the world's top 20 medical equipment companies.
Over the past five years, with the growing share of the international market in Murray’s health care, the company’s business income, the return to the mother, the return to the mother’s net profit, amounting to $5.363 billion, has exceeded the annual return to the mother’s net profit for the last three quarters of 2019. In terms of the Māori ratio, the price trend for medical appliances has been declining in the long run, so the Māori rate has been reduced.
It is normal to maintain relative stability and nuanced fluctuations. Before 2018, the company’s gross profit rate continued to rise as a result of the devaluation of the renminbi and the introduction of new high-end products, a change in the product’s income structure. The small decline in gross profits in 2018 and 2019 was caused by North American tariffs and exchange rate fluctuations between the renminbi and the United States dollar and the euro.
The three-quarter increase in the Māori rate was due mainly to stable product prices, combined with increased sales of high-value Māori products such as high-end custodians, respirators, and a three-quarter reagent recovery, which contributed significantly to the increase in Māori rates.
Figure 5 Mary's net return profit and speed of increase
As the leading bio-medical electronics company in the country's medical equipment industry, Murray has high-end product technology development, quality management capabilities and strong marketing systems that promote both implicit and extenuating development strategies, deep-ploughing niches while expanding the distribution of industrial chains and active use of product lines.
At present, the company has three main production lines: Life Information and Support, In vitro Diagnosis, and Medical Images. 1.5.1 Life Information and Support Production Lines. Life Information and Support Lines are a powerful product line for Murray's medical care and are growing rapidly.
First aid solutions, round-up solutions, critical condition solutions, and life-support products such as monitors, respirators, anaesthesia machines, defibrillators, surgical lights, chandelier hangbridges, operating beds, fluid pumps/injection pumps.
Building on high value for money and excellent product quality and functionality, some of the products of the life information and support production line are gradually being replaced by imports. Life information and support line operating revenues account for the largest share of corporate revenue, as compared to 2019.
38.30 per cent of the population affected by the epidemic is expected to rise this year, with business income showing a trend of first-year growth. Māori, according to the network of corporate officials, is ranked third in the world in terms of the size of the custodian market, which has been successful in the Chinese city.
First, import substitution has been achieved. The market for anaesthetic machines is ranked third globally and nationally, and is still progressing, with import substitution moving gradually.
The company has low-end vitalsign series, mec series, middle-end epm, ipm series, company-owned high-end markets, and a series of benevisionn products to meet client diversification.
At the domestic market for anaesthesia machines, Delg, ge, and Murray have a share of the top three, and import substitution is continuing. At the upper-middle-end market, Murray has a wato series of anaesthesia stations that meet the needs of ordinary users for diversification of the functions of anaesthetic machines.
The a7 station is a series of flagship products, which are star products in high-end anesthesia machines around the world, using full-touch, non-menu user interfaces, gas blending techniques, and air mode comparable to those of the respirator. On the tremor watch market, Murray's medical care is nearing completion of import substitution.
D series of tremors, favored by clients. The series of beneheartd6 and beneheartd3 products, using two-way tremors, significantly reduces the flow of electricity through the heart, effectively reduces damage to the tissue of the heart during tremors.
Aed market, where Philips, Draper Medicine, Photovoltaics, etc., have traditionally occupied a larger share of the market, and as the country's awareness of first aid has increased, the country's medical equipment industry has begun to plant aed product lines and rob them.
Aged markets. Early in 2009, the first fully autonomous Chinese medical layout was launched, and the two-phased intellectual property rights product, beneheartd1, is now a series of products that create their own unique advantages. In addition, the product plates of countries with a long-sought focus on aed products, which is the main competition in the Aed market.
In the respirator market, foreign brands such as Del G, McCord, and Philips dominate. Murray, a leading domestic medical equipment company, is running straight on the respirator track, with major models such as sv300, sv600/800, and the synovente series.
During the epidemic, the company urgently expanded its capacity to export a large number of respirators to highly affected areas of the country, as well as to overseas epidemics, with a further increase in the market share.
In vitro diagnosis is the fastest-growing area of disaggregation from the global medical equipment industry. The global in vitro diagnosis market, the domestic in vitro diagnosis industry, has great potential, and is one of the areas in which Miri’s medical care is investing. Currently, the main products of Méri’s medical in vitro diagnostic production are blood cell detection systems, chemical luminum immunization.
The detection system, the detection system for biochemical and chemical analysis, the cavity detection system, the urine detection system, the sugar-meled haemoglobin analyser, the fluid cytometer, the microbiological diagnostic system and its related reagents have been increasing in recent years, accounting for 35.12 per cent of the company ' s total revenue in 2019.
The small decline in interest rates in 2018 and 2019 was mainly due to the company’s proactive concessions on equipment prices in order to further increase the number of instruments installed and to expand the market rate. The decline in prices has led to a slight decline in the Māori rate.
According to the company network, the blood cell analyser is ranked third in the global market. China has achieved its second market share. Seven of Shanghai’s top 10 medical institutions are using Murray’s medical high-end tests.
In the blood analyser market, the company has introduced three-point blood cell analysers, five-segregated whole automatic blood cells, liquid cell analysers, and customers can form different blood analysis fluids as needed to further improve the processing efficiency of the samples.
The U.S. national instrument labs, Heisen Meikang, and Stagore, France, have three major brands in the market for full autoculating blood analysers. Murray's medical care is a national condenser brand, based on the company's blood analysis.
Bioanalyzer markets are heavily branded as Bakerman, Japan, Rhodes, and high-market countries like Murray, Diri, and so on. On bioanalyzer products, companies have introduced a series of bs full-automatic biochemistry analyses.
The high-speed biochemical analyser bs-2000m in the modularised detection system can be expanded to sal 9000 bio-immunological flow lines with the high-speed chemical luminal analyser cl-60000i, significantly increasing the capacity of the company biochemical analyser, and the market share is expanding.
Chemical light is currently the fastest growing sub-area of the immune diagnostic track, with the chemical light now dominated by imports, which remain low in the national market, and a wide range of alternatives to imports. The country’s chemical light is growing at a very rapid pace as various medical devices, such as the Murray, Anto, and New Production industries, continue to operate in the field of chemical light.
There is a continuous overlap in the chemical lumination detection system ' s cl series, with the introduction of a high-speed, fully automated, chemical luminous immune system, cl-6000i, with a single-organic detection rate of up to 480t/h, which can be associated with biochemical levels as a bio-immun water stream, or with two-module cascades that can form cl-6000im2 at a speed of up to 960t/h, with a rich application scenario.
1.5.3 Medical video lines. Medical video lines are another powerful industry in Murray. Currently, the company has achieved a powerful technological breakthrough in desktop colouring, portable colouring, black and white ultrasound, digital x-ray imaging systems.
In 2019, the medical video production line received 24.40% of the company’s total, production line revenues rose year by year, and interest rates continued to rise until 2018. As a result of the larger share of ultrasound in US exports, the increase in North America’s tariffs was the main cause of the decline in the Māori rate in 2019.
Figure 23 Māori rate of medical video production Chart 22 Medical video production business income and speed increase Corporate ultrasound product market size has achieved the world's fifth, US Poc market's third, domestic market share
Third, in the high-end superb, companies have introduced resona7, resona 8, breaking the monopoly of importing brands in the high-end supermarket, yet the country is still empty in the super-high-end supermarket. With high-end super-technology accumulation, companies will expand their market share further in the super-high-end supermarket.
2.1 The global market for medical devices is over $400 billion, with half of the medical equipment.
The global market for medical devices is vast and is now in a steady growth phase. Based on the long-term accumulation of technological achievements in such basic disciplines as optical, electronic, materials, biotechnology, medicine, etc., the global medical equipment industry has developed at an early stage and is concentrated in developed countries, such as the US and Europe and Japan, with generally low levels of medical equipment in other countries.
For the largest developing countries, the industry is growing faster and faster, although it is late. In 2018, the global market for medical devices was $448.2 billion. On average, the market for medical equipment, high-value medical consumables, low-value medical consumables, etc.
The largest market for medical equipment, at $22.5 billion, accounted for almost half of the total medical equipment industry, accounting for 49.2 per cent, followed by a large group of high-value medical consumables, with a market size of $97.7 billion, accounting for 21.8 per cent of low-value medical supplies, and a market size of $71.7 billion, accounting for 16 per cent.
The smallest in vitro diagnostics sector has a market size of $58.3 billion, the share of which is the global market share of medical devices in figure 28 and the global market size of medical devices in figure 27 (millions of United States dollars).
The technologies in the medical equipment sub-sector are more mature and stable. High-value medical consumables, low-value medical consumables are developed and accumulated over a long period of time, and the market share is relatively large. The in vitro diagnostics sector, which, owing to its late development, now accounts for the smallest share of the market, is growing rapidly and growing faster.
The demand for new coronary virus testing as a result of the outbreak of the first new coronary pneumonia virus surged, and the in vitro diagnostic technology played a significant role in the new coronary testing, prompting the emergence of many companies involved in in vitro diagnosis, leading to the opening of an in vitro diagnostic track by the major medical equipment departments, and the rapid development of the in vitro diagnostic industry, which is expected to have a market share in the future.
At present, the world's recognized leading companies in the field of medical devices are: Medtronic, United States, Yabott, United States, Summerfield, United States, Fresenius, Germany, bd (Becton, Dickinsonand Company, United States), Stryker.
United States), Boston Science (bostonscientific, United States), Johnson (johnson&johnson, United States), Rowe (roche, Switzerland), Brady Medical (United States), General Electrical Ge (generalelectric, United States), Philips (Netherlands), Siemens (Germany), Sysmex.
2.2 China’s market for medical equipment is growing at a higher rate, and there are prospects for import substitution. Our medical equipment industry is in the process of closing the gap in the twenty-first century, with smaller shares in the global market, both in volume and in markets, than in other countries such as Europe and America.
Since then, with the country’s health-care conditions increasing and life expectancy increasing, the trend towards population ageing has been marked by a rapid increase in the demand for medical treatment. At the same time, in the context of China’s rapid economic growth, the per capita disposable income of our residents has been increasing, and the per capita health costs have been rising year by year.
The sudden rise in the disease in early 2020 has increased national and public attention to the medical and medical equipment sector. The rapid onset of the outbreak has created a huge demand that has greatly contributed to the development of the medical equipment industry as a whole in 2020.
In general, the medical equipment industry is booming, and the market is growing steadily. In 2014-2019, the country’s medical equipment market grew steadily, reaching nearly 400 billion speeds in five years, and is expected to gradually narrow the gap between the country’s future and the global medical equipment market.
We still have a big gap in the size of the global market, and our medical equipment industry must move from running and running to leading by increasing the competitiveness and branding of our products by increasing the ability to develop cash technology and innovation in the size of corporate governance.
The ratio of domestic medical equipment to sub-sectors is roughly similar to that of the global market. In 2019, the share of medical equipment to sub-sectors was more than half, at 56.79%; followed by high-value medical consumables, at 19.78%; followed by low-value medical supplies, at 12.14%; the share of external consultations was the smallest.
We still have a low rate of domestic production of medical equipment. Developed countries such as Europe and America Day have strong basic disciplines, experience in industrial development of basic research, and have accumulated advanced technological experience in the field of medical equipment.
In 2018, China’s market for medical equipment showed that, in addition to the fact that it has been largely imported, the country’s national production rate is currently low, especially at the higher end of the market.
Portfolios dominate and import substitute markets are vast.3 Having a core competitive advantage, the industry is well positioned to protect the city's rivers, with 3.1 excellence in systemic R & D innovation, and investment in R & D is high-level peer
As one of the country's strategic high-technology industries, the technological innovation industry directly determines the performance and quality of products and directly reflects a country's scientific and technological innovation. Innovation is the gene of Murray, which is the leading company in China's medical equipment industry, focusing on the accumulation of innovations in research and development and technology, notes.
The mastery of core technology further improves the quality of products through continuous improvement of R & D capabilities, and keeps up with technology to the level of a leader abroad. Corporations focus on R & D inputs, which are much higher than those of other medical equipment enterprises in the country, 2019
At $1.649 billion, the average R&D expenditure over the last five years amounted to $1.25 billion, representing an average of about 11 per cent of operating income.
In order to ensure the autonomous independence of key technologies, the company has adopted an autonomous R & D model, established a global resource-based R & D innovation platform, rapidly transforming R & D results, set up eight major R & D centres in Shenzhen, Nanjing, Beijing, Xian, Chengdu, Silicon Valley, New Jersey, and Seattle, USA, and the ninth in Wuhan.
The company has nearly 2,500+ R & D engineers, 60% of whom have a master's degree and go to school through the development of a medical product innovation system (mpi), from product design, business and product development production process planning to product development process technology research, overall quality management, product platform
The implementation of the e-platform system for building and managing product life cycles (plm) has ensured a smooth advance in the innovation research and development process. After a long build-up, the company’s advantages in innovation research and development have been highlighted. By the end of June 2020, Mae Rie had applied for 5714 patents, authorized 2939, and the number of patents was among the top in China’s medical equipment industry.
3.2 The global deep-covered professional marketing system, with a forward-looking policy vision, represents the brand image of the company as the last entry point for direct contact with clients. On 30 June of that year, the company had nearly 3,300 marketing staff.
Companies; while absorbing advanced and innovative technologies through global M&As, they are expanding their well-established marketing channels abroad, with companies now owning more than 40 subsidiaries in more than 30 countries abroad.
From the marketing model, Murray has developed different marketing models, taking into account the characteristics and realities of the marketing system in different countries and regions.
In the United States, a direct marketing model, co-existing in Europe, and in other countries and regions, a market-based, direct sales-based model that allows Murray to quickly access the marketing channels of the local distribution networks with the experience and capacity of the distributors when entering a new country or region.
The challenge of marketing channels is to save businesses the human and material resources that they spend on marketing, enabling them to devote more energy and technology development and major strategy development to the marketing model that is commonly used in the medical equipment industry. According to the new medical reform policy, the introduction of a “two-vote” system in the procurement of medicines in public health-care institutions, i.e., drugs from manufacturing companies, is one of the most common marketing models in the medical equipment industry.
The introduction of the two-vote system imposes high standards and strict requirements on medical equipment companies and related distributors. Under the two-vote system, distributors are essential to the marketing process from company to hospital, with a wealth of channels and experience.
Large distributors with good reputations benefit, and small and medium-sized distributors will be gradually reduced or even eliminated from the market if they do not increase their capabilities quickly. Therefore, hospitals and related medical institutions are more likely to opt for companies with a large, certified distribution team to purchase equipment.
The major impact of the industry was two or three years ahead of schedule, with regular training and mentoring of long-term cooperative dealers to help them do their job well, and a combination of a variety of powerful distributors with rich experience in the marketing of medical appliances and after-sales services, with a view to increasing the combined strength of the distributors' teams for the company.
Market promotion under a two-barrel system provides a solid foundation for a pre-emptive advantage. 3.3 A full-time after-sales service system, with many years of industry satisfaction.
Hospital A, which supports more than 1,500 hospitals through hospital grade reviews, nearly half of which are tri-A hospitals. In foreign markets, more than 190 countries and territories sell Miri medical products, entering more than two-thirds of the U.S. hospitals, top 20 U.S. hospitals are all using Méri products, and Méri products are widely used in the world’s top hospitals.
While continuing to deliver high-quality products to clients, Murray actively listens to their clients, learns about their needs, solves their problems in the use of their products, and through a full-scale, full-time, process-wide after-sales service system.
In China, Murray has built a four-tier service structure, which solves problems encountered by clients whenever and wherever they come through a 7x24-hour customer call centre service. With post-sale service staffing, the Department has more than 600 direct engineers and specialized service subcontractors certified by the original plant for training and certification.
The service team, which provides accurate guidance to clients, prevention of active and effective equipment problems, from passive overhaul to proactive prevention, and overall improvement in the useful life of the equipment, has won the unanimous appreciation of the client. According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association's 2019 survey on "Satisfaction with Post-Sale of Medical Equipment" , there are three major companies.
Line-line products, including guardianship, anesthesia, testing, respiratory, lighthouses, ultrasound equipment, were given “after-sale service satisfaction first”, and guardianship services were given “supervised post-sale services first” for 10 years in a row. 3.4 Main battalion operations are priced at a stable price, with minor procurement implications
Quantity procurement is the quantity of medicines or instruments that are required to be disclosed in a tender announcement, which is submitted by the manufacturing enterprise, which ultimately determines the price. Previously, the bulk purchases that have been implemented were for drugs, and on 11 November of this year, the National Drug Control Board issued a report on the quality of the coronary silos selected in the context of the strengthening of national centralized procurement.
The Notice of Regulation means that the purchase of quantities begins to enter the field of medical equipment. The purchase of quantities, the price of quantities, the price of quantities, the price of quantities, and the price of the resulting centralized purchase of medicines or instruments will be significantly reduced, with the possibility that the winning company’s Māori rate may decline, or even fail to achieve profitability.
This is an important marketing channel for public health institutions, and single-product companies may even bear the pressure that losing companies cannot continue to operate because of the loss of bids. This has had a significant impact on the domestic medical equipment industry. And buying and buying is not expected to have a negative impact on Murray's health in the next three to five years.
There are three main reasons for this: first, the majority of Murray's medical products are high-end, many of them go to higher-level hospitals such as level II and III hospitals, and the higher the level of hospitals, the less sensitive they are to the price of medical equipment.
Many medical equipment is still imported. Once purchased, it means full import substitution, while complete import substitution within a short period of time remains unrealistic. At the end of the hospital, hospitals prefer high-quality products that meet clinical requirements, rather than equipment that is low-cost but does not meet clinical requirements.
The purchase of equipment is a cost item rather than a profit item at the end of the hospital. Therefore, the hospital itself controls the cost, and there is little need for State-imposed controls. Third, Murray's main operations are in the medical equipment subsector.
In the case of centralized purchases, the departments concerned would need to customize the different large medical equipments, and the workload would be so great that it would take at least three to five years to complete the custom work.
Short-term purchases of medical equipment cannot be made. As noted above, within three to five years, Méri’s medical care is less likely to be negatively affected by such purchases, and the main product will be at a relatively stable price in accordance with the company’s development plan.
3.5 The policy technology is both good and good, and the advantages of import substitution are expanding. Currently, the nationalization of medical equipment in the country is low, and high-end products continue to dominate the market. In recent years, however, as the country ' s medical equipment industry continues to grow, the relevant research and development and production technologies and imports have been developed.
In the future, a large alternative market for imports will be a necessity for domestic medical companies. Successful import substitution will have to take advantage of both technology and cost.
3.5.1 The policy advantage is that the State encourages the import of medical equipment for substitution. At the policy level, the State has increased its support for the medical equipment industry, encouraging innovative research and development of medical equipment, continuously increasing the market share of medical equipment such as medical diagnostic equipment produced in public health institutions and encouraging import substitution.
3.5.2 Technology advantages, multi-year technological accumulation and innovation R & D. At the technical level, companies have 30 years of accumulation of innovative R & D capabilities and have achieved a national lead in product quality performance.
Inhaler products competed: China’s first fully automated detection module, m6000; innovation integrated biochemistry, immunisation, blood, blood coagulation, four major autonomous detection systems: the first national product terminal, with more than 1.5 million high-end colours, breaking the monopoly of imported brands in high-end ultrasound, and so on. The emergence of these innovative research and development products has been demonstrated.
As a powerful technological R & D capability for domestic medical equipment, some products have approached, achieved, or even exceeded, the performance of imported products. So technically, the technological advantages of M & M import substitution are significant. 3.5.3 cost advantages and scale effects are gradually emerging.
As the company’s product lines and production expands, the marginal cost of the product falls, the scale effects gradually develop, and the cost advantages are gradually emerging, and the strong synergies created by the entire industry’s chain layout will further reduce the cost of the product.
Drgs (disease-related classification) refers to the payment of fees for patients with better standards of treatment and admission to hospitals and more sophisticated diagnostic techniques, which helps guide the process.
Appropriate technology is used to save medical costs. The hospital’s profit is a cost item, and when equipment and reagents are purchased, the hospital will give preference to higher-priced products with quality assurance, while imported products will be vulnerable to competition without the incentive to lower prices to adjust to competition.
Higher, if the sale of lower prices could lead to a significant decrease in the Māori rate; lower prices for second-import products, which are high-end brands, for the purpose of competing for market shares, could lead to a loss of clarity in their location, which in the long run would not be conducive to brand development. And, with Murray’s high-quality and superior performance, the cost advantage of the product is high, Ben.
At the same time, there is a high degree of synergy between the products of Méri ' s medical care, and from the point of view of cross-disciplinary and cross-sectional co-ordination, Méri ' s medical care can provide effective solutions for different application scenarios, in the same way that Drgs ' multidisciplinary multi-sections work together to improve the quality of medical services.
In summary, the cost advantage of economies of scale has made it possible to obtain a larger market share for Méri’s health care, under the drigs policy, and to achieve further import substitution. With a combination of high-quality product technologies and cost advantages, Méri’s medical care has created a significant import substitution advantage.
In the next five years, blood cells will gradually be replaced by imports; at the same time, other products in the line of custody are moving towards import replacements, and some of them are now very close to the target of the domestic market’s share. Ultrasound and glowing alternatives to imports are large, and this is a powerful business that companies are now struggling to develop.
In modern clinical medicine, the respirator has been used as an effective means of artificially replacing the autonomous air conditioning function.
Respirator valves are opened when the patient's internal lung pressure reaches a certain value, and the patient's chest profile is opened.
Respiratory products are one of the main products of company life information and support lines, and after years of technological deposition and innovation in research and development, domestic respiratory units have been significantly upgraded in terms of technology and quality performance, and gradually reduced and imported.
According to data compiled by the Chinese Industrial Research Institute, the market share of Méri's medical respirator reached 13.61% in 2019, and is second in rank. With the new crown outbreak in 2020, the demand for the respirator rose sharply, and the demand for the respirator rose.
More than $1 billion, with income from respiratory products reaching more than $1.7 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, rising to 10-20% of the line of custody, with a significant increase in income. According to the World Health Organization (WHO) network of officials, about one in six patients is suffering from respiratory problems and needs.
In principle, every person with a severe respiratory condition needs to have a respirator. Before the new coronary, the respirator is provided mainly to areas of concentrated internal disease, after the domestic outbreak has stabilized, the air crisis has erupted overseas, the respirator has been supplied mainly to foreign markets to meet the need for a respirator for an outbreak abroad.
The region is already in the second wave of the epidemic, and the number of new diagnostics per day remains high, and the respirator's overseas market is still high. In competition for different types of respirators, both inside and outside the country, Murray's respirator has gained the approval of the government and specialized medical institutions, thanks to a variety of scenarios and full-scale applications.
Insorts match clinical needs, ranging from oxygen treatment at the moment of the patient's mildness to the need for non-inflammated breathing, and finally, if there is a need for an incubation tube, a device can meet the needs of a full-flow medical bed. The cost of operating a hospital is effectively saved while professional clinical treatment is achieved to help the doctor to make it easier.
As the only company in the world with such integrated respiratory products, Murray’s breathing products are still on a large order, and its performance has grown strongly. Unlike the market’s home-based respirators, Murray’s medical focus is on the development and development of hospital respirators, which is now available.
The market for hospital respirators has a very limited number of national product plates. Technical barriers are relatively high because of the high reliability, accuracy, safety requirements of medical equipment, and domestic respirators have difficulty in producing products to replace products at short notice in response to specific market demands.
Respiratory products will remain relatively good market exclusive within five years, will be difficult to replicate or replace for a short period of time, and companies will continue to undertake iterative research and development to ensure technology leadership. The new crown epidemic has exposed deficiencies in medical equipment in many countries, and each is expected to stabilize the new crown.
The State will make up for it in the missing places, which is also a definite sign of growth in the follow-up demand for the respirator and in the performance of the company’s life information and support lines.
Chemical lumination analysis combined with chemical luminous techniques and highly heterogeneous immune responses, providing accurate quantitative analysis of micro-active substances in body fluids and providing an important basis for accurate diagnosis of diseases by clinical doctors.
In the vd industry, immunization diagnostics are the largest and market sizes are still growing. Chemical luminous technologies have gradually replaced enzyme co-immunisation as the dominant technique in immunization diagnostics, and are one of the fastest growing areas in the vd industry.
Industry, the plate has been growing faster in recent years. The merry medical field of chemical light started late, with the introduction of the first fully automated chemical luminous disease analysis system,cl-2000i, in 2013 and the high-speed immune analyser,cl-6000i, in 2018, but only two or three years later.
In 2019, there were nearly 2,000 new domestic loadings, nearly 1,000 new international additions, and nearly 2,000 international stocks, with products dominated by low-speed machines. As of 2020, 1600 additional domestic loadings and 650 additional international loadings. Overall, the number of chemical lighting equipment loadings has increased.
At the end of the income spectrum, revenues from chemical light products grew by as much as 70% in 2019. This year, the country experienced a decline due to the effects of the epidemic. The acceleration began in the second quarter, with a 40% increase in chemical light in the third quarter.
Foreign markets have expanded faster as a result of new coronary reagents, which have led to an increase in the number of chemical luminators. Combined with domestic and international developments, the first three quarters have seen an overall 67% increase in chemical luminum, with chemical luminescence lanes showing improvement, and a higher increase is expected in the future.
In 2020, Murray's medical chemical panels grew at a much faster rate than the owner would have had. On the one hand, with the stabilization of the epidemic in the country in March, conventional reagent sales gradually recovered, triggering a double-digit increase in the country, and on the other hand, with the outbreak of the overseas epidemic, the demand for new cavalry test kits on the international market was so high.
On the new crown test, although the results of the nucleic acid test are more accurate and already an option for many developed countries, the technology and cost of nucleic acid testing is a greater burden for many developing countries, which would then choose a lower-cost anti-test box for new crown testing.
Developed countries that use nucleic acid tests will also require ancillary antibody testing. Based on accurate market predictions and certainty, Murray's medical has shifted the main thrust of the chemical light detection product to developing countries dominated by antibody testing, which has led to a gap in the speed of growth with similar companies.
From a personal point of view, the health-related industry, as a medical treatment industry, must be the most technologically advanced product for its clients.
At present, the share of national production in chemical lighting is not high, and the share of national product plates as a whole is 20%. In mainstream departments in high-level hospitals that are not price-sensitive, the share is even smaller.
The gap between the inter-chemically luminous heads. After the launch of the Murray high-speed machine, the company stepped up the upgrade of the immune reagents in a synchronized fashion, the base was able to cover the mainstream testing project in level III hospitals, and the share of income from the luminous reagents in level III hospitals increased from 10 to 20 per cent to over 30 per cent, reflecting the client ' s recognition of and confidence in the quality of the Murray medical products.
The quality of the secondary crown outbreak has also been well received by clients. In both domestic and foreign markets, the third quarter of the increase in the number of calibration machines will provide the basis for subsequent reagent consumption, while the current situation abroad is still critical, and the demand for new crown test antibody kits is expected to continue at a high rate in the future.
In addition to focusing on the technical overlap of chemically luminous monomechanical products, the company has also stepped up its research and development on detection efficiency, introducing bio-immuno-level waterlines. As domestic demand for medical care rises, more demands have been placed on sample testing capabilities in public hospitals, third-party testing agencies, etc., to improve detection efficiency and save human resources in the future.
In conjunction with market efficiency testing requirements, Méri’s medical has been able to introduce the same run-through blood analysis (cal8,000), sal 6000, sal 8000, sal 9000, and urine analysis. In the market for modular cascades, companies have been uniquely positioned to do so.
Technically, the company has acquired a wealth of research and development production techniques on the biochemistry analyser and the chemical luminary analyser to facilitate the company’s research and development of the biochemistry stream.
The promotion of the current line can be replaced by a single machine, which provides a good basis for marketing. At present, there are nearly 1,100 company-level combined water lines installed, with over 300 new ones added this year, with faster growth, followed by the company's larger chart of 42 Murray's primary modular water chain.
Modular cascades allow Murray to have access to a higher sample client base to fit the product more fully into the corresponding hospital. In the future, the company will increase its investment in the development of cascades, increasing individual performance, further increasing the stability, accuracy, repeatability of sample tests, and will drive a higher number of cascades.
Long, future or larger performance growth point for the company. 4.3 Superbs continue to work, using ultrasound Doppler technology and ultrasound, with blood-motivation, tissue transport.
Motion information and tissue properties of human organs, providing medical imaging instruments that include information on 2-D, 3-D ash scales and dynamic bloodstreams. Colored superbusiness is the biggest business of the company’s medical image line, and the future of the company’s medical image line is the direction in which it will continue to evolve.
According to the network of company officials, the market size of Mary's medical ultrasound products has reached the world's fifth, US Poc, and third, and the domestic market's third, and the trend of import substitution has been highlighted. In 2019, the company's resona 7-colour ultrasound Doppler system won the second Shenzhen Global Design Award for Gold in Industrial Design, the only one to have won the Gold Award.
The size of our market for ultrasound products is growing year by year, and import substitution markets are wide. Currently, domestic low- and middle-end ultrasound is largely nationalized, but ultra-high-end colour is still empty.
For example, as a pilot in the country, companies need to be able to expand their share of the braided supermarket and replace their imports. Since 2016, Murray has been running high-end superproducts, gradually breaking through level-III hospitals, proving that Murray's high-end, super-high-end.
Supermarket potential. With super-high colours in three to five years, Murray's health is expected to enter the super-high-end market and achieve import substitution. In addition to accelerating the technological breakthroughs, it is expected that the ultra-high-end colour applications for different sections will be rolled out simultaneously, allowing for a super-high-quality pan-field, global-room product coverage.
Super-high, super-high market. 5 market signals recovery, with a focus on potential performance growth points.
The country’s new coronary epidemic, though contained, has revealed a lack of preparedness for emergency response at all levels of hospitals, as well as a lack of relevant medical equipment. For the first time, the new infrastructure for basic medical equipment at all levels (hereinafter referred to as “new infrastructure”) was included in the Government’s report on its work for 2020.
At the same time, the report states that the public health system should be strengthened by means of a special national debt to combat the disease, increased research and development of vaccines, medicines and rapid detection technologies, increased access to preventive and curative medical facilities, increased mobile laboratories, enhanced emergency material security, and strengthened prevention of the disease at the grass-roots level.
COMC and the National Institute of Chinese and Chinese Medicine jointly issued a circular on the publication of a public health prevention and treatment capacity-building programme (hereinafter referred to as “the programme”). The programme states that the focus is on public health, especially major diseases, the exposure of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the short slate for prevention and treatment, the adaptation of the optimal distribution of medical resources, the enhancement of the capacity to combine the fight against terrorism, and the strengthening of the Central and Western medical complex.
Together, efforts have been focused on capacity-building, filling short lines, and building a powerful barrier to protect the health and safety of the population. The new medical infrastructure has quickly sprung up in the medical equipment industry, causing widespread concern.
The construction of medical infrastructure, the repair of medical equipment, and the release of a large number of equipment purchases are clear signs of benefit for the medical industry. At present, the construction of icu, disease-related units and laboratories has been gradually implemented in various government and medical institutions.
It is not difficult to see in the inventory that the official proposal to reset the company’s vital information with the main products that support the production line, such as a monitor, a respirator, a defibrillator, etc. The company, as a leading company in the country’s medical apparatus, has a clear advantage in terms of the quality and value of its products.
As a leader in the domestic healthcare industry, Méri has been focusing on the layout of overseas markets, enhancing corporate international branding by continuously expanding overseas markets. The company’s overseas market has been set up early, after almost 20 years.
International business development, Méri has 40 subsidiaries abroad, with more than 190 countries worldwide selling their products. According to the network of company officials, Méri's medical equipment is entering about two-thirds of the U.S. hospitals, the top 10 hearts in the U.S., all of the top 20 hospitals are using Méri products, and in Europe, Méri is using all of them.
The treatment products were used in more than 200 teaching hospitals in Europe, and there was a high degree of recognition in the international market of Méri’s medical products. 5.1.2.1 The political situation is relatively stable, with a positive overall impact.
The transition of power is now expected to lead to a peaceful transition. Méri, a major multinational medical facility, has a 50% share of overseas operations, with large exports of custody devices, ultrasound, etc. North America.
On the one hand, Biden’s appointment as President of the United States will help or help to ease relations between China and the United States, with the possibility that the taxes that have been levied in history will be lifted. Once customs duties are lifted, there will be a significant positive contribution to corporate profits. On the other hand, the United States general elections may have some impact on exchange rate movements.
The exchange loss on the statement could result in further depreciation of the dollar. However, the appreciation of the renminbi and the depreciation of the dollar have also had a positive impact on the company’s overseas pricing, as fixed prices for the renminbi are reduced when the renminbi is appreciated and the United States depreciates.
As a result, both positive and negative, changes in the political situation in the United States have had a positive impact on the advancement of Méri’s medical overseas operations. 5.1.2.2 The epidemic has helped to advance overseas markets, and high-end clientele have accelerated their expansion.
The outbreak of the new crown epidemic in early 2020, the surge in demand for anti-epidemic medical equipment and new coronary tests, the surge in corporate overseas market activity, and the international market, which has been the driving force behind the accelerated growth of corporate revenue, grew by more than 50% in the last three quarters. In terms of market coverage, the epidemic has dramatically accelerated Murray's presence at sea.
By the end of October 2020, the company had added more than 600 top hospitals abroad, covering regions and countries such as Asia and the Pacific, Latin America, and Russia, and had achieved a huge breakthrough in high-end customers overseas, raising the international penetration rate and market share. In Europe, for example, the company was present.
The coverage of large hospitals in Europe is not as high as in the country, but during the epidemic, the company entered more than 100 priority hospitals in addition to the original hospital exports, expanding the European market rapidly, and normally it took more than three years to get into such a number. The epidemic directly accelerated the entry of Méri medicine into overseas cities.
In terms of products, the epidemic has led to a significant increase in the status of the world's line of custody products; a higher rate of performance in the field of chemical luminous light, with the help of a large number of exports from developing countries of new coronary anti-testing agents; and the company's only global integrated full-capsulation, full-scale respirator, which continues to grow.
The epidemic urgently needs medical equipment as a breakthrough point, entering the top and largest hospitals in the country, filling the void of national brands in these top hospitals, leaving a good Chinese brand image, greatly raising the recognition of the Meri brand abroad, and reducing the internationalization of companies by at least five years.
With the stabilization of the overseas epidemic, it is also expected that a massive build-up to the infrastructure of medical facilities will be needed. The company will build on this good collaboration to further expand the coverage of its existing products at high-end hospitals abroad, from the introduction of a single anti-epidemic facility to the overall treatment available to the company.
There's plenty of room in overseas markets and the growth potential of emerging markets, so it's expected that emerging markets will have 5.2 strong synergic hardware operations. Underscopes are medical tests with image sensors, optical lenses, light sources, mechanical devices, etc.
Innerscopes are divided into soft internals and hard internal mirrors, which enter primarily into the sterile tissue of the human body, organs, or through surgical cutting into the sterile cavity of the human body, such as abdominal mirrors, chest mirrors, joint mirrors, vertebrae mirrors, brain mirrors, etc., and are used mainly in microscopic surgery. At the end of the hospital, microscopic surgery is efficient, patient recovery is fast, hospital turnover is fast.
The increase in hospital income has been very helpful: on the patient side, microscopic surgery using endoscopic mirrors can make it smaller and faster after surgery. In cases where technology is available and clinical treatment is well under way, microscopic surgery that minimizes pain is the patient’s best option. So, on balance, the need for the mirrors will increase further.
The rigid mirror system alone now has more than 5 billion market spaces, and the market for ancillary surgical devices can reach 5 billion, plus a total of 10 billion. If products such as energy platforms, ultrasound knives, electric knives, etc. are refined, they may add 10 billion market sizes. So the market space for a mirror is huge.
From the point of view of product competition, the rigid mirror is a purely import monopoly. Although Murray now has a fifth market share in the country, the top four brands are import brands, and all country brands have a market share of less than 10%.
The size of the domestic market for mirrors (millions of dollars) is shown in figure 45. The hardware business is a growing business that companies value most.
The main products are the self-developed hard-pipe endoscopy system and the accompanying basic surgical devices, as well as the 4k hard mirror system recently released at the Cmef National Conference. The company has a number of significant advantages in the development of rigid mirror products.
Expert guidance in R & D. A large-scale addition to R & D staff arrangements will continue to increase R & D inputs before it comes. Second, the company's other production lines will have a strong co-benefit. The acquisition, conversion, high-precision equipment, the manufacture of electromechanics, and so on.
Research and development (R & D) has built up well in other existing product lines, which can be applied to the entire hardware system, building on existing R & D accumulations, and improving R & D efficiency. In the pipeline, due to microscopic products such as hard mirrors, the surgical series are mainly used in surgical operations, which are linked to the firm's powerful product lines - life information and support production lines.
There are overlapping applications and client groups that are highly relevant to the distribution channels. So companies can make good use of the marketing channels they have built up or synchronized before promoting new products. In 2019, corporate hard mirror products have reached 150 million yuan in size and are expected to be affected by the epidemic this year.
Figure 47 Murray's M.S.S. main product, hd3 M.M. 3 chip and o.S. All high-altitude abdominal mirror system 5.3 Veterinary medical panel is progressing.
In addition to the firm’s strong operations, Murray’s health plans to expand its operations and open up markets for animal use. With the country’s economic development and rising levels of consumption, animals play an increasingly important role in human life, whether animal husbandry or domestic pets.
According to the Chinese pet industry white paper of 2019, the number of pet dogs and cats in urban areas nationwide in 2019 amounted to 9,9.15 million, an increase of 8.4%, which would only be greater if added to the livestock and animal protection in farming and zoos.
The growth of the animal market has led to a growing demand for veterinary medicine. The global market for animal medicine is high at $89 billion, mainly in the international market; the Chinese market for pet medicine is currently less than $1/10 billion. For the global market, the domestic market for animal medicine has greater potential.
First, as the ageing of the population increases and the number of single-persons increases, the number of pets used to accompany them is growing rapidly. Moreover, pet owners with pets are less sensitive to the relative price, and the veterinary medicine is purely self-funded, and there is no pressure to pay for health insurance, and they can be relatively stable at the price.
There is a certain pre-eminence in the growing business of Mérry's medical practice of using veterinary instruments as a future priority. On the one hand, there is currently no uniform industry regulatory standard for veterinary medical devices and there is no need to note products, so that conventional medical equipment products need only be technically adapted to the physical characteristics of different animals.
It applies to animals, and it can be sold with the approval and feedback of the market. And Murray's medical care has been at the top of the country in the development and production of medical devices for human use, and has accumulated a great deal of skills in the development of veterinary medical devices. On the other hand, the company has improved its marketing channels.
It's a little different from how many people use medical devices, but it's better to capture local resources when there's local coverage. From the overseas market, when the company first entered North America in 04, it expanded from veterinary clinics, so the company has a basis in the management of veterinary channels and the penetration of end-user groups. This is the company's future.
On 7 December, Méri and the government of Longhua District in Shenzhen officially launched a strategic collaboration between the two sides in the field of animal medicine equipment, another major breakthrough that Méri has continued to build in the field of veterinary medical equipment.
Animals use business as a growing business for companies, and will continue to invest resources in the future, spreading it through professional channels through welfare development teams, independent marketing coverage. The company’s current veterinary business is estimated to be more than 200 million yuan yuan globally, and is expected to grow rapidly. The initial plan for 2024 is to reach $200 million.
5.4 Good policy regulations, aed market is expected to be a big opportunity Automatic extraterrestrial defibrillator (aed) is a portable medical device capable of diagnosing specific heart disorder and giving electroshocks, a medical facility that can be used by non-professionals to save patients from cardiac arrest.
Be prepared. When the heart stops, aed will be used to remove the patient from tremors and pulmonary recovery within the best time to save. According to the Chinese Cardiovascular Disease Report 2016, published by the National Centre for Cardiovascular Diseases, our heart is at its source every year.
The number of sudden deaths is 540,000, resulting in an average of 1,480 deaths per day. Aed, as the most immediate and effective instrument to help people with sudden deaths, without professional operation, is the most effective way to reduce mortality from heart-borne diseases.
317 per 100,000 population: 555 per 100,000 in Japan: Singapore started late, but more than 100 per 100,000 population, while our aed awareness and coverage remained relatively low. On 27 November 2019, artists died in a sudden heart attack while participating in a comprehensive programme, as young as 35 years old;
On March 26, 2020, Indian actor Sethu died in a sudden heart attack in his home, at the age of 36; on November 25, 2020, Argentine football player Maradona suddenly lost consciousness in his home, his heart stopped, and he died in vain after being rescued, at the age of 60.
The death of the victim as a result of a heart attack was a wake-up call for the government and the general public.
The launch of the "aed " project, the first 500 " , which was installed in 2018 in heavily staffed premises such as subways, airfields, nursing homes, gymnasiums, higher education schools, and motorcycles with police stations in Shenzhen, reached the international level of 100 aed for every 100,000 people, with full coverage by the deadline.
For example, on 16 June 2020, the People ' s Government Office of Beijing issued an Implementation Programme for Strengthening the Pre-Medical Emergency System of the City ' s Hospital, specifically requesting the promotion of the city ' s railway stations, metro stations, traffic hubs, long-distance passenger transport.
At the end of 2022, all of the city’s orbital stations will be fully covered with aed equipment and first-line personnel.
According to the Hangzhou City Health Commission, since 2014 Hangzhou has been equipped with a total of more than 600 aed in the main city area, with a total of about 1,000 in the city.
Hangzhou has also become the first city in the country to regulate, in the form of local legislation, the configuration and use of public spaces. As the government and society have become more aware of first aid, the country’s tremors market has expanded year after year, and as a result of the growing awareness of the government and society.
The demand for hospital tremors has remained essentially unchanged, and market size has been driven largely by increased demand from aed. The outlook for the aed area is considerable.
Mary's aed product layout was introduced earlier in 2009, with China's first fully self-owned dual-phased aed product, beneheartd1. The Mary's medical aed product is now in a series, shaped into its own unique advantage. First, it is in a series of products. For different applications, companies produce different products.
Designs, such as school use, social use, higher-priced products, low-priced pro-people products, etc. Seriesed products are easy for companies to promote in different places.
For example, opening hours can start in two seconds, save the time and increase the chances of recovering the patient. Three, management is quick. To improve the aed coverage, the configuration of the product will be relatively fragmented, and the maintenance and repair of the product will be a huge challenge. At present, Murray's aed product can be monitored in real time and wirelessly.
The equipment situation saves the time needed to maintain the equipment and avoids the possible use of missing manual maintenance.
Méri will also continue to follow up on the relevant markets and actively push for legislation to be enacted by the government.