Murray's performance as a leading company in the country's medical apparatus has increased steadily in the first half of 2020.
The annual growth in the performance of the anti-epidemic support companies has accelerated the process of overseas extension. The performance of Myrry's products continues to be optimized, high-end national products are replaced by future possibilities, and medium- and low-end products balance the needs of level II and below hospitals.
For many years, the industry has grown steadily in terms of life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and the core of medical imagery. Companies have developed a global layout that takes into account domestic and overseas markets, with steady growth in both developed and developing countries’ market performance.
The epidemic has created a huge demand for products such as respirators and monitors, and Murray has expanded her emergency purchases triggered by the outbreak. The high-end client base abroad has rapidly raised the company’s brand power and awareness in the international market.
The company’s in vitro diagnostic operations are partly negatively affected by the epidemic. The company’s export to countries like Russia of new coronary anti-medical test agents, which drive the sale and installation of local chemical luminous devices, compensates in part for the effects of the epidemic on the in vitro detection operations.
The product combines the lower end of the high school market, and the higher end of the product continues to achieve technological breakthroughs. The Murray product line is rich enough to meet the needs of hospitals at all levels. The company insists on innovative inputs and team-building, constantly achieving technological breakthroughs.
On the scene, the middle-end monitor epm series helps patients get out of bed early. The ultrasound device resona7 defines new standards for acoustic images based on the zst platform. The anaesthetic a series achieves a technical breakthrough, a9/a8 carries an anaesthetic machine with hfnc for the first global platform.
The break-through of blood analyser technology and the large alternative space for the import of chemically luminous products, the risk of using a market price as of 11 November 2020 for the collection of waste materials, the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, the less-than-expected expansion of the market for new products, and the new technology
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting, leading the medical equipment industry, with steady growth in performance.
Shenzhen Murray Biomedical Electronics Ltd. was founded in 1991 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s business board in October 2018. The company’s main business covers three areas: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery, and helps the world improve medical conditions and the efficiency of medical consultations through cutting-edge technological innovations and offering better product solutions.
Several countries and regions, covering 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99% of tri-A hospitals in China. The company ranked 42 on the list of global providers of medical equipment in 2019, and was selected by Boston Consulting as the 2018 Global Challenger. The Economist evaluated Murray as “effectively integrating global resources and increasing innovation efficiency.”
Nearly 25% of the company’s global workforce and more than 12% of its expatriate workforce come from more than 30 countries and regions around the world. The professional background of the company’s research and development staff covers a wide range of disciplines such as electronics, computer technology, sensor technology, signal-processing technology, clinical medicine, precision machinery, etc.
Figure 1. Overview of corporate operations: three major segments performing well, overseas, taking into account both developed and developing countries. Three main lines of corporate operations include life information and support, in vitro diagnosis and medical impact operations, and emerging business layouts include micro-inventive surgery.
The growth rate was more than 20% in 2019. As a result of an increase in the share of high-end products sold in life information and support operations, vital letters chart 3.2015-2019 MIR performance shows a sustained high growth in performance in mainland China.
The product should be used for nearly 110,000 health-care institutions in China, for more than 99% of the tri-a hospital, and for close cooperation with a large number of top-level hospitals and specialists. Murray covers more than 30 provinces and municipalities in China, with more than 60 immediate resident service stations, more than 670 sub-services for high-quality authorized services, more than 600 direct engineers, more than 200 clinical applications engineers, and more than 2,700 trained, tested and certified professionals in the former factory.
Within the overseas market, Murray’s global layout covers more than 190 countries and territories, including both developing and developed countries.
In developed countries, where the market for medical devices is relatively mature, the threshold of medical technology is high and the technical regulations are the most stringent, Murray has been operating in developed countries in Europe and the United States with an annual growth rate of about 10%. The product has entered about two-thirds of the United States hospitals, served the top 20 hospitals in the United States, and has been applied to Europe with a 27% growth in operating income in 2019.
Figure 6. Performance of Méri Medical Region in mainland China 2015-2019 Figure 7. Service medical institutions in mainland China Figure 9. Performance of Méri Medical Region in Latin America 2015-2019
Figure 8. Murray ' s medical worldwide layout Figure 10. Murray ' s medical services in Europe and America Figure 11. 2015-2019 ' s medical performance in Europe and America
In the first half of 2020, there was a global outbreak of new coronary pneumonia, and both domestic and overseas markets experienced a huge demand for respirators and surveillance equipment. Murray responded in a timely manner, actively contributing to domestic and overseas immunization activities.
Emergency recovery, pooling of resources to produce urgently needed products such as respirators, monitors, injection pumps, and mobile dr. At the same time, engineering and quality personnel form joint on-site inspection teams to identify key control points for the release of closed products and to ensure that the products are delivered. During the outbreak, the company delivered more than 80,000 medical equipment to hospitals throughout the country and donated cumulatively more than $33 million to the medical facilities in the north of the lake.
In March, the Italian government procured the first nearly 10,000 anti-epidemic medical devices, including pagers and monitors.
In the first half of 2020, the company's in vitro diagnostic operations achieved an operating income of $3.029 billion, which was slower than the 6.49 per cent increase. The epidemic reduced hospital routine diagnostic activities and, to some extent, adversely affected the sale of the company's in vitro diagnostic reagents.
Countries like Ross export new coronary anti-tests, chemical reagents and chemical photoanalyst systems are closed. The marketing of new coronary anti-tests has led to the sale and installation of local chemical radiators, partially compensating for the effects of the epidemic on in vitro diagnostic operations.
The National Development and Reform Commission has issued a capacity-building programme for public health prevention and treatment, emphasizing the upgrading and upgrading of major outbreak treatment bases, the upgrading of district hospitals' capacity to provide care for acute diseases, the improvement of the network for the treatment of urban infectious diseases, the strengthening of intensive care areas, the provision of equipment such as epidural pulmonary oxygen and pcr.
Capacity-building for the overall upgrading of district hospitals for treatment and treatment will include, first, improving the conditions of operational rooms such as district hospitals for heating clinics, emergency departments, inpatient departments, medical and technical units, upgrading medical equipment, improving logistical support facilities such as parking, medical waste and sewage treatment, and upgrading hospital conditions; and, second, improving the capacity of district hospitals to detect and treat infectious diseases, with a focus on strengthening infectious disease units and relatively independent transmissions.
Construction of infected areas, improvement of equipment for testing and testing, and improvement of rapid detection and treatment; third, construction of convertable areas, expansion of intensive disease-care areas (icu, with related specialist intensive care units, with the same) beds, generally with 2-5 per cent of the beds set up, establishment of intensive disease-care beds, with “average” beds as general beds, with the necessary medical equipment, such as a respirator, of different sizes and functions, for major outbreaks
Improvement of the network for the treatment of communicable diseases in urban areas, including: first, expansion of the capacity for intensive care of infectious diseases, strengthening of infrastructure and upgrading of equipment, implementation of the design requirements for the “two corridors in the three sectors”, provision of the necessary equipment, such as pressure ambulances, pressure stretchers, enhancement of the material reserve, accommodation of emergency sites and renovation of space; and second, strengthening of the construction of intensive care areas (icu) with a bedside surveillance system, respirators, bodies
Equipment such as ecmo; third, to improve the ability to detect infectious diseases, with equipment such as a polymerase chain reaction device (pcr) to set up laboratories at the level of level 2 (p2) of biosafety; fourth, to enhance the construction of Chinese medicine units, to set up Chinese medicine units in accordance with the standards; and to improve the capacity of Chinese and Western medicine to combine the prevention and control of infectious diseases.
In each municipality, one or two existing medical institutions are selected for expansion. In principle, 60-100 beds are located in municipalities with a population below 1 million (urban population, same number); in cities with a population of 1-5 million, 100-600 beds; and in cities with a population of more than 5 million, not less than 600 beds.
Under the new health infrastructure policy, the infrastructure of hospitals at all levels is conducive to the expansion of the medical equipment industry, and the market for life information and support is still relatively high.
Building on innovative inputs, combining products with low-end high-school innovation R & D and R & D team building support product upgrading R & D centers support product development
The company has created a global resource-directed research and development innovation platform with eight major R & D centres, located in Shenzhen, Nanjing, Beijing, Xian, Chengdu, Silicon Valley, New Jersey and Seattle, United States of America, working closely with local research platforms, human and medical resources, and complementing them globally to achieve rapid and high-quality innovation. The eight major R & D centres, each focusing on promoting balanced development of the company’s product lines, have focused on different points.
Shenzhen headquarters is primarily responsible for planning and whole-time development of three major global product lines; the Beijing Research and Development Centre focuses on in vitro diagnostics, digital ultrasound, and medical information, and carries out several pre-research studies on new technologies; the Nanjing Research and Development Centre focuses on the development of handicraft equipment such as surgical lamps, surgical beds, hangars, hangbridges, etc.; the Chengdu Research and Development Centre focuses on the development of blood cell analysers, luminium immune analysers products; and Xian
The R & D centre focuses on life information and support and digital ultrasound software technology development; the Silicon Valley R & D centre focuses on cutting-edge ultrasound technology; the New Jersey R & D centre on clinical research, user interface design and industrial design; and the Seattle Research Centre on digital ultrasound cutting-edge technology.
In 2020, the Wuhan Center officially launched two sub-projects, the Wuhan Institute and the Wuhan Production Base. The implementation of the Murray Wuhan heart is gathering up and down the industrial chain, helping Wuhan build a biopharmaceutical and medical equipment cluster, and accelerating progress on "Big Health."
The Merivuhan Institute is located in the high-tech medical facility district of Light Valley Biological City, which will cover the entire three production lines and bone products. The new Murray Global Research and Development Center is expected to create a team of 2,000 employees, including 1,200 high-end research and development personnel, on a new path to the exploration of Murray's science within five years.
The construction of the base is expected to produce no less than 3 billion yuan in industrial output. When completed, it will become the centre for the development, manufacture and operation of China's unique medical equipment system, biological materials, core components, etc.
Figure 15. Comparison of R & D rates with those of major international medical equipment companies
Since its creation, Murray has maintained a high investment in R & D, with R & D costs accounting for about 10.1% of the total operating income for the period from 2016 to 2019, a high proportion of R & D costs comparable to those of large international medical devices. The R & D costs of the international giants ranged from 5% to 10%, with the exception of R & D costs of nearly 20% of the distant leader.
In 2019, R & D costs for companies were 1.46 billion yuan, an increase of 15.6 per cent compared to 2018. Starting in 2017, R & D costs fell from around 12 per cent to around 10 per cent in 2019, mainly because of a marked increase in corporate sales revenues and an increase in corporate capitalization R & D expenditure as a proportion of R & D inputs.
Corporate capitalization expenditure on R & D rose from 10.77% in 2018 to 11.15% of R & D inputs. On the one hand, the proportion of total R & D investment in the company as a whole has not decreased significantly, and on the other hand, the proportion of projects in which firms meet the requirements for capitalization in R & D is increasing.
As at 31 December 2019, the company had 9819 employees, an increase of 6.3% over 2018. The professional background of the company’s research and development staff covered electronic technology, computer technology, sensor technology, signal processing technology, clinical medicine,
At the end of 2019, the share of technical personnel in companies reached 25.5%, a three-year upward trend.
At the top of the country's industry, and taking into account demand at all levels, Murray has been farming for years in the area of guardianship equipment, including the benevisionn, epm, ipm, etc., where the product line is rich and the middle-end market is fully covered. Among these, the benevision series is for high-end markets, the epm series is for mid-end markets, the ipm series is for medium-end markets.
In 2018, the company introduced a new generation of mid-end guardians, epm, which can be used in conjunction with the Central Station for Severely Illnesses.
Murray has been a long-standing leader in the field of domestic guardianship equipment, with a market share of 63.3% in 2018, well above competitors including Philips, Ge, and so on. In 2018, Murray held 62.9% in the tertiary hospital guardianship market, and 65.1% in the secondary hospital guardianship market, all leading the competition in the field.
The retention rate is much lower than its market retention rate in level III hospitals, and the market in level II and level III hospitals is largely at the same level. According to the findings of the Chinese Journal of Medical Equipment Core Competitiveness Survey, the Murray Guardian has received more than four points in the four indicators of “product reliability”, “product ease of use”, “Engine maintenance level” and “plant maintenance response, site arrival, repair speed.”
According to the Chinese medical equipment survey, the Méri Guardianship has the highest interest rate of 96.6%, the highest in the same domain. The Philip Guardianship in the same area has the highest interest rate of 84.2%, and the Ge Guardianship Repurchase rate of 76.6%.
Figure 21.2018 Competition patterns in the domestic Level III Hospital Supervisory Market
A series of patient monitors in the benevisionn series can be used to monitor, display, examine, store, alert and generate several clinically tested physiological parameters, including: electrocardiograms, respiratory rates, temperature, pulse oxygen saturation, pulse repeat frequency (pr), non-intrusive blood pressure (nibp), invasive blood pressure (ibp), pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary clot (pawp), heart output (c.o.), continuous heart output (cco), mixed/central vein oxygen saturation
(svo2/scvo2), carbon dioxide (co2), oxygen (o2), anaesthetic gas (ag), ECG (icg), hyperspectral index (bis), respiratory (rm), neuromuscular transmission monitoring (nmt), brain electrograms (eeg), regional oxygen saturation (rso2).
Hemosight's blood-dynamic analysis tool provides a visual view of the patient's condition and helps medical staff to make their judgements through multiple blood-dynamic assistance programs. The Benevisionor series meets the needs of the operating room, and the Boadashboard Perimeter Anaesthesia Balancer indicator tool monitors the state of consciousness, pain and mythology.
The speed technique is more sensitive to hand action and more stable and accurate measurements. The tissue oxygen saturation monitoring is based on near-infrared spectrometry. Infrared light preferences are closely related to intracranial hemoglobin oxygen saturation.
The care system provides an intelligent interconnection system that allows patient-centred information-sharing, enrichment of solutions, and efficiency gains. Wireless guardianship programmes allow the custody system to be connected to telemetry equipment, which allows patients to get out of bed early.
The equipment interconnection platform, consisting of benelink and egateway, allows for full central custody of the equipment and the simplification of the connection to the information system.
The middle-end guardianship system is designed for sub-heavy care, which is more focused on the rehabilitation of patients than on intensive care, while meeting the basic requirements of guardianship. The epm series is easy to deploy, low cost of setting up network structures, and is cost-effective.
12 LCEC, Pulse Oxygen Saturation (spo2), Respiratory (resp), Body Temp, Pulse (pr), Hydraulic Pressure (nibp), Ibp (with ppv), Heart-Creating Retardation (c.o.) (for adult patients only), Carbon Dioxide (co2), O2 (o2), Anaesthesia Gas (ag), Respiratory (rm), Double Frequency Index (bis) (for adult patients only)
Within the hour, the heart rate, the heart disorder, the st change, the combination of holo-waves, heart disorder events, trend maps, help doctors to access critical information efficiently and adjust their treatment strategies in a timely manner.
Murray’s rich vitals surveillance data help clinical practitioners to quickly analyse their patients’ condition, and intelligent aids can improve safety. The early warning ratings for the ews support mews (madifieldlywarningscore), news (nationallarizedwarningscore) and self-defined scoring systems, recalling 500 historical scoring records that help to identify potentially at-risk patients and provide early clinical intervention.
Crozfusion, by reducing heart failure alarms through multi-dimensional warning analysis, can reduce the number of heart failure alarms by 50% and 65% of fatal heart failure alerts.epm is mainly oriented towards sub-heavy care settings, including fixed and mobile versions. Devices can easily be removed from walls or scrollboards.
It is easy to transfer. The medical-grade apparel allows continuous supervision by the bed, and the indoor wireless network covers extended patient activity. The monitor allows the data to be transmitted to the central station and to the mobileviewer, which allows medical staff to view patient data at any time or place.
Changes and potential risks. The "See Other Patients" function allows medical staff to view up to 12 patients simultaneously on the pm screen, and the interconnectivity of bedside surveillance devices allows medical staff to view multiple patients at the same time without having to go through the central station.
There has been a significant increase in the availability of narcotic equipment, a high-end market in a series of layouts, the Meri machine products include a series, wato series and v60 series of anaesthesia evaporations. The wato product series is for low-end markets,a the product series for medium- and high-end markets has a place in the global market. In 2019, the company launched the high-end ana9/a8, which is publicly available.
Public Information Network news a8/a9 was marketed on the overseas market in 2020. Chart 31. Méri Medical Anaesthesia Station. 15% share of Méri anesthesia equipment in mainland China in 2018, and Méri anaesthesia in mainland China in 2017.
11%. The market retention rate increased by 4 percentage points in one year. In 2018, the market for level II hospitals was 21%, and in figure III, 32.2018, the domestic market for narcotic equipment. Figure III, the market for level III hospitals for narcotic equipment, 33.2017
Helen, Germany. Soo An Medical. Gerde.
Figure 35.2018 Competition patterns in the domestic level II hospital drug equipment market, Figure 34.2018 Competition patterns in the domestic level III hospital drug equipment market, a series of high-end machines that continue to achieve technological breakthroughs
A series of anaesthetic technology highlights both gas-mixing techniques and gas- passivation effects.a7 Anaesthetic stations use electro-gas-mixing techniques that allow rapid gas mixing, guarantee absolute control over the transmission of fresh gases, multi-parameter settings, and innovative back-up flow meters.
A7 carries a back-up flow meter, which automatically ejects in case of an accidental failure of an electronic flow meter. A7 achieves the level of icu gas care, with different gas models.
The formula meets the different physiologic needs of patients with various types of disorders of all ages, including: pcv-vg pressure-control capacity guarantee, simv-vg interstep command air-pressure-control capacity guarantee, cpap/ps continuous airway positive/pressure support.a9/a8 sets up anaesthesia machines for the first global platform with hfnhlownasalcannula, hfnc maintaining the patient's safe oxygen saturation.
Hfnc can reduce the difficulty of anaesthetic tubes for medical personnel, especially when dealing with patients with low oxygen saturation or difficult airways. hffnc (high-flownasalcannulae) flows faster than conventional oxygen-absorbent equipment and provides patients with flow speeds greater than or roughly equal to patient autonomy.
The air flow rate is typically 2-6l per minute for conventional pre-aerobic gas, and patients suffering from respiratory distress may experience higher inhalation peaks. If a patient inhales more than the oxygen rate, the patient inhales indoor air, resulting in dilution of oxygen, causing the patient to be unable to inhale the precise oxygen concentration that needs to be inhaled. hfnc gives oxygen at a faster rate than the conventional method, reducing the inhalation of indoor air by patients.
The oxygen is given precisely. Hfnc can act as a positive pressure, reduce the patient's respiratory resistance, and increase the amount of functional residues. High-flow gas that continues to be supplied can wash the still-causing gas from the mouth and the bronchial tree and improve the patient's breathing efficiency. Hfnc operates to control oxygen concentration fractions and flow parameters in the gas inhalation fio2 and a9/a8 can be set up directly for oxygen concentrations and flow at a flow rate of up to 100l per minute.
In the case of an emergency, a9/a8 can be quickly activated and the patient ' s oxygen saturation rapidly increased. Figure 38.hffnc can extend the induction period for safe respiratory oxygen synthesizing [2] Britishjournalofanaesthesia, 118(4): 610-7 (2017)
[3] Britishjournalofanaesthesia, 115(6): 827-48 (2015) Chart 39.hfnc a9 with aca (automaticcontrolledanaethesia), automatically regulating fresh gas and anaesthetic steam engine output rapidly reaching the end of the preset
The operator can directly set oxygen concentration fractions in fio2 inhalation gas or etaa (end-tial anesthesiaagent) and reduce the operator’s cross-positioning of fresh gas and anaesthesia vapour. The supply of fresh gas and anaesthetic vapour can be quickly adjusted to maintain a stable narcotic condition during the operation.
Medical video products include desktop ultrasound, desktop black and white ultrasound, portable ultrasound, ultrasound management system, ultrasound attachments, and x-ray imaging system. Portable black and white ultrasound and desktop black and white ultrasound are mainly directed to low-end markets, portable colour super and dc-n2,
dc30, dc39, mainly for low- and medium-end markets.
In 2018, the Merri ultrasound system held 8.2% of the total ultrasound market, ranking 4th, below ge, Philip and Siemens. In the tertiary market, the market held 9.2%, ranking 3rd, below ge and Philip. In 2015, Murray held 6.2% and 5.8% of the total ultrasound market and the tertiary hospital market, respectively.
2 percentage point increase in retention in the overall market. Figure 43.2018 Competition patterns in the market for ultrasound equipment in tertiary hospitals in the country. Figure 44. Competition patterns in the market for guardianship devices in tertiary hospitals in the country in 2015
The high-end resona colour Doppler ultrasound series defines new standards for ultrasound images, based on zst+ field light, and meets higher requirements for ultrasound images in clinical diagnosis. zst (zonesonographytechnology), based on software-driven breakthroughs in traditional ultrasound technical barriers, is acquiring acoustic data and image information.
There has been revolutionary progress. zst is an evolving software-based technology that provides customers with easy-to-up ultrasound enhancements based on unique and proprietary zone technologies. zst can process ultrasound data more than 90% of the number of conventional ultrasound platforms, and processing is 10 times faster than traditional ultrasound platforms.
Diagram 45.Zone Clinical imaging. Traditional wave formation imaging techniques use frame-by-linebeam imaging, while zone ultrasound domain scans can be imaged using large areas of ultrasound energy. zone acoustic data collection and processing generate images 10 times faster than traditional methods.
Images quickly and accurately display anatomy motion and blood flow mechanics. Advanced acoustic collection can also reduce tissue motor hypotheses to ensure image quality. The regional dynamic focus (dynamicpixelfocusing) is quite different from traditional imaging and can provide fine spatial resolution and image homogeneity from the skin to the deepest layers. Advanced software algorithms focus on pixels each point in each frame when sent and received.
Each depth and optimal focus image. Dynamic pixels focus areas that the operator no longer needs to choose, faster and more accurate clinical diagnosis. Many factors in ultrasound use affect the actual sound speed in a given organization, and failure to compensate for these differences reduces the spatial and comparative resolution of the ultrasound system. Soundspeedcompensation
Automatic sampling of the inspected organization, calibration of the software to reflect its specific sound speed, and enhancement of the credibility of the diagnosis when examining the virulent organs and structures of the deep disease. zst allows the complete raw acoustic data to be captured and stored, allowing users to recall that image parameters have been modified to optimize clinical information, that repeat scans are no longer required, and that the patient ' s throughput is increased.
Figure 46.208 Competition patterns in the domestic custodian market Figure 49. Sound speed compensation Figure 48. Global dynamic focus
The dynamic vector of resona7 v-flow can track the size and direction of the blood flow by color-coded vector arrows, dynamically and accurately displaying the blood flow mechanics of the outer blood vessels, without an angle dependent, and provide more blood flow mechanics information. The hd-scope site allows additional imaging resources to be concentrated in the designated area, increasing the contrasting points in the region according to the acoustic properties of different tissue types.
Qualitative elastic images that provide faster, more accurate and better penetration, not only quantifys the hardness of the organization, but also evaluates the shell function of the organization’s impregnated boundaries. Hyperband non-linear image uwn+ image technology based on the zst+ field light platform (ultra-widebandnon-linearceus) can guarantee the creation of images.
With as low a mechanical index as possible to ensure longer projection time and less use of the film agent. Integrating the image with a magnetic sensor based on millimetre-level accuracy provides breathing compensation, reduces the infraction of the patient ' s breathing, and raises the accuracy of the integration image.
In vitro diagnostic equipment is the second most available in the domestic market and technology is constantly breaking through.
In vitro diagnostic fluids are fully covered. According to studies by the Kalomainformation, mcevey&farmer and others, the market size of the in vitro diagnostic industry in 2009 was about 9.3 billion yuan, with diagnostic reagents reaching 7.3 billion yuan, diagnostic instruments reaching around 2 billion yuan, and the overall market size had grown to about 2 billion yuan by 2013.
23.6 billion yuan, or 26.24 per cent of the annual compound growth rate. According to the Specialized Committee on the In vitro Diagnostic System of the Chinese Medical Devices Association, the size of the dereagents will exceed 40 billion yuan over the next five years, and the in vitro diagnostic instrument will be close to 15 billion yuan. In 2018, Méri ' s share of domestic laboratory equipment was 13 per cent, followed by Heisen Meikang.
Figure 55. Size of the in vitro diagnostic market. Figure 57.2018 Competition patterns in the domestic level III hospital inspection equipment market. Figure 58.2018 Competition patterns in the domestic level II hospital inspection equipment market.
The blood analyser's technique is a method of analysing cellular composition in the blood by means of a number of instruments, most often by means of blood routines.
The difference between the white cell fractions in the blood routine. The three categories refer to the division of the white cell population into lymphocytes, single nuclear cells, particle cells; the five categories refer to the division of the white cell population into lymphocytes, single nuclear cells, particle cells (neutral cells, acidic cells, alkalitic cells). The five categories refer to a higher degree of accuracy in the number of cell identifications and catalogs. The cell analyser uses a special nucleic acid fluorescent dye. Fluorescent dyes enter white fine.
Inner coloration of dna, rna and cellular apparatus, fluorescent intensity in proportion to the nucleic acid content of the cell, so immaturity particle cells, abnormal cell fluorescence, photohide depth, mature white cell fluorescent dyes light, resulting in a 4diff (four-point) white cell scattering point map. bc6800plus adds two new detection channels to the previous generation's product, the white wnb channel and the red erp channel.
It's an integrated detection path for cellular aerobics and nuclear red cells, with nuclear red cells (nrbc) testing without additional reagents, a new algorithm system that guarantees the accuracy of high-value nrbc, and a new reagent system that effectively avoids interference from high fluorescent cellular and lipid particles with cell fine alkaline.
Tests, optical plate tests, and erythrocyte tridecimal tests. The optic plate tests can automatically trigger eight times the erp passage plate samples, based on resistance (plt-i) measurements, during low-value plate tests, without repeated tests to ensure accuracy and repetition of low-value plate counts. The cytogram tests are effective detection indicators for the diagnosis and treatment of anaemia.
In addition, bc6800plus can solve the problem of reducing the pseudocyte count from 57 to 13 minutes, mostly as a result of skeletal agglomeration, by congregated self-resolation processes. In terms of specific parameters, bc68800plus is the first blood cell analyser in the world with a conventional skeletal count plus five classification rate of 200 samples/hours, and its red cell detection rate is high.
120 samples/hours. bc6900, using sfcube3d (laser scattering combined fluorescent chromatography) technology, rotates by 360 degrees and splits by three-dimensional points.
The red system and the blood plate have better detection properties. The sss (sidscatting) high-range scattering signals measure the complexity of particles within the cell, the fs (forwardsssaging) low-range scattering signals measure the size of the cell, the fl (fluorencesceence) fluorescent signal strength, and the extent to which the nucleic acid material is dyed within the cell.
(lymphocytes, single nuclear cells, neutral cells, acid-acid cells, alkaline cells), mesh-weaved red cells and nuclear red cells. “Suspicious lipid particles” affect wbc(whitebloodcell) white cell count and analysis on a two-dimensional scattering map, while in a three-dimensional scattering map “suspected lipid particles” have a specific location and a particular shape distribution that can be accurately identified and marked to avoid interference with other cells.
bc6900 can provide more blood parameters, including the number of small red cells in blood samples, the number of big red cells, the average red cell size of netweeded cells and the haemoglobin content of red cells. These parameters are very helpful for anaemia patterns, especially in distinguishing iron deficiency anaemia from other types of anaemia.
Chart 63.bc 6900 Blood parameters bc 7500 3D fluorescence, full automatic end-of-blood, high-speed crp single machines can achieve intravenous blood, end-of-life blood, accurate detection of abnormal cells, and detection of vein blood, end-of-life blood, pre-reduced blood, body fluids.
It is a relatively large percentage, and there is a need for end-of-life blood tests when it is difficult for special patients to collect vein blood. Immediately after the last blood sample is collected, it causes a decrease in the pseudo-false effect of the blood plate, with the risk of misreporting of the blood plate for patients with low nudity plat due to certain diseases.
Automation solution. bc7500 allows automatic sampling of terminal blood to reduce the risk of contamination and improve the efficiency of testing.
Chemical luminous products are imported into a large alternative space. Chemical luminous immuno-analysis techniques (chemiuminescenceimunosasay, clia) are quantitative analysis techniques for measuring photons using the freedom to release chemical reactions to stimulate mellitus, enabling them to return from the stimulation to the base state, and in the process to release the equivalent photon.
In the field of medical testing, the technology combines high sensitivity chemical photometry with highly specific immune responses, and is used for testing and analysis of antigens, semi-antigens, antibodies, hormones, enzymes, fatty acids, vitamins and drugs. The advantage is high sensitivity, high sensitivity, simple separation, etc.
Murray's chemical photoanalyst uses enzyme-reactive luminescent techniques. The antigen antibodies (alp) are marked by the alkaline phosphate enzyme (alp) involved in chemical luminous light. Following an immune reaction to the corresponding antigens (antibodies) in the sample to be measured, a pending antigen-enzyme marker antibody compound is formed. After washing, the substrate (luminant) amppd is added, the enzyme is catalytic and decompositioned.
The internal signal strength is basically consistent, even if the correct results can be determined after 12 hours, and with the addition of the booster, it can be significantly increased by 100-100,000 times the light strength. The data collected by the photometric receiving system is then transmitted to the computer data processing system to calculate the concentration of the measured substance.
. The detection results are stable, repeatable, linearly wide, up to seven orders of magnitude. Alp has no patent restrictions, marking techniques are mature, and there is a good correlation between the luminous reaction and the concentration of the markers.
Murray now owns four full-automatic chemical lumination analysers, all of which are enzyme-driven, with the latest cl-6000i fully automated, learning from luminous immune systems using smart module design, breaking through product performance bottlenecks, single machine detection speeds up to 480 tests/hours, the fastest.
In 2016, the company's 4th fully automated chemical luminous immune analyser was selected.
Since the chemical luminous instrument is a closed system in which a manufacturer’s chemical luminous instrument must be reagentized by the manufacturer, a long-term interest is tied to the hospital when the foreign giants already have a large market share. A single instrument or reagent producer is difficult to compete, and the company’s chemical luminous reagent product now covers a wide range of areas.
Lower prices for imported products and competitive advantages over imported products in the context of health-care control fees and drigs.
In 2016, Sichuan Province launched the Sichuan Province Executive Programme for the Acquisition of Sunshine from the In vitro Diagnosis Reagents of Health Care Institutions in Sichuan Province, and the Sichuan Province Health Care Agency Management Programme for the Procurement of Sunshine from the In vitro Diagnosed Reagents in Health Institutions in Sichuan Province, which requires health-care institutions to comply with the programme.
In 2016, the Sansai Provincial Council for Health Planning issued a circular on the introduction of a price-limit on the procurement of in vitro diagnostic reagents in public hospitals, introduced a price-limit procurement basis for the procurement of in vitro diagnostic reagents in public hospitals, reduced the operating costs of public hospital testing projects, and increased the cost of public hospitals.
In December 2017, Anhui Province launched the Program for the Centralized Online Trade of Clinical Reagents in Public Health Institutions.
The purchase is done in a step-by-step manner, taking into account the principles of the Internet, the Internet, the Sun, and dynamic adjustment. The purchase platform is centrally declared, and the qualification is reviewed.
If you do not have an existing purchase price for health facilities in Xinxi Province, you will have access to an “alternate variety directory” for the purchase of files.
In vitro diagnostic reagents (VDRs) are gradually introduced, and in 2018 Hainan issued the Program for the Implementation of the IDD Retro-Filing of Sunshine Procurement in Public Health Institutions in Hainan Province, which regulates the purchase and sale of IDDs in public health institutions, guarantees the quality and availability of IDDs, and advances in procurement.
The purchase method is centralized online, with public health institutions purchasing quantities based on clinical needs, to further reduce the purchase price of the in vitro diagnostic test reagents.
The price of the product is negotiated by the health-care institutions and the production firms. In principle, the price of the product is not higher than the price of the net.
The circular emphasizes the need for various medical associations and specialized hospitals to take advantage of centralized purchasing to reduce the purchase price. On 30 December 2018, the Leading Group for the Central Procurement of Drugs and Medical Consumption in Gansu province issued a circular on the Implementation Programme for the Procurement of In vitro Diagnostic Reagents in Public Health Institutions in Gansu Province, 2018-2019.
More often centralized procurement policy documents limit the price of purchases, with some downward pressure on the price of in vitro diagnostic reagents in the broader context of health-care control fees. Méri’s in vitro diagnostic products are more competitive in centralized procurement as national products with a price advantage over imported products.
The product lines meet the needs of hospitals at different levels and have greater growth potential. 63.50% of the industry was hit by the new crown epidemic in 2020.
The return to the vd industry continues to show a significant growth trend. 71.00 per cent of the increase in the capacity of the plate is due mainly to the high-end R7 series of national level III hospitals and the assumption of cost rates during the period: companies continue to strengthen cost management and reduce efficiency gains.
China’s market for medical devices still has much potential for growth, and the market for life information and support products has much potential for expansion in the context of new health infrastructure.
Other major medical equipment companies in the industry include new industries, lifeboat organisms, southern microbes, fish jump medicine, Heil organisms, natural intelligence, 1. Waste collection price reduction risks, many of which have already put in place policies related to waste collection, which in the future will not exclude the possibility of gathering or strengthening management at the national level.ivd
The reagents for the plate may run the risk of price reduction; moreover, the company’s other equipment-type products may have the risk of price reduction in the broader context of sophisticated management of health insurance costs. If the renminbi continues to depreciate against the United States dollar on average and at the beginning of the end of the period of comparison, there will be a positive contribution to the company’s net profits and net interest rates.
Conversely, negative impacts. In the context of China-United States trade frictions, the company’s whole-line exports to the United States are mostly the first 34 billion QCs, the custodian market is relatively mature in the country, there are a large number of domestic competitors in the lower-middle-to-low market, the corporate custodian has introduced the middle-to-high-end No series, assuming that the market has not expanded as expected, and the share of the custodian market is at risk of falling; and the domestic level-III hospital market is overpriced.
Foreign brands, assuming a firm’s high-end competition for FDI, assuming that practical applications such as product performance are not as predictable as they are, have access to high-end markets both at home and abroad. The upgrading of corporate products is based on R & D, and it is well known that R & D activities are high-intensity, high-risk, long-cycle, one-time.
New technology R & D has been blocked or failed, resulting in a lack of success in upgrading the company’s products, which could affect the further upturn in the market share of the product line.