Bank Ningbo (002142): Improved income from intermediate operations, excellent asset quality, loan from a company for paper relays, and growth in individual loans are still subject to demand. q2 Bank loans dropped seasonally, but still have a clear advantage over the industry. For the public sector, bond discounting loans are combined with additional rules.
The model is still significantly higher than in recent years, reflecting the good demand of the region’s economy and the company’s well-stocked project reserves. Individual loans continue to be weak, with their total size declining at the end of q1 and are linked to weak credit demand on the one hand, and to the tightening of lending operations, consumer lending policies or rising risks on the other.
Mainly concentrated in q2 and q3, which still has a significant impact on overall credit growth, is of concern. Taken together, despite adverse factors such as retail demand and tariff uncertainty, credit is expected to grow faster during the year, owing to the stronger investment of q1-q2 in public credit as a solid basis throughout the year, and the continuing strength of macro-level policies is likely to activate potential demand.
The scale of financial investment continues to grow rapidly, consistent with industry trends, and is largely driven by government financing. q2 Ningbo bank deposits are falling seasonally, but due to a strong q1 stock season base, the rate of increase is still significantly faster than the same period.
The impact of the drop in interest rates on loans is significant; on the other hand, the share of low bonds in the portfolio has risen steadily as a result of the recent decline in interest rates in debt markets; moreover, the decline in the share of retail loans with a higher rate of return has tended to lower the overall rate of return on assets.
At the end of the debt, the implementation of interest reduction on multi-wheel deposits has resulted in a marked improvement in the cost of deposits, with a rate of 1.71 per cent, the ring ratio - 10.18 bps, with a strong and prudent ratio of poor recognition and disposal - 31.26 bps. Moreover, benefiting from the easy funding side, there has been a marked decline in the q2 peer liability and bond issue rate.
Ningbo Bank (002142): The difference in interest rates, investment factors and the improvement in interest rates are also evident. The new round of Ipr in May has been synchronized with the decline in interest rates on state-owned bank deposits, and the quality of assets has highlighted the advantages of professional operations -
The Bank of Ningpo follows the pace of the big bank to start a new round of interest cuts, and it is expected that the repricing of the deposit will be followed by a much larger cushion against asset-end pressure.
Strong, with strong write-offs - corporate summary reviews - Policy impacts dilute market improvements, middle business income improvements, investment returns are restored with debt markets. q2 Ningbo Bank middle business income is increased by a drop, reflecting the clear erosion of the impact of fee-reduction benefits and the positive effects of improved capital markets
q3 Capital markets continue to improve, and corporate wealth management and asset management operations are expected to be more resilient with their traditional advantages. q2 The bond market has performed better overall and investment efficiency has improved significantly over q2. q3, the stock market has a strong and weak stock market, and the return on investment is expected to be re-stressed.
The overall rate of non-performing loans at Ningpo Bank is 0.76% and the ring ratio is equal. Sub-lines show that the rate of bad public loans continues to be steady, but manufacturing is up and deserves to be followed; the rate of poor personal loans is more pronounced at the end of molecular growth than at the end of the masculinity, reflecting signs of a slowdown in risk. q2 Ningpo Bank accounts for lower-value losses than q1 peaks.
However, it is still high in recent years, reflecting corporate prudence. The write-off rate of non-performing loans is 26.12%, reflecting good results in risk clearance from the recent high-level platform. Dynamicly, the q2 quarter negative production rate (with approval) is 0.19%, falling from the high-level platform in recent years.
Against the backdrop of a general increase in individual lending risks in the industry, corporate recognition and write-off efforts are concentrated on retail credit, and timely risk management helps companies to remain proactive in subsequent business development. Given the faster growth in corporate income and the higher provision, it is expected that there will still be a capacity to maintain asset quality indicators.
The size of the company’s loans expanded faster than expected, the interest-rate gap was still declining, investment returns and middle business had a clear advantage in Bo’s wealth management and asset management business, and capital markets were expected to achieve a better growth elasticity in a favourable environment. With revenue and provision advantages, companies were able to respond adequately to rising pressure from retail risks in the industry, and asset quality was expected to remain superior.
Differences. Maintenance of corporate “buy-in” investment rating. Figure 1 Total loan size and growth of Ningpo Bank, Figure 2 Total loan size and growth of Ningpo Bank
Figure 3 Size of new loans by q2 Nbo Bank, in billions of yuan, in terms of scale and speed of financial investment by N4 Bank, in size and speed of deposits by N5 Bo Bank, in left axis, in billions of yuan
Figure 6 Size of new deposits at q2 Nbo Bank, in billions of yuan, 1-quarter interest differential and same-year variation in figure 7 Ningbo Bank, semi-annual fees and commission revenue in millions of yuan
Figure 9 Other combined gains from Ningbo Bank, left axis unit: 100 million yuan; 10 Ningbo bank failure rate, concern rate and overdue rate, in % Appendix: forecast values in three major statements
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.