Aluminium prices are up, and q2 is profitable.
Aluminium prices go up, making a profit. The net return to the company is expected to be $1.82 billion, compared to the previous year, with a total of approximately 780,000 tons of new electric aluminium per year in 2020, and a total of 780,000 tons per year in seagulls (in accordance with Yingping, Kichuan, the company still has 300,000 tons/year of unmanageable capacity).
On the other hand, the price of electrolytic aluminium has continued to grow, and growth has led to higher corporate profits. The average market price for aluminum in 2021 was approximately $17,426.
Tons, 32.6% more than year-on-year, while the average price of precalculation anode and aluminium oxide h1 was approximately $4149 per ton, $2372 per ton, 30% and 3% more than year-on-year, corresponding to a 5% increase in the cost of electrolytic aluminium and 2% respectively. The price of raw materials was much lower than the increase in aluminium prices, and the company’s profit space followed the price of aluminium.
The company’s 3.2 million tons/year electrolytic aluminium production is concentrated in Yunnan Province, \triangleright q2 is influenced by Yunnan’s power peak policy, a subsidiary of 300,000 tons/year electrolysis.
At the same time, according to Begawan Mobil, the power limit affected the company by about 680,000 tons/year of electrolytic aluminium production, producing about 200,000 tons/year. The production limit did not affect the company’s continued growth in performance, taking into account the fact that the first machines at the White Crane Beach hydroelectric plant in the Jinsha River had been put into production and were expected to produce electricity in the second half of the year.
With the remaining 300,000 tons of aluminum/year electrolytic aluminum production expected to be put into production, the limited production capacity will be released, and the company’s performance is expected to benefit. High profitability is guaranteed, and hydroelectric aluminum will benefit.
In this context, it is expected that some of the high-cost electrolytic aluminium production will be reduced under a strict power-restrictive policy, which will add up to the traditional power peaks in summer and the continuing shortage of electricity and coal. It is expected that the additional domestic production capacity will be less than expected, taking into account the continuation of the current stock-to-stock trend.
The supply and demand patterns of electrolytic aluminium will continue to improve throughout the year, and aluminium prices will continue to support it. In the medium and long term, two companies report depth: Aluminium shares: hydroelectric aluminum taps, or keeping carbon targets moving forward, and electrolytic aluminium, on the one hand, will continue to benefit from the driving of demand for new energy and light voltage.
The expansion of beneficial carbon assets (202,10329), on the one hand, will continue to tighten on the supply side, and global consumption of electrolytic aluminium is expected to increase faster than the supply and demand gap will widen. A smooth upswing in prices will continue to ensure that the industry will continue to make a high profit.
Aluminium electrolytic enterprises with hydropower capacity will benefit fully.Sinda Securities Inc., Inc., has contributed significantly to the additional production of aluminum seagulls and is highly profitable in terms of electrolytic aluminium plates to maintain the company.
I don't know, cindasecuritiesco. ltd House No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing. Risk factors: less than expected production of aluminum seagulls; repeated drops in aluminium prices; carbon peaks.
Dong Mingbin, Master of Physics, Chinese University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for new materials, small metals, steel, etc.
Lin, George Washington University, Master of Financial Sciences, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for research on aluminium, lead, zinc, and precious metals. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical observations or observations in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.