Company evaluation report  Non-ferrous metal industry electrolytic aluminium volume has risen and company performance has continued to generate a stock of aluminium (000807.sz)
Investment events: the company published its semi-annual report in 2021, which generated revenue of $21,830 million in the first half of 2021, an increase of 80.89 per cent in the same year; the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 1325.01 per cent, and continued to update the record of the best single quarter performance in history.
The electrolytic aluminum volume increased by 30.89 per cent over the reporting period, and the production of the apogee was 20.67 per cent over the same period, despite the fact that the company had reduced its capacity for electrolytic aluminium production by approximately 637,000 tons due to electricity stress in Yunnan.
In the first half of 2021, the domestic average price of aluminum rose by 32.6 per cent to $17426.69 per ton on a year-on-year basis, and the price of aluminum increased and the self-sufficiency of raw materials increased the company ' s rate of aluminum electrolysis by 11.56 per cent to 26.26 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
It's worth $9.29 million for stock drops, shut down and dismantle equipment under environmental control, $319 million for construction in progress, no more mining rights, no more mining rights, $446 million more than in the same year, but the price of electrolytic aluminium continues to increase in the company's 2021h1 industry.
During the reporting period, companies promoted the development of new alloys, successfully developed intermediate alloys such as aluminum manganese and aluminium chromium, and experimented with the development of 8111 high-end soft-packed aluminum, 8021 cold-forming aluminum, etc.
New products: Casted aluminium alloy products were successfully approved by the world’s largest wheel manufacturer, Marco Rapidly, as the only qualified supplier in the country. Total corporate alloy operations in the first half of 2021 exceeded 1.5 million tons, with alloying rates exceeding 50%; aluminium alloys and aluminium processing products were produced.
The company’s adherence to the alloying development strategy and its ability to market alloy production lines and to create efficiency have effectively increased the value added and overall profitability of the company’s products. Investment proposals: Multi-area electricity restrictions across the country have severely affected electrolytic aluminium, both in carbon and under the control of energy consumption.
In the first half of 2021, the Commission issued a barometer of the achievement of energy consumption and control objectives in all regions. 9 provinces and cities experienced a similar increase in energy consumption, 10 provinces and cities with a low rate of demand, and 10 provinces and cities with a national energy-saving situation.
In a context of electricity stress, the reduced production capacity of electrolytic aluminium could not be restored as scheduled, new production could be delayed and supply of electrolytic aluminium would remain limited for the second half of the year, which would support the high cost of aluminium.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has been in the past.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.