On the evening of April 29, 2019, the company issued a quarterly report for the reporting period.
Hong Kong Central Settlement (agent benefit markets warming, brokerage, good management performance: companies netted brokering in the first quarter, while the increase in income was less than the increase in market transactions was mainly due to a low commission strategy (2.4 per cent) combined with last year ' s
And with the spread of investment sentiment, corporate revenues have been boosted, showing a leader. Over the last two years, the company added a "go to the road," and the pool-occupancy ratio was gradually raised.
Mobile end leads, and wealth management is improving: companies continue to move forward with the transformation of wealth management, and the building of the fintech, represented by the “Growing Wealth” , remains a bright spot. The “Growing Wealth” continues to lead the industry in the quarter, reaching 780.61 million monthly jobs in March 2019, after that.
The Internet voucher dealer, under the Eastern wealth banner, has a clear advantage over the back-to-back traditional bond dealers (422.07 million), Ping-Ain (3.9635 million), and Cin-Sin (3.7649 million). It is expected that the advantage of mobile end-to-end flows will further drive the growth of large financial management operations (transactions, sales, fund management).
Self-employment shows resilience and boosts performance: self-employment returns of $2204 million per quarter, higher than expected by the same year's annual report, aaa_investment downturn, financial management, $1 billion, an increase of 93.09 per cent over the same year, with investment returns for associated enterprises increasing by 101.19 per cent over the same year.
_aa_ shows a small decline in performance, due to an increase in the surplus of investments in the long-term equity category of +gdrli.
_aaa_Capital growth + international layout, new ipo for wealth management, which is delaying the start of the operation: the sum of $248 million in revenues from the joint venture by Huatai, a 39.11% decrease from the same year, is due mainly to the lack of progress on the ipo project during the quarter.
Research Assistant: Bong Kong/Kong Wenbin, and the projects involved include a number of companies in the field of innovation, such as Pharmacy Condé and Méri Medical Services, which judge that the public sector is leading the industry in terms of ownership and stock creation, and that the income of the ipo is expected to reverse in the second quarter.
As of March 9, the collection of major stockholders' state letters had increased by more than 5 million shares and the end-of-quarter share ratio showed that the company's wholly-owned subsidiary in North America, setmarks, had certified in secret to the United States as of March 7th.