The combination of the Sino-Yi San Exchange and the Wathai Securities (601688.sh) boosted the dynamism of the reform process, resulting in lower-than-expected self-defeating performance.
Reasons for the report: Annual paper published \triangleright Wealth Management Lead: Net proceeds from agency trading securities of 3,386 million yuan, down 20 per cent,
Interest net revenue of $3.01 billion, down 16%. 1) Brokering continues to be a leader. Stock-based transactions of $1,427 million remain industry-first, wealth increases 7.1288 million a month, and product sales increase. Digital wealth management platforms drive investment teams and wealth management capacity building.
Market data: 1 April 2019, with 28.98 per cent of clients, ranked first in the industry, with 174 million revenues from the sale of financial products, circulation a/total equity (billions):
Growth in revenue management, internationalization strategy: 1) 7% increase in income from entrusted asset management operations; decrease in the size and income of pooled and single-assembly management schemes, abs and size of public fund management management platforms) industry has a 10.20% share, ranking third.
While the new accounting standards are being implemented with increased volatility, investment returns of $2.411 billion have been significant.
Sundada: 2) There is a decline in the number of investors that is much lower than in the industry. 4% of the income of the number of investors (a 27% decline in the industry), third in the amount of shares (3th year, 17th) and eighth in the amount of bonds (7th year, 17th).
Merger and purchase reorganization amount number one (4th of 17 years) with steady increase in the ranking of the number of investors; 3) pb Business Enterprise Introduction of War-Advanced Incentives: Companies launched a mixed ownership reform in 2018 to raise 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
14.2 billion, introducing a diversified shareholder structure for strategic investors; promoting a career manager system, Shanxi Stock Company Limited, which is increasingly marketed as a reward incentive mechanism for companies to develop in the long term.
\triangleright's top-seller advantage, optimized remuneration mechanisms for the long-term growth of companies and a significant decline in the maintenance of the “buy-in” secondary market; capital market reforms have fallen short of expectations.
\triangleright