In the evening of March 29, 2019, the company published its annual report for 2018, which it did during the reporting period.
There are three main reasons for the Hong Kong Central Settlement (agent loss of investment, contraction of brokering, growth in delayed performance: the company ' s performance in 2018 was below expectations. On the investment side, the company ' s return on investment (including a change in fair value) was limited to:
The withdrawal was the core cause of the delays in operations, and the implementation of the new financial instruments guidelines further led to the investment of a market value (millions of dollars) of the liquidity shares and increased fluctuations in returns (afs equity investments with a book value of $17.02 billion were accounted for last year).
Fvtpl, a relative depth 300 index; on the brokering side, the company was affected as a leader in brokering transactions, with stock-based transactions falling by 24,95 per cent to 14.27 trillion, resulting in a steady decline in prices.
The advantage of wealth management remains, fintech+assetmark: Despite a significant decline in brokering volume and revenue, companies continue to have the highest rate of 7.12%. At the same time, companies continue to promote wealth management in the business model, as represented by Fintech.
Construction remains the biggest bright spot, with a coupon business app with an average monthly activity of 6.6369 million in 2018 (annual leaps continue to rise). On this basis, there has been some progress in the marketing of products, negative income growth _aaa_ performance has declined slightly, and an increase +gdr has been positive for the long term.
In addition, the company's offshore subsidiary, theassetmark, performed well, aaaa_capital growth + international layout by the end of 18 years, wealth management in the new tamp industry, third, internal and external wealth management linkages.
Aaahuahuathai Securities (601688): Research Assistant: Kensaku/Kowenbing Investments, steady capital management, ipo ranks second in terms of revenue from the operations of the Huathai Union in 2018
One hundred and forty-nine million yuan, down 4.41% from the previous year, outperformed the industry. Of this amount, the ipo was 18,775 million, with 13.66% of municipalities rising to the second highest level of industry (after Central Gold), and the projects involved included a number of high-quality innovation companies, such as Pharmacy Condé and Murray.
Reserve power. In terms of management, the company achieved a business income of $2,473 million, an increase of between 1 pc and 14.52 per cent over the same period, furthered by a more proactive management transition.
The system, together with the introduction of strategic investors such as Alibaba and Suningy, has increased capital strength and industry layouts. In 2019, the company gdr released its promise of landing, replenishing its capital by $500 million, while opening up overseas markets and opening up space for further development.
Leads the plate into a positive feedback cycle of valuation and performance, where firms are expected to benefit fully from the policy dividend as pioneers in capital market reforms, performance reversal periods, valuations, figure 1: changes in revenue from Watai securities operations (billions of yuan, %)
Figure 3: Trades in stock bases in Hua Thai (%) Figure 5: Valtay securities refinancing operations (billions, %) Figure 7: Changes in the size of stock administration in Hua Thai (billions, %)
Figure 8: Hua Thai Portfolio Business Structure (%) Figure 9: Hua Thai Portfolio Structure (%) Figure 10: Hua Thai Portfolio Investment Gains (%)