Corporate ratings — significant growth in self-employment in the non-banking financial sector, contributing to a significant improvement in performance
Recently, the company released its financial report for the first quarter of 2019.2 Our analysis and judgment
In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $6.248 billion, an increase of 45.65 per cent in the same year; net repatriation profit of $2.780 billion, an increase of 46.06 per cent in the same year; basic pers 0.34, an increase of 25.93 per cent in the same year, roe
(weighted average) of 2.66 per cent, an increase of 0.5 percentage points in the same year. In the income structure, 2019q1 companies accounted for 53.97 per cent of their own operating income, an increase of 19.77 percentage points in the same year, which is the main driver of performance growth. 2) Self-employed operations performed well and contributed to performance growth.
Information on the preparation of this report is provided on the achievement of revenue of 3,372 million yuan per quarter from self-employment of companies, an increase of $1,905 million, or 129.87 per cent, over the same period, which is the main reason for the growth in corporate performance.
Growth of 93.09 per cent; fair value change gain of $765 million, more than five times higher than the same period last year. The cumulative increase of 23.93 per cent and 36.84 per cent in the first quarter of 2019, driving corporate equity investments, and the significant increase in brokerage, resulted in a significant increase in revenue from management operations.
The market turned back and the revenue from brokering grew. The average daily turnover of the stock-base in the two deep markets grew by 21.08% over the same period, with companies leading the business against the backdrop of a warmer market, with companies achieving net revenue of $1,124 million, an increase of 14.05% over the same period.
Renovating, applying financial science and technology to upgrade smart marketing services platforms, actively promoting the integration of off-line and business-wide resources, using financial science and technology as an enabler for wealth management transformation, with companies achieving a net operating income of $712 million during the reporting period, an increase of 31.82 per cent over the same period.
Building on the resource advantages of the whole business chain, the company effectively moves towards proactive management, actively fostering sustainable, high-quality business models and significant growth in revenue from managed operations. (4) Investment income pressure and credit business revenue decline
In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved net operating income of $248 million, a decrease of 39.11 per cent. According to the same amount, in the first quarter of 2019, the amount of $64,566 million was paid by the head of the company ' s bonds in the first quarter, an increase of 234.73 per cent. Of the 98 companies that have now applied for listing, the company ' s principals are in the category of bonds, 7 were in the category of vouchers.
Corporate brokerage is well established, Internet layout is ahead, and the advantages of transforming wealth management are evident. Industry concentration continues to rise in logic, with companies acting as large bond dealers, in terms of size, size of assets, size, size of assets, size of assets, size of assets, size of assets, size of assets, size of assets, size of assets, size of assets, size of assets, size of assets, size of assets, size of assets, size of assets, size of assets, size of stock, value of value, value of wealth, value of wealth, value of wealth, value of wealth, value of wealth, value of wealth, value of wealth, value of wealth, value of wealth, value of wealth, wealth, wealth, wealth, wealth, wealth, wealth, wealth, and wealth.
There are advantages to business qualifications and talent. We look forward to the future of the company, together with the corporate base.