The decline in self-employment income has resulted in performance pressure and combined strength has remained at the forefront.
A net profit of $5.03 billion for the mother, or 45.8 per cent for the year, $5.01 billion for the non-mother, or 17 per cent for the year, and a 60 per cent decline in the weighted self-employment income, resulting in a significant year-round performance burden \triangleright
The decline in self-employment was most marked, with a 60 per cent decline, owing mainly to the impact of market environmental factors on investment, the overall decline in transactions, and the 17 years of new recognition of investment returns from associated enterprises, resulting in higher investment returns in the same year.
The building of platforms and investment teams continues to be dynamic, and the transformation of wealth management has contributed to the stabilization of business operations The 18-year stock-based trading volume of the company is 14.3 trillion yuan per annum - 25 per cent, ranking first in the industry, the revenue from brokering activities is first in the securities firm category for the same number of jobs, and 97 per cent of all accounts opened by mobile clients are opened in 18 years.
Corporate sales revenue from financial products was 170 million yuan per annum + 23 per cent, while the market share of the two markets remained at 5.8 per cent in the forefront of the industry. Equity underwriting remained dominant, and M&A restructuring ranked first in the industry \triangleright
In 18 years, corporate equity owners were ranked third in the 131.5 billion-dollar category, and bond owners ranked 20.43 billion-dollar and kept industry at a leading position, amounting to $11.4 billion. Pb business systems continued to improve, and investment transactions and management remained more competitive.
\triangleright Current pb business has become an important entry point for corporate services, with 18-year fund hosting numbers and sizes + 39% and 35% of the same, private fund hosting size of $8,49.1 billion largely stable, benefiting the business community.
In the area of investment management, private fund-raising initiatives are ranked fourth in the 226.5 billion a month average, with strong managerial power. The company uses technology as a path to transformation, maintaining its overall strength and strength, and currently evaluates pb.
(a) The company evaluation of the Washington Stock Exchange (601688): gdr fast-tracked, increased internationalization and capital empowerment.
Summarized of company financial statement data projections, Chen Xiang, China Social Science School, PhD in Business and Law, and post-doctor in Finance. Two years of experience in securities industry policy research. Joined in 2017 as a member of the civil securities industry. author with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,