High international passenger flow leads to profitable repairs, and non-air operations are resilient. \triangleright \triangleright
The company issued a quarterly report in 2025: 1q25 collected $3.17 billion, compared to +4.7 per cent, the mother ' s net profit was $520 million, compared to 35 per cent, the mother ' s net gain was $510 million, compared to 34 per cent. Airplane landings and passenger abstinence led to an increase in aviation revenues, and international passenger flows recovered to 2019.
\triangleright drove more than 80% of the unit price up in the same period. Two waves of passenger traffic, aircraft landings and landings in the same year, led to an increase in aviation income: 803,000 flights in 2024, +15% in comparison to 125 million passengers and +29% in comparison.
The company ' s aviation revenues were the same as + 27 per cent (the revenue associated with vomiting was the same as + 36 per cent). The recovery of international passenger flows to 83 per cent of the same period in 2019 led to an increase in the unit price of aviation revenue: in 2024, the overall international passenger flow returned to 84 per cent in 2019, and with the industry, the yellow crane.
The level of recovery has been flat (international flights resumed in 2024 to 84% in 2019), international passenger flows have been restored to two units in Shanghai, with revenue from throughput equal to +10%, income from one trip equal to +2%. Tax-exempt income under the new agreement has declined from the same time, and administrative costs have increased to a very high level.
\triangleright Zhang \n \n/n/n/n/n/n/n/n/n and we believe that corporate profitability performance has been suppressed by two factors: the same tax-exempt income under the new agreement.
Decline: In December 2023, the company announcement signed a supplementary agreement with Shanghai, Japan, which compares to the previous supplementary agreement, whereby rents were recognized in the form of international passenger traffic, and the rent and raise were restored to higher levels, but the yield and rent levels were significantly lower than before. In 2024, the company recognized tax-free rental income of $1.21 billion under the new supplementary agreement, compared to the comparable rate of $1.21 billion.
32%. We expect that tax-free spending on corporate profits will gradually decrease, with 1q25 confirming tax-free rent revenue of $340 million, which is equal, and that rents are expected to rise as international passenger traffic recovers and consumption recovers. Management costs rise in the same proportion: the profit impact will continue in 2025, and the company announced its equity incentive scheme in July 2024.
Other non-aerial businesses are resilient, tax-free shops and oil companies have a solid return on equity investments. 55% of other non-trangleright advertising, logistics and other non-trangleright receive a share of the rent, benefiting from a robust return to the low-drop momentum, and we expect the company's advertising rent to increase.
In addition, the company also benefits from the increase in the volume of air freight. Equity investment benefits are robust: Pudong oils, tax-free shares contributed $40 million and $160 million in 2024, respectively, and the company invested 32% of the un-chaampion, and the main shareholdings in the tax-free shop, contributing to the stability of equity investment, and we expect the company to continue to benefit from high-quality equity assets.
Investment proposals: Companies are central to the recovery of international demand and benefit from the expansion of foreign mobility, and despite short-term duty-free sales, the international passenger flow volume at Pudong Airport is of significant medium- and long-term value to tax-exempters. We anticipate a net return profit of 21.5, 25.6 and 2.93 billion yuan for the period 2025-2027, respectively, with current stock prices corresponding to each other.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.