It's a year-long strategy, and there's some kind of over-expectation.
We expect the company to sell 8.39 million tons of feed in 2017, compared to the same model that supports the compressed profits promotion of livestock, and therefore the profit and income growth base is expected to increase at a very high rate, and the volume of water produced will rise at a very high rate. The demand for increased consumption and the demand for replacements from re-farming.
The market space for aquatic materials will be further expanded. Environmentally friendly farming is growing, fish prices are expected to continue, and companies will be able to achieve higher performances for their high-value feed products, turning them into absolute leaders in the aquaculture sector.
The expansion of the company’s pig-plum plate is realized by means of a combination of endogenous growth. The pre-arranged production of self-build capacity and a large-scale balance sheet will result in a significant increase in the volume of pig-powder sales, for which the company’s position in the feed industry is not comparable.
The chain of industry has been extended to promote the main business. As a strategic block, pig farming has been steadily laid out, and it is expected that 1.
3. In-depth report of the Big Sea Group (002311): industry leader 4; event review of the Big Sea Group (002311): extension of the industry area, up-north of the Pork Steak Division 2017-09-18
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, and the Sea Group (002311).
By taking advantage of its own strengths, firmly focusing on feed-processing production, and in the face of intense competition in the industry, companies are expected to continue to increase their share of the market and increase their profitability by increasing their capacity for feed products. By contrast, aquaculture has continued, with high growth in aquaculture, and companies are expected to rely on services for marketing and product closings.
Adjustments have increased sales and profitability; pigs have entered the upward phase through self-build and M&A drives,18 poultry has been affected by industry downswings for 17 years, corporate poultry sales have remained almost flat, and poultry production has gradually recovered in the second half of the year, and companies are expected to rely on excellent cost-control capabilities and research and development capabilities for 18 years to compete for higher prices.
We expect the company to sell 8.39 million tons of feed in 2017, an increase of 14% over the same period, mainly because the company’s poultry is experiencing a slow increase in the impact of the ha7n9 flu, and the feed plate is expected to contribute around $24 billion.
Sales are expected to reach 1,086 million tons, an increase of about 2.5 million tons, or about 30 per cent. Considering the high profitability of aquatic materials, which would support the pattern of compressed profit promotion of livestock, it is expected that the profit increase will be in line with 1.1 aquaculture: industry events will help to market, restructuring the profits increase.
The combination of increased demand for water products as a result of rising consumption and the demand for alternatives as a result of re-farming would be a step forward in expanding the demand space for aquatic products. The growth of farmed areas under environmental stress is expected to continue, and fish prices are expected to continue.
In addition, the company has promoted aquaculture through such initiatives as service marketing promotion, Aquatic Bonding and Marketing, and the expansion of the market for specialized materials, which has become an absolute leader in the aquaculture sector.
1.1.1 The aquatic industry is a dynamic industry, with companies enjoying elasticity in their performance. Since 2000, the production of artisanal aquaculture products has grown rapidly, rising to over 70 per cent, and the total production of freshwater and mariculture has been increasing.
The Circular on Managing the Management of Total Marine Fisheries Resources specifies that, by 2020, total domestic marine capture production has decreased to 12 years of persistently depressed prices for water products, particularly as a result of the floods caused by the 16-year El Niño phenomenon and the removal of the environment, leading to a substantial phase-out of production capacity. In 17 years, imbalances in supply and demand have driven the price of water products to rise steadily.
In 2017, with the exception of carp prices, which remained largely flat, prices increased significantly, by 9.58 per cent, 12.73 per cent and 5.57 per cent, respectively. The prices of special fish and seafood also increased significantly. The rise in fish prices stimulated the incentive of farmers to feed and feed, and contributed to a recovery in the sale of aquatic products.
The source of financial growth in the East, both in terms of the increased density of farming and the significant expansion of aquaculture surfaces, is very difficult to achieve in the short term, so it is very difficult to make up for the short-term phase-out of productive capacity caused by the preservation of the environment and the dismantling of the grid, so we assume the price of fish.
The company's feed plate is backed by a strong purchasing team and a research and development team that can adapt procurement strategies and feed formulations in a timely manner to changes in the price of raw materials, to contain feed costs through fine management. The price of fish powder, the main ingredient of aquatic production, rose sharply this year.
The Division has been able to reduce its dependence on fish powder through technological upgrading and to circumvent the single raw material through multi-producer procurement, so the price increase is actually a coherent industry structure, the profitability of aquatic materials has expanded for companies, and it is expected that in 2018, the company ' s aquatic profit space will be increased in terms of volume, market expansion for pig and poultry.
The company has achieved a significant increase in profitability by adjusting its feed structure to increase the sales of high-end inflated materials and special aquatic products.
The company’s special high-end expansion of feed sales has increased by more than 40% on a year-on-year basis, pulling the company’s aqueous feed business by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis and raising the overall Māori ratio by 2 percentage points.
The market share of species, such as raw fish markets of over 200,000 tons, has now reached 120,000 tons; on the other hand, it has expanded the market by expanding new varieties, such as sea bass farming, which has gradually shifted from feeding ice fish to feeding feed. We expect that the company’s sales of special products will continue to grow at a high rate.
In 2006, the company pioneered the service marketing model, one of the first companies to raise the concept of service marketing. Over the next six years, it expanded its client base, relying on a full-flow service model and technical support based on “Spring + Emission Model + Environmental Control + Disease Control + Feeding + Performance Information”
Rapidly faster than the industry’s growth in sales and a significant increase in market ownership. East’s financial and intellectual booms 1.2 Pigs: A parallel build-up is expected to lead to an explosion in sales.
The expansion of the company's pork plate is achieved by means of a combination of in-house extension. In 2017, it is expected that the same amount of pig stock sales will increase by more than 50% over the same month, and that the pre-arranged self-build capacity and the configuring table will bring with it an endogenous perspective, with companies building new subsidiaries with good customer channels that have been established over the years by expanding the region.
On the other hand, the company will make full use of the four-dimensional synergies to replicate the successful experiences of poultry and aquatic materials and build the capacity of pig-food products. The company's traditional pig-food sector will be dominated by the development of full-priced materials, which will reduce the volume of profit sales.
With the release of pre-arranged pig production, the company’s full-price sale was $299 million in September of the year to buy 60% of Shandong’s stock. The acquisition has now been completed, and the group has become a controlling subsidiary of the company, bringing in more than 300,000 tons of pig food to the company from January 18th.
There are currently seven factories in Qingdao, Sektao, Jiangsu, Jiangsu, and the provinces of Shandong, Jiangsu, Hebei, Henan, and Anhui.
The Great Letter will also focus on the development of the front end, while companies will also integrate the advantages of full-price development with the Great Letter, which we believe is complementary and synergistic with companies in terms of regional, product, customer structure, and marketing of services.
A comprehensive upgrading of product and customer structures can be achieved by expanding the layout of the company's pig plate in the northern region.
During the first half of 2017, the poultry industry was affected by the closure of the live poultry market by the H7n9 flu, the industry as a whole was depressed, the poultry industry suffered a severe loss, and the size of the poultry stock continued to decline. In such a depressed industry, the company’s sales of poultry were almost flat. Market conditions were warming up in the second half of 2017, and the production capacity of the deep-cut phase-out was still needed.
Poultry farming is more concentrated and larger than pig farming. Thus, farmers have a strong ability to identify the quality of feed products, and the differences in product formulations, prices, positioning and service choices for users.
The impact is high on the integrated competitiveness of enterprises, including technology, procurement, R & D, production, marketing.
We expect that this year the company's sales of poultry will be basically 2. The industrial chain will be extended to facilitate the start-up of the main business, which is 2.1 pig farming.
The company-breeding model is based on a combination of self-sustaining and “company-farming” models, with around 300,000 in 2016, of which 100,000 are self-sufficient and 200,000 are “company-farming” models. The future expansion of the company-breeding model will rely mainly on the “company-farmer” model.
In the first half of 2017, seven new subsidiaries were added to speed up the distribution of land in Guangdong, Guangxi, Lake South, Hubei, Guizhou, etc., and the current land resources are likely to support the company’s ability to produce 5 million pigs over the next four to five years. On this basis, the company signed up with the Governments of Guangxi, Guizhou, Qingxi, etc.
The strategic cooperation agreement, which involves 5 billion yuan in the framework agreement, has a capacity of 4 million people. The company has a steady pace of pig farming, which is expected to take place in the next two years in a state of layout and in the formation of talent and teams.
The feed plate is strongly supported by a rapid expansion of farm size and improved industrial chain layout, coupled with the promotion of pig-powder, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth, and the company's farm-breeding plate is still under construction, with 17 years of basic balance of profit and loss and is part of the company's strategic section.
2.2 Motivated seedlings contribute to new performance growth points. The company's current seeding operations are also concentrated in the aquaculture sector, and as the two wings of feed sales, not only contribute significantly to the marketing of feed, but the development of the plate itself contributes to new growth points in the company's performance.
In 2016, the country produced 19.3 million tons of water feed, initially judging the size of the market to be between 8 billion and 10 billion. At more than 10% of the company’s market share in aquaculture feed, current feed sales can support at least 8 to 1 billion tons of it.
The seedlings are mainly fish seedlings and shrimp seedlings. Shrimp seedlings are becoming more stable, resistant to disease, and are now performing well in their own systems. Fish seedlings have been developed, varied, and sexually stable for more than a decade.
The company has also been working with the country’s aquatic institutions to develop and develop breeding techniques, such as grassfish, rashfish, yellow mackerel, and so on, and has developed a database on breeding. The company has also been active in research and development in collaboration with the country’s aquatic institutions, and excellent breeds have been well publicized in the markets of China, China, China, and South China. In April 2017, three of the company’s varieties were published by the Ministry of Agriculture as water.
The source of financial prosperity in the East,1 the revision of forecasting assumptions, the upward revision of sales of aquatic and pig food, and the downward revision of sales of poultry. Overall, corporate management has a clear strategy and the necessary enforcement power. Aquaculture is projected to be 18 years old.
Businesses can be sustained, and companies are expected to achieve higher yields of aquaculture by virtue of their purchasing power. A backlash from the bottom of a poultry is expected to be longer than expected. The company, as a leader in the feed industry, has a strong degree of certainty about the steady growth of net revenue, historically less than expected sales of water, less than expected expansion of pig food, and the risk of price volatility, livestock and aquatic disease.
Source of the financial boom in the East, the Big China Group (002311).
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the Cheng Yug Liang Awards. The top 10 prizes (eighth place) for research in the industry of the 2012 China Securities Industry Awards were presented by Yang Yang.
Xing Poetry Month, University of Maryland, USA, Master of Finance, in 2017, joined the East Hing Portfolio for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.