Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
The state cellar is showing a remarkable year-round profit increase close to the forecast ceiling: the company announced a year-round increase of 5.28 per cent in 2020 and a net return profit of $6.01 billion, a 29.39 per cent increase in the same year.
Since the outbreak, companies have taken the initiative of allocating tasks, raising prices on a small scale, moving prices up steadily, and paying back better. In 2020, high demand for alcohol became more acute when the epidemic blocked consumption.
High-end products have been less affected, with profits increasing faster than income growth, as a result of higher product structure throughout the year. q4 income performance met expectations. 2020q4 achieved business income of $5,054 million, an increase of 16.5 per cent, and a net return of $1,190 million, an increase of 40.6 per cent.
The increase in the income ring is mainly due to the improvement of the epidemic, which has led to a further recovery in the demand for alcohol in the middle of the fourth quarter.
In terms of size, the revenue from sales in 2022 amounted to $20 billion.
In a two-brand strategy, the company's high-end branding of the white wine, represented by its guest, 1573, seeks a return of value. We believe the high-end wine market has been expanded.
The old cellars of Xiangzhou (000568), "The old cellars of Xiangzhou: a guest, a stable pattern, the company still has a great potential in brand power and market expansion, to anticipate changes in the market and to wait for the power of the brand. "
There is still much room for improvement in the proportion of high-end alcohol compared to the low-five, which is now about 60% of the income of the country's customers. Moreover, the advert sales continue to grow, with the old word for it.
Over the past five years, the terminal price has doubled and will be located in the future with a 300-dollar price belt, the 60th edition of the special, as a cashier's product.
This year, the high end of the epidemic was highlighted by the company’s offer for Henan to fight, and continue to add up to the high end. The demand to deal with part of the epidemic’s consumption disappeared, the company offered to allocate tasks, and the price of the country’s customers was stable.
Practice Qualification Code: Step up, channel confidence up, return positive. Next thing you know, you're going to have to do it in the spring season. Open the door, apply the quota system, and reduce the amount of money that has been generated by the larger return from the past spring market.
Gold pressure to prevent price disruptions due to the need for money to return to the market, and to provide a back-up and security for the price of the batch. Looking ahead, in 2021, the pre-spring channel stock was low, the price of the cellar was steadily rising to $880-890, and the channel feedback was positive for the country’s revenue growth plans throughout the year.
In the medium and long term, the company’s 14th Five-Year Plan is positive, the country’s customers are trying to get their value back, and high-end wine is high.
The climate is certain, the revenue share of the cellar is expected to increase, the price of the special end is rising, and the market is doing better. We look at the price strategy of the company’s cellar brand and the space for future development, and we expect to maintain the price rise at the high end of the year and restore double-digit growth at the lower and middle ends.
Consumer demand slowed down, competition increased, and sales of high-end liquor slowed down in the company.
North China sales. North China sales. East China sales director.
Vice-Director of sales, sales, sales, sales, sales.
Washington, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
South China sales director, South China sales deputy director, South China sales director.
South China, South China, 9 North Street, Beijing West Side, Beijing.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.