We're looking forward to the spring of 2021.
Chen Qingqing's food and beverage perspective: 1) The 2020 performance range is in line with expectations, and the country's population is contributing to a major increase.
At the same time, the company moved into action in 2021, looking forward to a proactive adjustment of the ramp, while brands, such as the old Xuantue in Xiangzhou, are gradually working to create sub-high cores, with the prospect of a two-wheel drive. Keeping up with the previous profit forecast, the 2020 performance range is in line with expectations, and the state’s cellar volume has contributed to a major increase in growth.
We believe that the faster growth in corporate performance is mainly due to the higher prices of state cellars and the contribution of product structure upgrades: 1) direct increases in corporate performance since 2019, with four price increases in state cellars, 2) after the second quarter of the year, three seasons of demand have been able to increase the volume of goods delivered by the company during the quarter, which has risen successfully throughout the year; 3) the country’s passenger ratio has increased. Meanwhile, due to the effects of the epidemic, there has been a double drop in the sale of low-end alcohol in companies in the previous three quarters, and a recovery in four quarters is expected, but a rise in the share of state cellars has been observed throughout the year.
In 2021, during the opening of the spring festival, the 14th victory was won. According to the dealer feedback, the cellar is currently at about $870, the channel stock is at a low level for about a month, and the dealer's spring campaign requires a year-round comparison.
It is 35-40% heavy, with the completion of the 2020 mission having a better current rate of borrowing normal. On January 4, the company asked the Treasury to buy $1050/bottles for the Classic High Envelope Group, $1399/bottle retail price, $750/bottle low price, $799/bottle retail price, price increase for product guidance, and 14-year development start-up year, and it will do its best to win the game.
The Department's achievements over the past five years have been enormous, with the cellar successfully entering the 10 billion single sequences, an orderly breakthrough in the weak market, and better growth dynamics in 2021. The cellar development path is clear, with a 2025 sword to 30 billion plus.
In the medium- and long-term, the cellar will continue to enjoy high-end alcohol expansion and higher prices from the low-end prices. In the medium-to-long run, companies will continue to do so.
The local market strategy works, and the continued precision of replicable model markets is expected to drive rapid growth in the cellars.  Investment proposal: maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Robust product country guests will continue to be in a state of high volume prices and brand power will continue to rise, while brands such as the old sculptor special are gradually working to create sub-high core monoliths, which are expected to achieve a double-wheel drive. The previous profit forecast will be maintained, with a net profit of 58.91/70.886.334 million expected for the mother in 20-22 years, and the authors will ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on their own professional understanding, and, by reasoning judgement and conclusions, will be objective and fair.