With the return of the profit end to a reasonable rate of increase, it is expected that the 4q20 high-end wine cellar will continue to grow by more than 1573 even digits.
1q20 was affected by the epidemic, the company was determined to stop the goods to ease the pressure on dealers, 2q had the need for the cellars to recover quickly, 3q had the revenue end to recover continuously, the surcharge cost to slow down the plan, 3q had the benefit of a single quarter, and 53% more had released profit elasticity, but that factor was probably unsustainable, with 4q projected to be based on
The demand side is largely back to normal, with the company earning end or continuing 3q acceleration; sub-high end company prices compared to the depth of 300.
The gap between the price of real estate wine and the price of the market is 100 to 200 yuan. The low-end dividend will continue, the price of the cellars will continue, or it will stay steady up to the high-end wine, and the current situation will continue to hold up the low-end dividend, which is likely to be sustained in the medium term.
The price of the five grain fluids below is still high. In 2020, the five grain master brand control + adjustment structure, with a price of less than $900 up to $970 and stable, and the cellar firmly following the strategy, with a price of less than $800 up to $860, is expected to be in 2021 for the five grains.
Regionalized penetration is still spatial, the platform’s corporate model is likely to be replicated, the cellar presents nationalized brands, regionalized strong features, and weak market uplifting space remains large, 2020.
During the battle, the company Henan introduced the Kutai platform model, planning the sale of the cellars for 20-22 to be $5, $800 million and $1.2 billion, respectively; according to the plan of the national cellar sales company, the "Cities Model Market Building" will be advanced during the 1455 period, and the "2358" regional development strategy will be developed.
Selection of nine model markets, including Shanghai, Shenzhen, Zhengzhou, Chengdu, etc., platform model 1.
As the third brand of high-end white wine, the national cellar will continue to benefit from the low-end dividend, which will be added to the national cellar itself.
The base for brand revival is now in place at the top of the ten-deutt cards. The estimated revenue of the maintenance company from 2020 to 2022 is $167, 18.9 billion, 21.1 billion, and the demand group for the pagodas returns; the price of the cellars, the profit from the channels, the profit from the end, is less than expected; and the ten-deuts are expected.
The report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, using data and information from the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.