Food beverages, Xiangzhou (000568), with good structural upgrades & cost controls, driving high performance growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company released a fast-track report on its performance for the year 2020, with revenues of $16.65 billion, +5.3 per cent for the year and $6.01 billion for the mother, +29.4 per cent for the year; of these, 2,055 million, +16.4 per cent, +1.19 billion, +40.6 per cent for the mother, which is in line with market expectations, with profits at the end of the year.
Product structure upgrades & lower cost inputs drive high performance growth. 1. Middle- and low-end alcohol was hit by the 2020 epidemic, with an estimated negative year-round growth, but the internal structure of medium- and low-end alcohol is expected to increase more markedly. By contrast, the 20h1 cellar has grown by double digits, rising to 62%;
Direct price increases and demand recovery, with the 20h2 cellar sales largely returning to normal at a rate of more than 20 per cent, which is one step higher than the next, driving the product structure to optimize faster. 2. The impact of the epidemic is a clear shock to consumer scenes such as meals and dinners, reduced company input to ground-based outreach activities such as the Symposia, the Seven Stars and so forth, and sales costs.
The cellars continue to grow in double digits, with sales of the 20h2 cellars largely returning to normal, and continue to run high-end alcohol at a faster rate, branding and growth resilience are beyond market expectations.
At the beginning of the year, $780 was raised to $860 at the end of the year, and batch prices have been rising steadily to open up the price space, and many price increases have been made during the year.3 In terms of the market, for the third consecutive year since 2017, the emerging market’s basement consumption climate has become stronger and is expected to continue to grow.
• Short-term performance is flexible and the logic of medium- and long-term development is growing. In the short term: the lower base of demand recovery, price increases and 20q1, 21q1 product series is expected to grow at a high rate, with a one-quarter opening period. In the long term, the size of the cellar operates in a context of a long-term high price of one, a long-term low price for the pot.
It will continue to benefit from the rapid expansion of the 1,000 dollar price belt. 2. Through five years of high-intensity branding and atmosphere, the power of the brand is accelerating: at the same time, with the ability to operate through excellent channels, companies will explore efficient and replicable market openings, and emerging markets like East China, South China and Henan will continue.
1. Cemetery (000568), product structure upgrades and fees, contribution increases. 3. The Serial Marketing Company plans to achieve $20 billion + in sales by 2022, with a reduction in target rates leading to high performance growth.
The entry guidelines are more positive; and performance elasticity will be more positive, taking into account the scale effects of income expansion.
The continuous release of the super-nationalized expansion has gone well, and the company has performed the most resiliently in the three high-end liquors, maintaining 3. The state cellars (000568), which have led to high performance, and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.