The old cellar in Xiangzhou is performing as expected, and 1573 will continue to benefit from the 1,000-dollar-carriage expansion of the performance of the old cellar in Xiangzhou.
Net gains increased by 20-30% in the same year in 2020, with the fastest increase in the first line of alcohol. Of these, the median net gain of 4q20 was 990 million, an increase of 16.6% in the same year, and we judge the increase in revenue and net gains to coincide with the increase in net gains. (1) In 2020, the number of guests grew better and brands increased.
The Division has put in place a number of policies relating to stoppages, cancellations of oversupply points, upturning of foreign customers ' settlement prices at 1573, application of quotas by distributors on the basis of invoices, etc. to ensure that prices and stock levels remain benign, with the adjustment for the first half of the year providing a solid basis for the second half of the year ' s speed up.
At $890, $600, the price of the five grain fluids has been more successful in following the strategy. On the feature, it was upgraded in the second half of 19 and the epidemic led to a longer adjustment cycle, with the year 2020 still at the adjustment stage. (2) According to the microbarrel news, since September 10, the price of the classic stock exchange has risen, and the product has been on the rise since September 10th.
The rise in prices is a positive contribution to income, and we judge that the 4q20 high-priced liquor store continues to grow better, and that the overall harvest is expected to grow in tandem with the net profit. As the epidemic attests to the company’s excellent managerial and end-control capabilities, 1573 will continue to benefit thousands.
As we mentioned in our previous in-depth report, excellent management and terminal control is one of the company's core competitiveness, with customers recovering relatively quickly after the outbreak, and sales policies implemented precisely, as evidence of our judgment. High-end white brand barriers, low-end, low-end, high-end branding barriers.
With a clear pattern of high-end white wine from the five grain fluids and the state cellar 1573, 1573 will continue to benefit from the expansion of the market at a 1,000-dollar belt. According to the microbarrel news, the company’s 1453 program defines the target of 1573 as a high-standard development target, illustrating the company’s confidence in its future development.
In the short term, with the lower base of the previous year, the 1q21 income is expected to show a strong return in sales.
The same year, 24%, 19%, and 16% increased their ratings. The impact of the epidemic is higher than expected.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing