High-end products are growing robustly and are expected to grow faster in a quarter — a fast-track assessment of the performance of Cedars (000568), in 2020 : a fast-track performance report for 2020 was issued by Cedars, which achieved business income of $16,653 million for the year, in the same vein
This represents a 5.28 per cent increase in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $6.06 billion, a 29.39 per cent increase in the same year, and a significant increase in net interest rates. The growth in performance is mainly due to the growth in sales of high-end core products of companies.
As a result of the increase in the Māori rate of the overall product, the cost rate fell during the company period, mainly as a result of a reduction in publicity activities during the epidemic, a decrease in the cost of sales, and a 6.72 percentage point increase in the net interest rate of the parent company to Oyang Woo Sword.
The cellar has a clear “new $10 billion” target, continues to be active in emerging markets, with high-end alcohol becoming more resilient to the effects of the epidemic, accounting for about 60% of the revenue in the first half of 2020, and is expected to increase further throughout the year. The cellar has published the 14th Five-Year Plan, in 2022.
During the low-end alcohol epidemic, pressure continued, with a slight drop in the share expected. The specials priced 300 dollars as a middle-end product with an increase in the company’s contribution to another single item, and the special 60 sales revenue exceeded 1 billion dollars.
The sub-region looks at the continued deep-deepness of the cellars in mature markets like the south-west, and continues to nurture emerging markets such as China East, the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center.
The Henan War will bring the planned sales to $1.2 billion in 2022. The 14th Five-Year Plan is to be set up in Shanghai and Chengdu.
To continue to increase market ownership and nationalized brand advantages, and to continue to grow at a fast pace.
According to the source, since 2021, the city's high and new neighborhoods have been closed.
China Sea International Centre, 17, has continued to raise prices for the products under the flag, to raise the Group purchase price and retail price of the cellar, 1573, to eliminate the quotas for the cellar scheme in February, and to eliminate the March quota in some areas.
Good marketing, 40 per cent recovery, expected end-out growth of about 25-30 per cent, current end-stock stock maintenance company “upper” rating, back to 2020, where companies made steady increases in prices, improved channel confidence and net gains.
Looking ahead, in 2021, during the Spring Festival, you will benefit from the policy of annualization, good marketing, and the method of producing this report using legally compliant information, independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.