Year-round performance meets expectations, and the number of guests is expected to rise at a very high price - An event: An annual performance forecast for 2020 was issued by the Cemetery of Suzhou, which is expected to be placed on the market by 2020
The core product sales are growing steadily, driven by a two-wheel drive. By the end of the product, high-end wine (the national cellar) is going to rise even further; the medium- and low-end alcohol is affected by the epidemic, with a slight drop in the expected harvest ratio, with a special feature.
Middle-end products will be priced at $300 as an increase in the company’s contribution to another single item. In the medium and long term, it is expected that the company will continue to grow robustly.
Auyang Woo's sword is going to break 30 billion + a year; on the brand, the cellar, 1573, insists on the branding of "sweet wine" and strengthens it around the six dimensions of "stable quality, branding, price raising, scale-up, profit."
The bulk of the product continues to raise prices, the batches continue to be strong, and the year-round performance is high, 28 Peace Rixie Street, Beijing West Side, and, according to the batch price, the gallows continue to stand at around $860-870.
Central China International Center, 15th floor, all right, channel inventory, terminal stock for about a month. From retail end, companies keep making price adjustments for the products under the flag, with tops, seconds, specials, and so on.
The price of a group purchase and retail sale on the 1,000th of Shanghai, China, China, and China, 52nd/46th/38th, will further safeguard the company's performance and increase the profit margins.
to maintain the company's “uptake” rating into the Sichuan Free Trade Experiment in the city's high-news area.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.