Profit better than expected, 1450 future period Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Income recovery quarterly, q4 profit better than expected
The q1 year was affected by the epidemic, the firm stopped in a decisive manner to reduce the pressure on dealers' stocks, the q2 galleries needed to recover quickly, the q3 end of revenue continued to recover, the build-up cost slowed down to the plan, the 3q one-quarter profit end released profit elasticity with a 53% increase, and the q4 end of revenue continued to increase by 3q.
The profits continue to rise, mainly due to a reduction in outreach activities and a significant drop in the same cost ratio. The low-end dividend will continue, and the price of the cellars will continue steadily upwards.
In view of the high quality of alcohol, the current situation is still priced, so the mid-term low-end dividend rate is likely to be sustained, with the five grain fluids below and the state cellar price still rising. In 2021, the five grain master brands increased the non-targeting of the product, and the structural optimization of the batch is on the threshold of a thousand yuan; the cellar is firmly following strategy, and the price is approved.
It's got 900. The NRC has been active in the 14th Five-Year Plan, selling 20 billion calibres in 2022, and the regionalization is still spatial, and the platform company model is expected to be replicated.
The company Henan War introduced the company model of the Kutai Platform in 2020-2022, planning for the sale of the cellars, which, according to the scheme of the cellar sales company, will promote “the creation of a model market for urban clusters” during the 1455s, developing a “2358” regional development strategy, to the south-east, selected to include Shanghai, Shenzhen, Zhengzhou,
The platform’s corporate model is expected to be replicated over time in nine model markets, including Chengdu.
The cellar (000568); The cellar continues to rise, the special is awaiting recovery, the channel for building power and the channel end-of-interest community, the prospect of rising prices over the next three years; the 10 detonic cards are at the second end of the price belt, and the foundation for brand revival is in place, and only to be eliminated.
“Waaan _ Securities _ Research _ Evaluation Report _ Old Cereals (000568); 2020 steady collection, 1455 future starter demand group returns; state cellar bulk prices, channel profits, end profits fall short of expectations; 10 DETs
The report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, using data and information from the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.