The power, infrastructure, water resources and environmental services account for 64.3 per cent of the total new contracts, 29 per cent of the companies are leading energy and electricity construction companies, and are absolutely the same in the field of water extraction and energy construction.
At a time when companies are also pushing for power investment operations to build a new pattern of development. With steady growth, new capital investments are expected to add up as important catchers, and we believe that corporate business is expected to grow steadily.
The total amount of the contract was 57,019 million yuan, or 2.3 per cent, of which 36,637 million yuan, 16,554 million yuan and 2,183 million yuan were new contracts for energy power, infrastructure, water resources and environmental operations.
The amount of the project contract is growing rapidly over the same period.
Over the next year, capital investment will remain an important bottom-up tool and corporate performance is expected to continue to grow steadily: in the near future, institutional investors account for the share of liquiditya.
The Central Economics Workshop, which emphasized that 2023 is still a steady and steady year. Given the downside risks that may be associated with the need for the coming year and the uncertainty surrounding the recovery of domestic consumption as a result of the epidemic, we believe that capital investment remains important in the context of steady growth.
In recent times, the State Council ' s Standing Meeting has stressed that the need to promote major projects with more in-kind work and to ensure that projects that meet the conditions for construction during the winter do not stop reflects the fact that infrastructure is an important force in stabilizing the economy under the shock of the epidemic. In addition, the Central Economic Conference has mentioned that the next year will be positive.
Fiscal policy needs to be effective, maintain the necessary fiscal spending intensity, optimize instruments such as portfolio deficits, earmarked debt, and interest rates, and we expect government investment and earmarked debt levels to increase next year to support robust growth in capital investment. Companies, as pioneers in new infrastructure, are expected to benefit from this.
Capital investment continues to be added.