In January-November 2022, the company entered into a new contract amounting to approximately 933.2 million yuan, an increase of 50.1 per cent over the previous year; of this amount, 784.1 billion yuan were signed in China, while the amount of new contracts signed for the same power, infrastructure, water resources and the environment accounted for the cumulative amount of the new contract.
42.7 per cent, 36.5 per cent, 18.6 per cent. Order surges and drops; (2) Sub-operations show that 36.6 billion per cent of energy power was generated in November, and that the capital is still the main line of growth.
The Department of State ' s standing meeting will be held, with the deployment of a comprehensive package of economic policy measures that will be put into effect in order to boost the economy ' s stability base, maintain its operations in reasonable areas, and offer to promote major project construction and equipment upgrading to create more physical workloads, and to ensure that projects that meet the conditions for construction in the winter do not stop.
Industry, major project construction and equipment upgrading will continue to play an important role in expanding investment costs in the current and future periods, and companies are expected to continue to benefit. Clean energy development leads, with a strong competitive edge in the whole industry chain.
Integrating (planning, design, construction, etc.) capabilities and performance are among the highest in the world, accelerating the strategic transformation, and increasing strategic focus and resource allocation towards the three core sectors of energy power, water-related operations, urban construction and infrastructure.
Exploration design and construction of solar power projects, operation of core technical systems, adequate systems of technical services, technical standards and science, technology and innovation in the field of hydropower, representing the country ' s competitive power, and international leading capacity in hydroelectric engineering and survey design, global water
There is an advantage in “input” integration. Companies have the capacity to invest in financing, design, construction packages, operation management and equipment to create the advantage of the entire industry chain and provide integrated solutions.
The focus is on strengthening the four main industrial chains of energy power, water resources and the environment, integrated urban regional development and modern transport, constantly upgrading to the higher end of the value chain on the basis of the integration of industrial chains, enhancing the capacity for resource integration, and building modern chains of open, cooperative, mutually beneficial and win-win industries.
The number of water-energy sand cities, integrated construction camps” is the focus of corporate development, the integrated development of water-energy sand cities is the unique advantage of the company as distinct from other construction firms, the restructuring of the company and the integration of investment camps, the acceleration of development and the further enhancement of market competitive advantages.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, issuers of securities, and public listings.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.