High growth in the performance of information technology hardware and equipment in line with expectations, one-stop providers of precision devices for light communications events: company annual reports for 2020, yielding operating income of $873 million.
The profit was $261 million, an increase of 75.36 per cent. In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved operating income of $243 million, an increase of 55.45 per cent in the same year; the return to the mother ' s net profit of $7,197 million, an increase in the same year.
The accelerated construction of the network infrastructure and continued investment in the expansion of the data centre, the increased efficiency of the company’s multiple product lines, the increase in the size of the production capacity and the amount of the order, and the positive contribution of the sophisticated optical and polar photovoltaic systems in Pansu State.
Quick-ray engine product layout. Corporate R & D costs 77.3 million yuan in 2020, a 38 per cent increase in the same year, and the high-speed light engine project, which is precisely timed, will match downstream 400g light modules with total equity/flow (million shares)
Volume. Lightcounting predicts a global total of 400g light modules delivered in 2020 at a total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of $777 million in net funding, this time to raise funds for a high-speed 5g and data centre.
Light engine construction projects. The light engine projects are used for 400 g and above in the high-speed traditional stand-alone light module and silicon light module, where companies accurately capture market demand, pre-position, and can effectively enhance their competitiveness in the field of high-end optical devices, which will be the future growth point for companies.
From a single product line, based on its own R & D and external M & D, the company develops into 15 large product lines and eight solutions. Multiple product lines have been scaled up and are gaining ground.
By 2021, the company will be enriching the company’s product lines, promoting rapid growth in capacity-building and technology development, and enhancing its ability to serve as a one-stop provider of precision devices for optical communications.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.