High performance growth, one-stop lightware platform in the future, one-day annual report on Moul Communications 2020, first-quarter report evaluation in 21 million yuan, an increase of 67.03 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profit attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $279 million, an increase over the same period in the previous year
2) The company released its report for the first quarter of 2021 on 23 April 2021, during which period it achieved operating income of $241 million, an increase of 55.45 per cent over the same period: the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was $70 million, an increase in the profitability of the company over the same period the previous year.
The Unit increased to 52.80% compared to the trend of depth 300, with q1 rising to 54.04% in 2021, and corporate profitability rising.
For-profit space, SkyFoot Communications, as an upstream lightware supplier, raises the Māori sales rate year after year under the characteristics of this industry by billions of yuan, an increase of 233.14 per cent in the same year, representing 13.34 per cent of total operating income and 6.65 percentage points higher than in 2019. According to data published in vum in 2016, the global market for lightware accounts for 83.10 per cent of the source devices.
Unsourced devices account for 16.90% of the market share. By expanding the high-speed optical devices encapsulating the oem/odm product line, companies cut into the active lightware market from the unsourced lightware market, with a significant increase in revenue from the sale of active light devices in 2020 and an improvement in the product structure.
\triangleright \light module industrial chain downstream is telecommunications and digital market, driven by double-market demand, and the upstream lightware industry has a great view.
The market for light modules in the telecommunications sector slowed down, domestic demand for 5g base stations dropped markedly in 20 years q4, and research assistant: Forkine q1 market remained low in 21 years, and corporate revenues in telecommunications will be affected by this.
But considering the year-round numbers of the 5g base stations, 21 years of construction progress is expected to rebound, which will boost the growth of corporate income. In contrast to telecommunications, the market for light modules in a wide range of fields is promising and market growth is more certain.
Measuring that 628 megadata centres are expected to be available globally by 2021, with optical device manufacturers benefiting from a wide range of areas of self-research + M & A horizontal integration to build a one-stop service platform for optical devices \triangleright
The company, starting with the oxidized porcelain pipe line, is constantly enriching the product line through endogenous R & D, extended M & As. The company has been developing rapidly in terms of capacity, technology, and research.
The annual performance forecast shows excellent performance growth, with high-speed optical devices, light separators, high-density cable connectors, fibre-optic lens arrays (lensarray), default devices, fa, awg, high-speed light engines, and many new product lines.
In recent years, the company’s old product lines in the lightless device category have grown steadily, involving the encapsulation of source devices and new osaoodm.
The unsourced device solution achieves sales revenue. These include the awgwdm series, the tffwdm series, the sr column, the cable connector series, and the psm4. (2) High-speed light device covers oem/odm to achieve sales revenue.
Greater market space, creating new paths for scale expansion and increased Maori rates.
The target increase, which amounts to $777 million in net funding, is being used for a high-speed light engine project for 5 g and data centres. The demand for light modules in the digital and telecommunication fields is constantly increasing, and silicon light technology is of interest to the city.
In the process, the process built by companies on the basis of plastics, metals, ceramics, glass, etc. for more than 10 years can be applied to new products, as well as to raw materials, manufacturing equipment, etc.
Some of them can be used together, and companies will have significantly reduced production costs; while the production of high-intensity high-speed light engines can boost sales of old product lines and achieve breakthroughs in business income growth; finally, all products are lightware, with the same line of downstream customers, which can easily open the market further.
Two comparable companies in the reference module industry valued the average pe in 2021 at 23.8 times, and considered the high profile of the spectrometer industry and the certainty of company growth to maintain a “recommended” rating. High-speed luminous engine development fell short of expectations, new coronary outbreaks repeated, and trade frictions between China and the United States.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, fair, and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.