Year 2020: high annual and quarterly performance sustained 25/04/2021, two-wheel-drive long-term development of connectivity and telecommunications
Research assistant Yao Jiuhua : On 22 April, the annual report for 2020 and the performance report for 2021q1 were published by the Tianfu Communication, which achieved gross operating income of $873 million for the year 2020, an increase of 67.03 per cent;
One billion yuan, a 55.45 per cent increase in the same year; a 70 million yuan increase in the net return to the mother, a 50.83 per cent increase in the same year; and a rapid growth in performance and a sustained improvement in business status: In the year 2020, Skyfu achieved a 67.55 per cent increase in total business growth. Of this, q4 q4 q217 million gross operating income, an increase of 55.44 per cent in the same year.
Realization of a net return to the mother, 65 million yuan, an increase of 60.19 per cent over the previous year, and an increase of q3 (80.43 per cent over the same period) ▪ sustained and increased investment in research and development to accelerate the deployment of high-speed light engine products: year-round communications in 2020; investment, with a focus on increasing the development of high-speed light engines and accompanying products to help clients accelerate
The process of research and development of high-speed products, moving towards high-technology thresholds, high value added, high-integration products, straight-up extension to provide a holistic solution for downstream light module clients; on the other hand, companies continue to increase the introduction of large R & D professionals through a combination of in-house culture and external introduction.
Create a team of excellence in research and development.  Interconnection with the telecommunications market, product structure optimized: thanks to the continued construction of the global 5g network and data centre, market demand grew faster throughout the year, while telecommunications networks and data centres were used
The speed of the optical module also shows a gradual upward trend. Growth in demand and the rate of upgrading 1, Fibre Communications (300294): year-round push for the expansion of company lines, strategic layouts of Lensarray, opticalfilter and wdm
Performance meets expectations, product lines are imported into many of the core products and technologies of the optical device, and become a global lightware field with multiple materials, multi-profits, industry demand, high speeds and robustness.
Advanced Solution Company for Crafts, Multi-Technology Routes, Gradual Growth from Product-type to Platform-type Companies, 2021-01-26 High Performance Growth Equity Incentive Scheme, Ziang
High climate, smooth import of new products, three, one light module, continued upwards, further ups and ups in 2020, with steady improvement in business performance and continued good performance.
The gross operating income of Tienfu Communications was 873 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 67.03 per cent in the same year, and a net return of 2.79 million yuan, an increase of 67.55 per cent in the same year. Significant improvements in company performance were achieved by the continued construction of the global 5g network and data centre, as well as forward-looking product layout and growth in research and development inputs over the years;
The company’s management team benefited from a deep understanding and decisive decision on the core technology of the industry. Of these, o4-quarters realized gross revenues of $217 million, an increase of 55.44 per cent, a decrease of 40.76 pp over the same quarter, and q3 (96.20 per cent), a decrease of q3.76 pp; and q1-quarters, 2021, a gross operating income of $243 million, an increase of 55.45 per cent, a return to the mother.
The net profit was $70 million, an increase of 50.83 per cent over the same period, and a decrease of 9.36 pp from 2020q4 (60.19 per cent) over the same period. The sharp increase in the harvest during the quarter was due mainly to the impact of the epidemic last year, the significant decline in O1’s performance, and the company’s recent efforts to develop high-quality customers, both within and outside the country, and to boost the marketing of data centre products.
1.2. There has been an increase in profitability and steady growth in cash flows. The profitability of corporate products has increased. The Māori sales rate was 52.80 per cent throughout 2020, which is good compared to the previous three quarters. Net operating cash flows of $240 million were generated throughout 2020, an increase of 35.44 per cent over the same year.
Net cash flows from operating activities in four quarters alone were 66 million yuan, an increase of 143.76 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from q4 sales of current q1 operations were 85 million yuan, an increase of 9.36 per cent over the same period, and cash sales as a proportion of cash (34.90 per cent) figure 3: Māori rates for the sale of telecommunications in the sky, net interest rate (%)
Cost control is good, and the ability to maintain a steady level of control over the costs of communications in the sky is maintained. Total sales costs, administrative costs and financial costs for q4 (9.53%) decreased by 0.23 pp in 2020. Total sales costs, administrative costs and financial costs for q1 were incurred in 2021
The increase of 74.94 per cent over the same period is due mainly to the increase in personnel and remuneration, as well as to the inclusion of the acquired fine filiation, arctic light power. Financial costs of $7,62.8 million were incurred, an increase of 321.30 per cent over the same period. The increase in financial costs is due mainly to the increase in aggregate losses due to changes in the exchange rate of the United States dollar.
Ten thousand yuan, an increase of 66.73 per cent in the same year; three hundred and thirty-five thousand yuan in financial costs, a decrease of 174.79 per cent in the same year; the cost of Skyfoil communications research and development remained high. R & D costs of 77.330 million yuan were incurred throughout the year 2020, an increase of 37.95 per cent, of which q4 incurred R & D costs of 20.8481 million, an increase of 45.41 per cent in the same year.
On the one hand, companies focus on increasing the development of high-speed light engines and accompanying products to provide holistic solutions for downstream light module clients, and on the other hand, they increase the introduction of research and development professionals to attract and retain high-quality research and development personnel through the construction of multi-layered incentive systems, thus consolidating and sustaining them.
The downstream of the light module still maintains a high viewing and a "buy-in" rating. High-end light module demand does not meet the expected risk that the company’s optical device industry is upstream of the PV chain.
The impact of market developments in the light communication sector is even greater. If the next 5g network, or data centre construction, is not expected, or new technologies, and new products are upgraded at an accelerated pace, may slow down demand in downstream markets, with adverse effects on the company’s performance.
Risks of increased competition in the lightware market: current domestic and foreign manufacturers accelerate the development and production of light modules, especially high-end ones, with the risk of increased competition in the light module industry in the future. Risk of a deteriorating environment for overseas operations: companies involved in external sales, while some raw materials and equipment originated from abroad
If the operating environment abroad deteriorates, it may have a negative impact on the company’s procurement and sales. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.