“Car + Robot” Summary of events: Corporate disclosure of forward performance announcement for 2023: Business performance is expected to be robust and profitable throughout 2023. Company expects business revenue to be realized throughout 2023
\triangleright 1. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series I: Opening of Robot Production Base, 1 million dollar-class track
Good performance and a relatively stable profit margin. In 2023, the pre-performance growth was mainly due to the company’s continued strategic landing, increased operational capacity, reduced costs, and sustained improvement in business performance.
In the age of smart electric power, the core competitiveness of the company qstp built on a stable partnership with the international, national and innovative car companies and the major traditional car mills, accompanied by universal, Gillian growth, the current strategy is to bind Tesla and start a new round of growth, while at the same time entering Ford, fca, lucid,
In response to the changes in industry's electric intelligence, the company actively collaborates with the leading forces of Rivian, Uri, Pelican, Ideas, Biadi, Gilly New Energy, Cyrus, etc.
The international strategy is accelerating. In addition, the company’s automobile electronics business is gaining ground, and projects such as the closed air hangar system, the smart brakes system ibs, the electric transition system eps, the intelligent electrical door system are becoming increasingly productive and making a significant contribution to the “technosis.”
Product +: Eight product lines, platform-based enterprises. The company ' s innovative business model of 0.5 has continued to grow rapidly, with the value of one-car packages for head smart electric cars constantly increasing. There are now eight series of products: car nvh decomposition system, interior and interior adornment system, light weight quantifier, smart cabin components, thermal management system.
All units, chassis systems, air suspension systems, smart driving systems, one-stop solutions with the power of the cable control chassis, complete thermal management modules and self-researching of core parts, with a vehicle package of 30,000 and equipped with an active layout of smart stars. Teslabot can use smart car chips.
Power, algorithms raise awareness, decision-making, and control, while sharing the development costs and reusing the end-of-cycle supply chain to achieve a reduction. With the Tesla squid effect, the robotics industry is expected to develop a smart electric vehicle industry, with technological maturity + 1 billion people, assuming a unit cost of 250,000 dollars for human-shaped robots, 11.6 per cent of the workers are replaced by robots.
The global market for human robots can reach $10 trillion. Sport executors are the core components of robots.
3 billion yuan), 300 acres of planned land for robotic power-driven systems research and development base project, January 8, production of 2 power-driven systems production lines with an annual capacity of 300,000 power-driven executors, new capacity initiated Investment proposal: a company with high performance elasticity in the Tesla chain, based on industry leaders
\triangleright exhibition and product extension capabilities are expected to emerge as autonomous parts and components in the context of changes in electro-intelligent intelligence; the current machine production capacity is gradually being built and is expected to contribute incrementally to the new business areas.
The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research and opinions of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.