The Topper Group (601689) company review report 17st of 2024, the platform strategy was effective and new business was continuously expanding.
- The company's projected net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies in 2023, after a non-recurring gain/loss after the performance forecast for 2023 by the Top Group (601689), was able to increase its performance in 2023 mainly as a result of the accelerated development of the Tier 0.5 platforming strategy
In 2023, the innovative business model of company tier 0.5 continued to grow at a rapid pace, with the value of one-car packages for head intelligence and electric car companies constantly increasing, with the cost of one-car packages, in addition to robotic executives, estimated at $30,000. The company is building on innovation and digital manufacturing capabilities to expand the product matrix.
To complete the establishment of the power chassis system, the accoutrements system, the domain mind-braining system and the robotic power-drive four major establishments, with nine major operational plates such as the shock-resilience system, the internal and external accoutres system, the light weighting of vehicles, the chassis system, the smart cabin component, the thermal management system, the air hangar system, the smart driving system and the robotic implementer.
New business has accelerated expansion and is now in the order delivery period Line control chassis: the company has now formed three series of product lines, x/y/z, such as line control, line control switch, line control hangar, etc., and as of November 2023, the company developed ibs1.0 products in 2023.
(a) The official production downline in November, with six project fixes currently obtained; and the wiretap column (easc) product, which was first covered by the Research-Tupou Group (601689.sh) of the State dollar Securities Corporation, which closed down the official production line in November 2023, has now received nine project fixes with an annual order volume of 600,000;
Reporting on the emerging success of the platform-based strategy, with the parts and components sailing at the top of the sails project, with an annual order of 400,000 units, and in addition to the above-mentioned already produced products, company smart brakes of 2.0, back wheels, active suspensions, cdc detonators, etc., have completed the layout of the line-controlled chassis products;
Thermal management module: At present, the company has complete thermal management modules and core parts with self-research and home-made capabilities.
In addition, the company actively arranges the overseas market: Polish factories came into operation in November 2023, and Mexican factories are expected to do so in the first half of 2024, pe33/23/16. We look at the long-term growth space of the company and move up to the “buy-in” rating.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional integrity and professional competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.