“Car + Robot”  Overview of events: company disclosure of 2023 performance Quick Report announcement: business income achieved throughout 2023 \triangleright
1. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series II: Net operating gain of $2.025 billion, +22.33 per cent. Of this total, 23q4 achieved operating income of $5.577 billion, and 2. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series I: Opening
Robot production bases are being built, with millions of yuan-grade track openings, with a net interest rate of 9.96 per cent for q4 and 9.42 per cent for non-materateraterates, a steady increase in performance and a relatively stable profit margin.
The platform's troupe of 0.5 means the global engine. Clients+: strategic binding of Tesla and the new power of car-making, marching into the global supply system.
The strategy is now to bind Tesla and start a new round of growth, while entering into global supply systems such as Ford, Fca, Lucid, Daimler, BMW, the general public, Odi Honda, Toyota, etc.
The international strategy is accelerating, and the company’s auto electronics business is gaining momentum.
Projects such as air suspension systems, smart brake systems ibs, electric transition systems eps, smart electric door systems, etc., are producing in a step-by-step manner, making an important contribution to the "tech-tube" . Product +: eight product lines, building platform-based businesses. Corporate Tier 0.5 level innovative business models continue to be fast.
Rapid development, increasing the value of one-car packages for head smart electric vehicle companies, now owns eight series of products: car nvh decomposition system, interior and interior adornment system, light weight quantification, smart cabin components, thermal management system, chassis system, air hangar system, smart driving system with one-stop solutions for cable control chassis
Teslabot can use smart car chips, algorithms, algorithms to raise awareness, decision-making, and control, while sharing development costs to restore the end of the supply chain.
Under the Tesla squid effect, the robotics industry is expected to develop in an intelligent electric vehicle industry, and the qualitative changes brought about by technological maturity + lower costs will boost the full penetration of human robots. According to the World Bank, we measure the entire workforce of the ball at about 3.45 billion people, assuming a unit cost of 250,000 dollars, 11.6% of which is labour.
Motion operators are replaced by robots, and the global market for human robots can reach $10 trillion. Sport executors are one of the core components of robots. Robot line executors and rotation executors developed by the company have been sent to customers on several occasions, received client approval and received favourable comments. According to the company's 2023 semi-annual report, the project is expected to open at 2024q1.
RMB (of which fixed assets of $3 billion), a project for 300 acres of planned land for robotic power-driven system development and production base, two power-driven system production lines were put into operation on 8 January, with an annual capacity of 300,000 power-driven executors, and additional capacity has been initiated for the planned design.
Investment recommendations: The company is a high performance elasticity in the Tesla industrial chain and is expected to emerge as a champion of autonomous parts and components in the light of changes in electric intelligence, thanks to the industry ' s leading clients \triangleright exhibition and product extension capabilities; the current machine
It is hoped that the new business areas will gradually increase in capacity-building. Consider the changing and lightly quantified needs of the company’s major clients, intelligent driving systems, thermal management systems, growth of robotic implementers, and the logic of methodology and analysis to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.