Launching of the Robot Production Base, start of a million-billion-dollar track 05, 2024, summary of events: 4 January 2023, company announcement and Ningpo Economic Technology Development Area Management Committee
(a) The signing of the Agreement on Investment in the Production Base Project for the R & D of Robotic Power Systems, in which: 1; the amount of investment: 5 billion yuan (of which 3 billion yuan are fixed assets) is proposed for investment and 300 acres of planned land; 2; and the construction site: the Ningbo Economic Technology Development Area;
3. Production products: R & D production and marketing of robotic power-driven systems and the gradual expansion of other robotic components 4 , R & D: currently in the early stages of the project, there is a potential for change in the timing, pace and scope of implementation.
The market space for human capacity is huge and can reach millions of yuan. The company’s main deployment robotic motor executives (including rotation and straight-line executives) require dozens of motion executors, single machine prices, worth about tens of thousands of yuan, and the company’s competitive advantages are significant and its business is going well:
1. Corporate core advantages: 1) self-research capability for all types of electric machines, e.g., permagnetic servers, boxless machines; 2) experience in integrating electric power units, decelerating institutions, controllers; 3) precision mechanical processing capability; 4) synergy of research and development resources and testing resources;
2. Progress in the executioner business: The company has developed straight-line and rotated executives that have been sent to clients on several occasions, received client approval and favourable ratings. The project requires the entry of mass productivity climbs from the first quarter of 2024.3 Performance planning: to meet client requirements, the company needs to complete the installation debugging of four production lines, forming in a year
The company is now officially opening a production base for machines to see the company expand successfully in the field of robotics.
On 3 January 2024, the chairman of the company, the owner of the company's head of office, and the owner of the company's owner-in-chief, Mr. McColl Hong Kong Co-in-Chief, increased the stock by 850,400 shares and the company's head of stock.
0.08% of the copies, amounting to $58.37 million; and the continued growth in ownership, control, and concerted action by Mr. Xiao Jianyu, the Pei Shiu Business Plan from this time onward, fully demonstrates confidence in the company’s future development. Platform type of tier 0.5, sword means global engine taps.
Power, global supply system. In the age of smart electric power, the core competitiveness of the company qstp built on a stable partnership with international and domestic innovation firms and major traditional garages, accompanied by common, philistine growth, the current strategy is to bind Tesla and start a new round of growth, while entering Ford, fca, lucid,
In response to the changes in industry's electric intelligence, the company actively collaborates with the leading forces of Rivian, Ui, Kobi, Idea, Biadi, Gilly New Energy, Cyrus, etc.
In 2023, the company made a breakthrough in its auto electronics business. The ibs project, the eps project, the air suspension project, the heat management project, the smart cabin project were targeted by customers, Gilly, Cyrus, Ideas, Biadi, Mi, Co-Smart, High Combine, Upper Steam, etc.
Product +: Eight main product lines with robotic motor executives, platform-based enterprises. Company forward-looking layouts, powered auto lanes, continuously expanding product lines, forming platform-type enterprises, already owning eight broad product lines: car nvh decomposition system, interior and interior decorating system, light weight quantification, smart cabin components, thermal management system,
The chassis system, the air overhang system, the intelligent driving system, which has a one-stop solution capability for the cable control chassis, a complete thermal management module and self-research capability for the core parts, with a vehicle package of $30,000 and space for continuous expansion; and the company's robotic motion executive, which has entered a new million-dollar track.
With a wealth of product lines, companies can provide one-stop, system-level, modular products and services to their clients, to the extent that they are effective for car enterprises, to the point where they are reduced to meet industry development needs and have a higher competitive threshold. Investment advice: companies are high performance elastic in Tesla’s industrial chain, relying on industry leaders.
Exhibition and product extension capabilities are expected to emerge as autonomous parts and components in the context of changes in electric intelligence; the current mechanical capacity to start building is expected to increase over time in new business areas. Consider the changing and light-quantified needs of the company’s major clients, intelligent driving systems, thermal management systems, growth of robotic executives, and regulations.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.