China Chemistry (601117.sh) China Chemistry (601117): Optimizing Business Structure Overflow Week
Income of $58,571 million, an increase of 10.35 per cent in the same year; net profit of $1,557 million, an increase in the same year
In terms of the operation, the operating income from engineering works (contracting), exploration design and services and other sections was 48.819 million yuan, 2,524 million yuan and 6,843 million yuan, respectively, representing an increase of 8.18 per cent and 8.18 per cent, respectively.
Revenues from sales, electricity generation from the Indonesian giant power station and partial processing and manufacturing account for 11.76 per cent of operating income, an increase of 2.06 percentage points over the previous year, and revenue from the industry continues to rise on a quarterly basis.
There has been an increase in the Māori ratio across the business portfolios, with a significant increase in Māori ratio for survey design and service operations 15.32 per cent, an increase of 1.3 percentage points over the same period; by operation, the Māori ratio for construction (contracting), survey design and services and other operations was 14.00 per cent, 22.4 per cent, respectively.
The main reasons for this are increased profits driven by income growth; higher Māori in the project implementation and later operating phases; increased project clearing management and effective control over the cost of construction, including through centralized procurement. The main reasons for the increase in survey design and service Māori rates were the partial design industry.
The higher Maori in 2017 and the higher yield value added of company-specific patents and know-how have led to an increase in Maori. Other businesses have achieved 1,465 million yuan, an increase of 492 million yuan, mainly because of the enhanced capacity of the Fukuyan Episode project and its improved capacity in 2017.
The large increase in market prices for products led to significant growth in both the turnover of the plate and Māori. Net corporate interest rates of 2.73 per cent decreased by 0.61 percentage points over the reporting period. Net profits of $1,596 million were realized. Corporate costs increased more than operating income during the same period, mainly because part of the traditional sector was in a standstill.
Second, in the last two years, as the project increased the difficulty of controlling the two-dollar increase, there was an increase in the loss of bad debts and the loss of the impairment of the construction work being carried out by Junta, which led to a decline in the benefits, and third, a net loss of $338 million in exchange losses for the company over 17 years, which was the same period the previous year.
The number of new contracts in the company’s domestic market has increased considerably compared to the same period the previous year, with a marked increase in the construction and environmental sectors. New contracts in the domestic and traditional major markets, such as petrochemicals, chemical modification, and so forth, have rebounded. New models for participation in municipalities, infrastructure, environmental governance, etc.
There have also been new breakthroughs in the area, with notable effects of structural adjustment, influenced by exchange gains and losses, with a slight increase in the cost rate during the period, as a result of increased travel costs and rental costs due to the higher number of offshore subsidiaries.
This represents an increase of 9.50 per cent over the same period. The management rate is 7.06 per cent (-0.05 per cent). The increase in management costs is mainly due to increases in research and development fees. Financial costs of $586 million represent an increase of $660 million over 2016. The financial rate is 1 per cent (+1.12 per cent).
As a result, in 2017, the company incurred a net loss of $338 million in currency exchange, and in the same period the previous year, a “one-way street” of net exchange gains was actively laid out to expand the performance of overseas markets. Meanwhile, the Middle East regional company, the Russian regional company, the Indonesian office, and abroad were completed.
The construction of offshore institutions, such as the Pakistan office, the West Africa office and the East Africa office, directly led operations in regional markets and facilitated the landing of large overseas projects.
The company ' s R & D costs in 2017 amounted to 1,807 million yuan, an increase of 23 per cent over the previous year. The company received 354 State patents, of which 137 were patents for inventions; 31 were recognized as proprietary technologies; 1 was awarded the nineteenth Chinese patent award for excellence, 5 was awarded to provincial ministers for scientific and technological progress, and 43 were awarded to provincial ministries of industry and industry.
18 with the preparation of national and industry standards. Companies ' performance is volatile as they accelerate their deployment in the traditional infrastructure sector by cutting off technological innovations in such priority areas as new coal industry, upgrading of the traditional chemical industry, organic industry, fine chemical industry, new chemical materials, energy conservation and environmental protection
It is hoped that this will be reduced, while the chemical and coal markets in the corporate niches are expected to usher in a recovery cycle, with firm performance at the cut-off point and a “growth” rating. Overseas market risks, and the risk of changes in the international economic and political situation.
New wealth surged in 2011 and crystal ball 5th and gold cow 5th in 2012. Eight years of vendor research.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.