Cost-effective and full release, expected gradual improvement in performance - 3-quarter review of double-sink development (000895), 2017 - small increase in Māori rates, low-value inventory contribution to future profitability
During the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved business income of $37.339 billion, with a net return to the mother of $31.51 billion, which decreased in the same year, rising, mainly as a result of the digestion of high-level stocks in the second quarter, the gradual release of low-value stocks, and the contribution to the expansion of production and sales and to higher levels of profitability.
The unit, compared to the depth of 300, was cost-effectively and gradually released, with a correspondingly high slaughter rate of 10.9 million pigs in the first three quarters of the company, a 13 per cent increase over the previous quarter, of which 3.74 million were slaughtered in the third quarter in the first quarter.
In the first instance, compared with the previous two quarters, the increase was 37.90 per cent, and the ring was 8.6 per cent. On the one hand, the prices of pig-bearing pigs continued to decline this year, while in the third quarter, the overall decline, despite a gradual rebound, remained unchanged and remained low; on the other hand, the low-cost stock of company reserves could meet the subsequent demand for raw materials.
In our view, the declining prices of pork and the impact of low-cost stocks have helped companies to lower the cost of raw materials and to increase the slaughter capacity accordingly. The meat products have been restructured, and the channels have been diversified.
In the first three quarters of the year, sales of frozen meat and meat products increased by 4.7 per cent, including 8.23 million tons in the third quarter, an increase of 11.7 per cent in the single quarter and 9.3 per cent in the ring, and the company adapted to the pace of consumption escalation.
(b) The upgrading of canals, the establishment of the Department for the Development of New Channels and the establishment of 18 new Channels Development Offices throughout the country, staffed by specialized personnel, and the professional development and operation of new channels such as electricians, leisure, catering, etc.
III. Prospective profit and investment proposals: the current downward cycle of pork, the low price of company raw material reserves, which puts the company ' s Maori at a higher level of water level and there is room for future upgrading; the structure of meat products is upgraded and the channels are diversified, and we look forward to the company ' s absence.
The rise in the prices of pigs has led to higher costs, less-than-expected restructuring of products, and food security. Chen Berquu, Master of Technology in Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Allies Democratic Securities Institute, is engaged in light-working and listed company research.
Wang Ling, head of the food, beverages and agro-forestry industry, and master of accounting from the Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined in 2017.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,