Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco: 3-quarter reviews: reduced cost of slaughtering, improved performance loops 3-quarter performances announced (000895), company sales realized in the first 3 quarters
(b) The net return to the mother is 3,023 million yuan, which is the same as the increase in the size of the slaughter + the fall in the cost of heating the profit as a whole.
In the last three quarters, the company slaughtered 10.09 million pigs, 30 of them 3.74 million.
The same-year increase of 37.9 per cent; the export of meat products of 1,188,000 tons, of which 30 tons were sold out, brought about a recovery in the scale of the pig slaughter due to lower prices, resulting in a significant increase in the gross profit of the butchery, with 30-year-olds of the butchery of 53.84 and 20-year-olds.
Reported performance in high-temperature meat products, where meat products benefit from falling prices of raw materials, yielding a positive increase. Outgoing 3q meat products, 41.80 million tons, with a 4.5 per cent increase in the ring.
Two-Sink Developments (000895).
The cost of the period shows a slight increase in sales costs, a slight decrease in management costs, and a direct boost to the Māori rate, basically as a result of the increase in the size of the controlled slaughter and the decline in the price of pork. At the same time, the company raised the price of some of its products in the second half of last year, also for this year.
We judge that the prices of pork in four quarters will remain low, helping companies to profit from slaughtering and meat products. And companies are trying to raise the proportion of high-end products, and there is still room for further progress in the past few quarters.
Since the beginning of the year, the company has increased its investment in new products and accumulated more than 100 new items. The share of new products is now higher than planned at the beginning of the year.
There is also a strong push to scale up, and as new products become available, the cost of extension will gradually decrease, and the absence of new products will be an important support for performance. In addition, companies are working to develop whole-sector chains and industrialization.
In 2016, the "50 million poultry chicken farming, slaughtering project" was launched, further improving the upstream layout of the company; downstream, foreign trade, finance, etc.