The performance of the two-sink development (000895.sz) has improved markedly throughout the season, and the sale of meat has been on the rise.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average; benefits from the down-priced cycle of pigs, and the profit from slaughter ends continues to improve: 17q3 1-quarter slaughter of 3.73 million pigs head, +37.2 per cent year-on-year, corresponding to raw meat sales + 25.8 per cent, but q3-month unit price for pork sales
More than 50 per cent of the same decline, the q3 one-quarter revenue from fresh slaughterhouses was the same as -38.7 per cent, but the decline in the price of pig prices was greater than the drop in the price of pork sales, as well as the decrease in unit share costs associated with the increase in the rate of slaughter utilization, which rose to $54 per head, and the operating profit rate.
4.4%, the ring rises by 2.6ppt over q2, and the slaughterhouse is expected to improve its profits by the season. The company expects that the q4 slaughter volume will continue to rise, with lower prices added, and that the slaughterhouse performance is expected to continue to improve.
The volume of goods sold in the same year has risen, and the profit margin has increased slightly: q3 1 seasons for meat products, 427,000. Total China-Sink Development Corporation (MCDC) rating, 2017.8.15 tons, +1.1 per cent, compared to the previous year, and for the first time this year, q3 has recovered, mainly due to a higher number of new items.
2. " The return of the profit margin of meat products q4 and the lower prices of pigs will be profitable and the sales ratio will be higher than planned at the beginning of the year. " As a result of the combination of new products on the market, there are more marketing activities and fixed costs for new products, which have resulted in the elimination of high-value stocks and the full enjoyment of meat products. "
In a low-cost context, the profit margin ratio for meat products is +1.3 ppt/year-on-year +3.2 ppt, with a small increase in the ring. As a result of an upward revision of the price of some products in the second half of last year, the base figure is higher, the company expects that the q4 meat end will remain at the current level of profit, flat or slightly higher.
The meat shift is under way, and looks forward to seeing new products coming in: double sinks still insist on regulating meat products, and the q3 season data show that new meat products are moving forward. As a result of the introduction of new products, meat products and slaughterhouses continue to be more cost-effective despite the smooth cost of imported raw materials, such as meat.
We look forward to seeing future product restructurings gradually work, leading to income-end changes. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.