The slaughter profits are growing faster, and the performance is good on a quarterly basis.
Three quarterly reports were published on the development of the two-sinks, with companies achieving business income of $37,270 million in three quarters, a decrease of % in the same year; net interest rate of $30,024 million after deduction, a decrease of 1.15 per cent in the same year: proceeds of $0.96 per share were realized. Business income of $13,273 million in the third quarter, an increase of 3.49 per cent in the same year; and seizure, a 13 per cent increase in the first three quarters of the company ' s slaughtering of 10.9 million pigs in the same year, which was better than the first two quarters in terms of slaughter.
Quarterly. In the first three quarters, the company earned $19,187 million in slaughter revenue, the same rate of decline of 6.5 per cent in pig prices, and in the first three quarters, the company ' s average profit on slaughter increased faster, at 40.68 per cent, compared to the previous three quarters, and the third quarter ' s profit on slaughter was almost as close as the first half of the year, contributing significantly to the company ' s net profit growth in the first three quarters. We believe that the company ' s profit on slaughter has increased significantly.
There is an increase in the amount of pig slaughter, as well as a rise in profits from higher poultry prices, and if future companies lower their test of the profits from all pig slaughter, the amount of pig slaughter will increase further, contributing to the growth of the company’s overall profits.
In meat products, the company earned $17,153 million in meat products in the previous three quarters, an increase of 1.2 per cent over the same period. In the first three quarters, meat products earned slightly better than in the previous two quarters, as a result of the \triangleright factor in the third quarter, a slightly higher increase of 3.77 per cent compared to the same period.
The company sells 22,78 million tons of high-temperature meat products, an increase of 4.68% over the previous two quarters, with an average income slightly lower than in the same period. In the case of high-temperature meat products, the company keeps pushing for new products, increases the cultivation of new ones, while in the case of low-temperature meat products, the overall share of low-temperature sales in the company is still low, and the company is now working harder on low-temperature meat research and development and market development.
In terms of the Māori rate, the Māori rate for the first three quarters of the company was 19.42%, an increase of 1.2 percentage points over the same period.
The downside has led to a decline in the cost of company meat products, with the company’s Māori rate in the third quarter being higher than in the previous two quarters on a quarterly basis, and an overall downward trend in future pork prices expected, with the company’s Māori rate increasing further.
Master of Accounting in Eastern Finance and Surgery, in 2008 in the capital of the country of accession for research in agriculture and food and beverages, in 2011 in the Anshin securities for food and beverages.
Research, study of the food and beverage industry in East Hing Securities in 2013, nine years of study of the food and beverage industry, five years of study of the food and beverage industry.
China Agricultural University-University of California at Berkeley jointly trains a PhD in agricultural economics management. Joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department in 2015 to enter text here. Parser's own research view. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.