On 30 October 2024, the tri-ring group announced a third quarter of 2024 reporting that the company had achieved operating income of $5.381 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 31.05 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a net return to the mother.
1603 million yuan, or 40.38 per cent more than the previous year, representing a net profit of 1,437 million yuan, or 63.66 per cent more than the corresponding increase of 63.66 per cent. For the corresponding 3q24 quarter, operating income of 1,953 million yuan, or 32.29 per cent more than the previous quarter, the ring grew by 4.81 per cent and the single quarter net profit of 578 million yuan, or the same increase.
• Technological breakthroughs added to a large product matrix, mlcc product contributed to a significant increase in performance of 2024q3, company prices compared to a 300-deep trend, 2024 accompanied by a downstream recovery of electronics, light communications, etc., and an ai server.
Aipc and other end-markets are strong, and the mlcc industry is recovering. According to Trendforce, 2024q3 British Welda gb200 server and woaaipc output will further accelerate the mlcc recovery process and boost the mlcc delivery and average sales price
asp. Based on more than 20 years of technological experience in the field of mlcc, the company has been increasing its research and development innovations in the technology frontline of mlcc, continuing to break through technical barriers such as powder granulation, thinning of media layers, multilayering techniques and high-precision equipment technology, developing small dimensions, high accuracy, high reliability, etc.
Products with high tolerance, high pressure, etc... With the technological breakthrough and quality enhancement of the product, the market recognition of the company ' s mlcc product has increased significantly, resulting in a product matrix covering a range of small, high-heavy, high-reliability, high-frequency applications, a growing area of downstream application and a steady upturn in orders.
The profitability of 2024q3 has improved significantly. The Māori ratio is 44.30%, an increase of 4.4 pct over the same period, and the net return profit has increased significantly for five consecutive quarters, and youy has risen to 40.59%.
1. A single quarter with a record high of revenue and a steady increase in investment in R & D at profit points, and a strong competitive advantage in the overall layout.
The company insists on technological innovation, investing $401 million in R & D in the first three quarters of 2024, i.e. +4.15% of the year, with a high R & D cost of 7.46%.
And at the same time, accelerating downstream recovery is expected to lead to performance growth, building into the Tricycle Institute and the Tricycle Institute of Suzhou, and building companies in the southwest and east China.
Greater competition in the market, less technology development, and less than expected sales by large clients.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.