The net profit of non-ferrous and rare metals iii increased fivefold over 16 years, and Tyllison's expansion laid the foundation for the future of lithium production.
In 16 years, the volume of lithium chemical products rose and the company ' s performance increased rapidly: the company ' s lithium chemical products (Lithium hydroxide and energy automobiles) continued to grow rapidly, producing 517,000 vehicles throughout the year, a 51.7 per cent increase compared to the 51.7 per cent increase in downstream positive materials The demand from manufacturers for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide products increased substantially, with the company ' s sales of lithium carbonate increasing by the same amount in 16 years
31.46 per cent. On the price side, the 16-year average price of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide increased by 147.02 per cent and 37 percentage points respectively over 15 years, and this increase in volume contributed to higher net return to the company. According to the Asian Metal Network, the current price of lithium hydroxide is stable at 140,000 yuan per tonne, while the battery-grade lithium carbonate price is 130 million yuan per tonne, given the new car fleet.
The industry is expected to warm back in the second quarter, with a concomitant increase in demand for lithium hydroxide and lithium carbonate materials, but in the context of the expansion of capacity in lithium products by major enterprises over the past year, it is unlikely that the price of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide will rise significantly this year, or that the prices will fluctuate slightly with the season and the pace of new energy vehicles.
The company's lithium mine is rich, with the Telison expansion of 600,000 tons laying the base for the company's lithium product: 16 years for the company's lithium concentrate, 1061 million yuan for the mineral product, 23.26 per cent more than the same year, 19.8 million tons for the sale of chemical lithium for batteries, Tan Chi Yong.
This is an increase of 22.89% over the same period. 11.6 million tons of technical-grade lithium concentrate were used for the glass ceramics enterprise, an increase of 20.58% over the same year. The company owns a rich, high-quality lithium concentrate resource, including the mining rights of the Tsora lithium quarries in the Sichuan Ganzia River, and the Zabuye Salt Lake in the Japanese-Zabuye company.
Lithiumstone mine is the largest and highest-grade solid lithium quartz mine in the world, and Tyllison's existing lithium concentrate can reach 740,000 tons per year.
The mineral concentrate will increase to 1.34 million tonnes/year, equivalent to 180,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate equivalent, and the project will be completed and started in 19 years. The expansion of Tyllison’s production will meet the demand for lithium products from the continued rapid growth of new energy vehicles over the next three years and will, to some extent, limit the possibility of a sharp increase in the price of lithium products due to the shortage of lithium mines.
The steady release of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide production capacity and the orderly advancement of 24,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production capacity expansion: the company ' s present titanium industry: 18 times the net profit increase from mother to mother, increased hydrogen oxygen production: 10,500 tons/year of lithium carbonate from the flood base, 5,000 tons/year of lithium hydroxide, 1,500 tons of lithium chloride
Lithium hydroxide, lithium metal, and lithium carbonate production at Jiangsujia base, with a design capacity of 17,000 tons/year.
Debugs and technological improvements are expected to lead to a further improvement in capacity utilization. Australia is building a new 24,000-ton battery-grade single-water lithium industry called "Lithium" with a high-performance price increase. The lithium hydroxide project is expected to be completed in October 2018, with steady production in 2019.
These are mainly raw materials for the production of nca and Trinity 811, and the company has pre-positioned an expansion of lithium hydroxide production capacity, and the titanium hydroxide industry has seen a significant increase in volume-priced lift performance and 16 years of high demand for lithium hydroxide as a result of the shift in the nickelization of lithium batteries.
Lithium Tian Qian: The three-quarters report is above expectations and lithium prices continue to be raised. It is recommended that the current price of lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide and lithium hydroxide be stable, driven by the development of new energy vehicles, and that demand continue to grow at a high level, with a weak balance between supply and demand.
Lithium production capacity will be further released after commissioning, in line with market demand, and is expected to increase at a steady price throughout the year