C.O.S.A. (002236.sz)
The company is the world's leading provider of video-centric smart-ass solutions Market value (RM): $13.52 and the operator service provider, supported by two major technology strategies, alot and APF.
This has led to the evolution of digital innovation and the intellectual transformation of entrepreneurship in service cities, through the evolution of the suppliers of products, engineering/services/operators, and solution providers, mainly through softening and alimentation to smooth swing/scale/profit.
Recommended logic one: Deepening softness provides over-morigin, with the Big Star Hanai model presented, with 24.4 per cent of corporate revenue from software operations in the broad sense of the word, released in October 2023, with a 30 per cent increase in computing power and an enhanced algorithm.
The Accuracy rate is 10%, reducing development costs by 30%. In July 2024, the Starghan model was validated by the IBI Credible Ai Large Model Standard and is now located in the city, with a large industry model and a large power industry model.
Recommended logic two: Medium-Movement Strategic Intakes 8.9%, and Disc is expected to contribute to the company’s second largest shareholder.
In mid-year, the volume increase in the volume of purchases of mobile dict operations corresponds to 23-year collections by companies with a contribution of approximately 4.6 per cent ~ 8.5 per cent (14.9 ~ 2.72 billion yuan), which is expected to result in further annualized income gains of 1 billion grades if one of the parties is considered to work with the one server.
It is recommended that logic three: global markets are more than twice the size of the Asia-Pacific region, and the level of sea travel deepens to support Māori structural optimization. In 2022, the global video surveillance market reached the scale of a “go-out” strategy to access international markets and marketed locally.
The supply chain is home-grown by goods/organizations. 1h24 offshore operations are growing at a rate of 9.1 per cent, with incomes above 50 per cent, Māori at a rate of 46.3 per cent and higher than domestic operations at 10.2 pcts, and the increase in the share of offshore operations is expected to sustain Māori optimization.
The risk of a domestic macro recovery less than expected; the risk of a tightening of the geopolitical environment; and the risk of scavenging more services.
1.1 Business model perspective: the impossible triangle of size/turn/profits, softening/aiization of solutions, smooth swing/scaling/the company is the leading global provider and operator of video-centric smart-ass solution solutions, underpinned by two technology strategies, alot and mix of intelligence platforms, serving cities with digital innovation and intellectual transformation of entrepreneurship, resulting in “two-dimensional and cross-cutting”
In our view, the company has been going through four major stages of development in more than 20 years of its existence: product suppliers (2006 and before): at its inception in 2001, the company based on audio-visual decoding algorithm technology \triangleright
Self-researching of embedded dvr products, building up a pre-engendered dvr for secure video surveillance of core products, along the lines of the “Great Security” product structure, including embedded dvr, ball sets, nvs, card, digital remote image control systems, digital processor, etc.
One of the mainstream suppliers of anti-products.” Engineers, service providers and operators (2007-2011): In 2005, the “3111” pilot site under the banner of the City of Peace was launched, with the first demonstration city (22) investing in more than 15 billion people, and in 2006, the second demonstration
For the first time in a development strategy, the company proposed, according to the 2009 report, “the gradual completion of a multifaceted role extension from product suppliers to engineers, service providers and operators.” In our view, this phase of the company began to take over urban-level security engineering projects, which were transferred from single product suppliers to single-product suppliers.
Industry-wide solutions provider (2012-2017): According to the 2011 annual report, the company at the end of the product 1) “changed \triangleright”
Changed the original role of dvr as a single product rather than a system-level product; 2) “Achieving full sequence of analogue cameras”; 3) “Achieving high-resolution network cameras and infra-red, non-infrared serialization.” This heralded the company’s completion of the leap from storage products to products and overall solutions. At the same time, the company first proposed “promoting products”.
At the same time, sales push system-wide solutions, gradually changing from product suppliers to system-wide solutions providers.” We believe that the company has gradually refined the whole product matrix covering the front and back, starting with a sense of product stock and strategy that has shifted to solutionrs. According to the 2012 report, companies are “at the customer level,”
Projects, prices, receivables, four dimensions of detailed management, enhanced implementation.” Meanwhile, in the 2012 annual report, companies "have been able to provide industry solutions that are integrated from video capture, transmission to storage, control and analysis, and platform applications.” According to the 2015 report, companies "successed a shift from product marketing to solution marketing."
At this stage, companies have moved fully to solutionrs in terms of strategic positioning, product capacity, and marketing focus. Soccer Solution Providers + Operators (2018-present): According to the Annual Report 2018, companies “pull out the ‘Great Hoc’ strategy to drive the intellectual transformation of cities and industries” and refer to “Great Hoc is a company man.”
At the same time, in the 2018 newspaper, the company “has undergone a shift from single-product sales to the provision of holistic solutions to the provision of integrated urban intelligent business services”.
We believe that, by the characteristics of the industry business model, the strategic choice of a company to respond to the needs of the industry at different stages of development matches the product, programme capacity, and seeks a balance between “an impossible triangle of scale, liquidity, profit margin.” In the context of corporate development history, in the case of the security industry: 1) single-product suppliers - small- and medium-sized/high turnover/medium-interest
At this stage, in the context of industry demand pressure, companies attempt to contribute to traditional beta security at both scale and profit levels by deepening the application of software and ai in the product programme, with a view to stabilizing turnover rates.
1.2 Financial identity perspective: aaiization/softening of Māori ratio, supply chain security downturning, net interest rate and congested friendliness Business models in the company's four major stages of development are highly compatible with its financial characteristics:  product provider  engineering/services/operator: we believe that around 2007 companies moved from product suppliers to Ann
The financial characteristics of the period for engineers, service providers and operators are as follows: 1) high rate of expansion of the harvest; 2) significant increase in the Māori rate; 3) lower stock turnover and a longer net business life than that for friendly firms; 4) relatively stable net interest rates (taking into account a significant increase in Māori rates and corresponding increases in cost inputs over the same period).
Characteristics of low turnover, medium net interest rates. Engineering/services/operators — solution providers: We believe that in 2012 or so, the company moved completely to industry-wide solution providers, a period characterized by financial characteristics of 1) where the growth rate of harvests has declined somewhat; 2) gross
Interest rates have fallen: 3) Stock turnover has increased significantly and the net business cycle phase-to-friend gap has narrowed: 4) net interest rates have recovered significantly and the gap has narrowed. Overall, it is consistent with the size of industry solutions, medium turnover, high-end solution providers, softening/aiization: we believe that in 2018 or so, companies began to soften/aiization.
The financial characteristics of the period are: 1) an increase in the Māori rate (a value added by software and ai); 2) and a net increase in the number of amigos, as measured by the financial characteristics analysed by the company Dubon, on the one hand, the company was disturbed by bilateral relations between China and the United States after 17/18 years, resulting in a need to increase the level of readiness to respond to supply chain security risks, a significant decline in the stock turnover rate and an increase in asset turnover rates.
On the other hand, corporate financial leverage has declined since the beginning of the 19th century. So, we expect that the bulk of the future rise in roe will be driven by improvements and increases in net corporate interest rates.
The combined Māori rate for companies is about 42.0 per cent, of which the Māori ratio for offshore operations and tog operations is higher, at 46.4 per cent and the R&D cost for companies is about 12.3 per cent.
Figure 12: Corporate R & D rates are flat or slightly higher than those of friendly firms. 1.3 Market competition perspectives: the Global Dragon of the Age of Security, the prospect of alot markets for transformation.
The company accounts for about 12.2% of the world’s annual market share of video surveillance, the second most secure worldwide. According to the smarts network, our security industry (product + engineering + transport) was a market of about $650 million in 2023, and its video surveillance product is a market of about $150 billion in size.
In our view, both traditional and emerging digital transformation industries are characterized by high thresholds, fragmentation, deeper technological sedimentation in the era of security, a richer matrix of perceived products, software that is more responsive to industry’s needs, and ai.
2. It is recommended that logic one: a deeper degree of softening provides an excess Māori ratio, and that the Big Star Hanai Model should be reduced in effect. In 2013, the company 's annual paper revealed "hardwareization of software platforms" and continued to upgrade its software development capabilities over the years.
In 2018, the Hoc City-level Smart Management System framework was released and involved in the Skyplane software; in 2020, the Cloud Wise marched on saas; in 2021, the Great Spiritai Open Platform was launched; in 2023, the Big Star Man model was released to upgrade visual awareness, continuously improve visual resolution accuracy and increase long tailings.
Supply capacity to generate industrial intelligent solutions based on large models of visual multimodels. Chart 14: The degree of corporate softening deepens year by year.
The value added of corporate software in 2022 was about 24.4% of the revenue, and the policy software products included computer software products, information systems, and embedded software.
In 2023, the company achieved $1.8 billion in revenues from software operations, accounting for about 5.6% of that year’s operating income, and measured the rate of the company’s removal of the software component in both categories, respectively, in conjunction with the Māori rate of the company’s software operations. At the level of Māori in the Shin Wan electronics sample, it was found that the Māori rate in the electronics industry was lower than the narrow calibre and higher than the broader one.
We therefore believe that the company ' s excess Māori rate or value added from software, the share of revenue from software business in the range of 5 to 25 per cent, with further softening in the future, and the continued increase in the share of software business, are expected to sustain the company ' s overall Māori ratio to 2.2ai: the Big Star Han model is more common/more common/safe, and the larger model of the urban and power industries is settled.
In 2017, the company built a high-performance computing centre; in 2019, the All-Base algorithm development platform was released to achieve closed-ring management from data management to programme delivery; in 2021, the launch assembly programme development platform was upgraded and the launch of the Giantai Open Platform: in 2023, the work flow system developed for scenario-based algorithms was developed to make data processing possible.
The development of workflows such as training, model conversion, testing, etc. is automatically organized, up-scaling, automating, valid sub-arrangement and unified algorithmic databases, providing model or service (maas) capabilities, multi-module integration analysis and large model service deployment.
In October 2023, the company released the Big Star Han model, which focused on technological strengthening in the areas of single model multitasking, small sample learning, depth, genetic coding techniques and credible ai, building the competitiveness of intelligent products and solutions: single model multitask: for example, originally composed of five models through testing, critical points, postures, attribute analysis and identification.
The \triangleright algorithm, which is now done through a model, has a significantly lower level of complexity in both arithmetic and task scheduling, with a 30 per cent increase in arithmetic utilization.
Small sample learning techniques: The company trained in algorithms based on a small sample synthesizing large samples close to the real scene, reducing the reliance of some algorithms on data through the rwsc-fusion technique, which has reached such scenarios as security checks and transmission lines, a 10 per cent increase in callback rates and a 30 per cent reduction in development costs.
Deep genetic coding techniques: Due to the inexplicability of deep learning, the hesmatic properties of different models' encoders are embedded in incompatible and incalculable, leading to problems such as the lack of full synergy of the mid-end clouds in the deployment of large model products and the high cost of upgrading the product models. To this end, the company developed deep genetic coding techniques that allow large models to characterize their capabilities.
Generates to sub-collage models, resulting in typologies at the end of the cloud, reducing product upgrades and maintenance costs. Credible ai technology: companies continue to study counter-attacks and defense techniques based on proliferation models, which have been applied in such scenarios as exit and exit car plates, door block testing, etc.
In July 2024, the Big Star-Hand Industry Model successfully obtained more service certificates through the Credible-Ai Large Model Standard Compliance Survey organized by the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, and eventually obtained a Level 5 rating for model development.
Figure 19: Conformity Checklist of Credible Big One Model Standards The Big Star Model is visual, integrates multi-model capabilities, builds industry-oriented models, focuses on efficient urban governance, and intellectually upgrades the number of businesses. In the context of current applications, 1) smaller models of the urban governance industry are compared to larger models.
The average accuracy rate increased by more than 10 per cent and the number of functions increased by 50 per cent; 2) the average accuracy of the large models in the electricity sector increased by more than 20 per cent compared with the average accuracy of the small models and the number of functions increased by 40 per cent.
3. Recommended logic II: Medium-Movement Strategic Intake (8.9 per cent) and Dick Operations projected to contribute revenue elasticity about 3.1 strategic synergies: China ' s Mobile Strategic Intake Corporation 8.9 per cent equity, and synergies between strategic structures between the two sides. In April 2023, China moved to become the second largest shareholder of the company, with an increase in prices of $17.4 in April 2023.
The company is actively involved in the strategic layout of China’s mobile video network. The video network is a new information infrastructure for China’s mobile video-link service for iot terminals.
In 2024, China moved to China, with an estimated 56.26 million mobile Internet clients; as of 1h24, China had cumulatively reached 70.3 million roads.
In June 2024, China moved to host a 5-g-net product launch, suggesting that a full-scale visual networking strategy had been launched and that a high-quality, efficient visual networking system was being built through the “5-1” strategy. 3.2 Operations synergy: g-programmers plus clusterers complement each other, b-end the crowd has been expanded and c-end intelligent family ecology has been built together.
The company ' s downstream operations are highly synergized with China ' s movement: government operations: the company is now entering the 2.0 phase of its urban operations and has mature urban governance solutions; China moves as a leading operator in a conglomerate background, with highly experienced projects and a high winning share, moving according to China
Annual report, the company's share in the open bidding market in 2023 and the first half of 2024 was 14.3 per cent and 18.4 per cent, respectively. Businesses: companies have the full capacity for digitized, intelligent product matrices and mature solutions services; China's move to more than 30 million domestic clients up to 1h24 is expected to increase the number of visitors to the company.
Family consumer business: corporate branded ‘Oranges’ with home-based cameras as a smart home type, \triangleright Orange Clouds provides services such as cloud storage for customers; China moves actively to build “all gigabytes + cloud life” intelligent family ecology.
In recent years, there has been some demand for smart household products, which are expected to continue to drive the delivery of orange products. The share of digitalized income of mobile companies has continued to rise since then.
Figure 25: Dict ' s share of the market revenue of government companies has risen to nearly 60% every year
One third of the purchases should be for video hardware and software and programmes, and 30-40% of the purchases are rounded up. Let's assume that: \triangleright project operations account for about 35% of video-related integrations, about 30% of which involve video hardware and hardware.
An additional 35 per cent of the procurement for the programme came from shortlisted purchases, with the corresponding estimate assuming that the company ' s business income for 23 years was approximately 1.2 billion yuan, corresponding to a business penetration rate of 30.5 per cent, accompanied by a mobile open tender of 7,994 ai servers in April of the year, the results of which were published in May, with a bid of approximately 19.1 billion.
Figure 28: China moves information on the 2024 partial-ai server tender project 4. Recommended logic three: the global market is more than twice the size of the Asia-Pacific region and the ocean deepens to support Maori structural excellence.
4.1 Market capacity: The global video surveillance market is about $50 billion, about twice the size of the Asia-Pacific region market. According to Marketandmarket, the global video surveillance market reached $48.7 billion in 2022, of which the Asia-Pacific region is about $22.5 billion, the North American region is about $14.33 billion, the European region is about $9.38 billion, and the global market is about $9.38 billion.
In 2023, the global video surveillance market is projected to be $53.7 billion; in 2032, it is projected to be $83.3 billion. 4.2 Out-of-sea deepening: marketing localization of products/organizations localization of supply chains, with over 50 per cent of offshore operations.
“Go Out” strategy developed by the company in 2003 for access to international markets: Localization of marketing: In 2008, the company began to strengthen its own brand, develop a full spectrum of layout channels, technical support and \triangleright
After-sales services; in 2010, offshore marketing centres were established; in 2012, the Chinese brand had formed full competitiveness and influence in some overseas markets; in 2013, it became a prominent brand in some emerging markets; and in 2014, overseas affiliates were established in the United States and Europe, among others, to explore the development of overseas localized marketing systems.
Localization of products/organizations: in 2015, promotion of overseas home-based team building; in 2016, improvement of the share of solutions in overseas income, and intellectual transport operations support multi-regional license identification. At the same time, the company has 35 branches abroad that provide end-to-end product and solution services to clients in more than 180 countries and territories around the world.
Localization of supply chains: in 2021, companies established two overseas manufacturing centres in India, Viet Nam, and regional supply centres in core logistics centres such as the Netherlands, Hungary and Panama; as of 2023, companies had manufacturing centres, hub warehouses and national warehouses at home and abroad, forming a globalized multi-level supply network to build efficiency for global markets
Smart and reliable supply chain systems with rapid global market demand, order delivery risk management, and timely delivery capacity. Since 2018, corporate revenue from offshore operations has grown faster than domestic operations, gradually increasing their share of corporate income, accounting for about 50.3 per cent of corporate income in 1h24, and approximately 34.4 per cent of offshore operations in Heiconview and Haikang over the same period.
The perceived Māori ratio for offshore operations is significantly higher than the combined Māori ratio, and the increase in the share of offshore operations is expected to improve the Māori structure in a sustained manner.
Tog: 24 years of special domestic debt, the total volume of tenders for related projects has recovered, the Tog industry is expected to close in 24 years, and future urban digital governance needs are expected to gradually replace traditional urban security needs support totg operations, and joint movement is expected to generate more G-end project opportunities.
With 1.77 billion yuan in revenue, a 15.1 per cent decrease over the same period, the combined projected growth rate for 2024-2026 totg operations, respectively, is expected to improve future government capacity to pay and tob optimize the Māori structure of urban digital governance operations, which are expected to: on the one hand, the 24-year domestic competitive business environment has increased further and the digital transformation is expected to improve the competitiveness of enterprises
Important hands-on, the need for future business digital transformation is expected to accelerate release in an environment of increased competition, and mobile projects are expected to generate growth growth; on the other hand, tob operations are still more pro-cyclical, with a relatively weak willingness to invest in downstream customers in the short term.
Other: 24 years of weak domestic macroeconomic recovery, strong growth resilience, high correlation between small and medium-sized group business development and macro-level conditions within the country, and a small increase in other operations under the logic of digitalized transition efficiency. Overall: 24 years of corporate sank overseas channels, focussing on second and third-tier distributors ' s s sale-out status,
It is expected that offshore operations will continue to grow at a steady pace, with more intensive outreach around safe cities, smart transport, energy, buildings, and education. The combined forecast for 2024-2026 is a faster rate of growth in offshore operations.
The company’s sales/management/research and development costs focus on employee remuneration, so that the associated costs and the increase in the number of employees have been higher than the average of a+h technology flagship companies and above the median since 2022. We have used the municipal rate method to value companies and select global machine vision champions whose business model is highly similar to that of the company.
The technology-type dimensions, Kienz and Konyuki are the giants in the world's machine vision, while benefiting from the recent Japanese stock market.
\triangleright \triangleright set up a multivitament-associated visuals track earlier in the country, with a sub-subscribbing Wisdom at the depth of technology, a focus on machine visuals and agv operations, with future digital transformations moving to client production, machine vision.
In terms of business type dimensions, 3 m provides innovative products for a variety of sub-scenes, starting with sand paper and sand wheels, to fully release the innovation of the company’s internal staff, and to build its own product by meeting a debris-based need.
Catalogues (safe film, glass cleaners, tyre reflective belts, etc.), the particle size of operational orders and year-to-year valuation of the medium- and long-end end are approximately 17 xpe. \triangleright
In terms of market environment dimensions, the company ' s domestic counterparts during the traditional phase of security and digital transformation include, among other things, Heiconway, Science and Technology (inlined by word), two companies with a 25-year valuation level of about 13-17 xpe.
Companies tog and other operations are more closely linked to domestic macroeconomics, and tob operations continue to exhibit procyclical characteristics in some downstream industries, if the long-term macroeconomic recovery in the country is less than expected, or will affect government fiscal spending, the survival of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and the willingness of large firms in some industries to invest digitally, thereby perturbing the company ' s operations within its borders.
In 2022, the United States fcc banned the company from selling in the United States, and the company was no longer authorized to sell new product models in the United States; the same year, the United States Department of Defense included the company in the “military-related” category.
Lists. In 2022, the company sold to skywatch, inc., 100 per cent of the shares of three companies, and the company ' s brand of lorex, inc., of the holdings of the fully-owned company dahuaeuropeb.v, and in 2023, the company sold 100 per cent of the shares of the United States company.
Some of the Canadian stock products worth $1 million are sold to centralmotion transparency service. If the international geopolitical environment tightens further or the US further tightens its trade restrictions on companies, there may be greater uncertainty about the company’s earnings outside the country.
About one-second of the company ' s operations are offshore and are settled in major foreign currencies, and exchange rate fluctuations may disturb the company ' s purchases, sales and financing end.