Silver World Wide Market's smart investment company, the replacement of the drug Ming Cong (603259ch) with limited geopolitical disturbances and a steady recovery in performance.
The United States House of Representatives voted on the Biosafety Act (Act No. 61.89 RMB) on 9 September 2024 local time.h.r.8333. We issued a report on 12 September, arguing that even if the bill were passed, it might have had only minimal impact.
Some government-funded projects, the company’s business in the United States, are expected to remain largely robust. Moreover, we believe that Condor has accumulated significant capacity advantages over Indian and Euro-American chemical cdmo companies, and expects overseas counterparts in Chinese medicine.
In the medium term, it is unlikely that China’s chemical cdmo industry will be able to take over. Based on the firm’s rapid growth in hand-ordered martial arts, cfa monolithics, especially the strong growth trend in multiplatinum operations, and the recovery of pharmaceutical finance in the US Federal Reserve’s interest-reduction trend.
The Biosecurity Bill is expected to have a limited impact. We believe that the House of Representatives version of the Bill limits the US government's ability to do business this morning, cfa.
The purchase of goods or services from relevant Chinese companies by entities that receive subsidies or loans from the United States Government is likely to have a limited impact on the operations of Pharmacine Condé, and the bill contains a “grandfather clause” that allows existing contracts to be implemented until 2032. Although the bill was passed by the House of Representatives, 49 per cent of the bill was passed.
The Democrats did not vote in favour, including 36% against, so we expect that the biosafety bill will face greater resistance in the Democratic-led Senate. Meanwhile, the Senate and the House of Representatives will have very short voting windows during the year, and there is a certain probability that separate legislation will not be completed.
In Europe, the United States, and India, companies working on api and chemical cdmo have found that these companies are significantly behind them in terms of income volume and output inputs. Most Indian companies specializing in api and chemical cdmo supply bulk and specialty raw materials, and are involved in innovative medicine.
The research and development teams of Indian companies are small in comparison with the pharmaceutical Minds. Europe has a relatively good pharmaceutical industry base, with a large number of well-established chemical cdmo companies in the region. But Europe’s chemical cdmo companies have a heavy emphasis on preparations.
The company’s business is expected to recover steadily. The drug’s management is forward-looking in the development and production of multipolymeric drugs, such as Si Meglupe and Delbot, in the area of metabolic diseases in recent years.
Showing a heavy-pound sales potential, Ming Conde’s multipolar business grew rapidly, making it the company’s most important engine of growth. We expect that when the Fed enters the decline in interest rates, the amount of financing for health care will recover, the demand for early medicine research and development will improve around the world, and the early operations of Ming Conde will resume.
Sioux. The company’s 1h24 share of hand orders grew by 22.4% at the end of 2023, and the recovery trend is now under way.Biosafety laws are expected to have limited impact.
The draft budget defence bill (ndaa), the Senate version of which incorporated 93 amendments, does not contain the biosafety bill (s.3558). Previously, the June draft of the House of Representatives also did not contain the biosafety bill (h.r. 8333), although the next two Houses will also discuss changes to the specific content of the ndaa, which may not be excluded.
In addition to the ndaa, the biosafety bill has an independent legislative path. The United States House of Representatives voted for it on September 9, local time.
The bill on biosafety (h.r.8333), which we believe limits the procurement of goods or services from relevant Chinese companies by United States government agencies and entities receiving United States Government subsidies or loans, has a limited potential impact on the industry of Pharmacine Condé and contains a “grandfather clause” that allows existing contracts to be enforced until 2032.
Although the Chamber of Deputies' biosafety bill was passed, 49% of the Democrats did not vote in favour, including 36% against. Among those who voted against were several influential Democrats, including Senior MPs/House of Representatives Committee senior member (rankingmember) jimcgovern, leader of the House of Representatives minority party Hakeem
Jeffries, the senior member of the Energy and Commerce Committee of the House of Representatives, frankpalone, and the senior member of the Appropriations Committee of the House of Representatives, Rosedelauro. We therefore expect that the biosafety bill will face even greater legislation in the Democratic-led Senate, while the Senate and the House of Representatives will have very short voting windows during the year.
The Act will expire. The United States Congress will change every two years to call it a “parliament term” of two sessions each. If, at the end of the term of office of a Congress, a bill (including the passage of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the signature of the President) has not yet completed the legislative process, the bill will expire.
The issue was not passed, and members of Parliament still wanted to move forward, and they had to resubmit the bill during the new congressional term, and recommence the entire legislative process. Figure 4: A schematic of separate legislation on the biosafety bill in the United States Senate and Senate (the draft is still uncertain as to whether it will eventually become law)
India has a large but small number of api and cdmo companies in the Indian market, and has a large number of enterprises involved in international pharmaceutical research and development and production as a globally important pharmaceutical industry area.
Companies api and chemical cdmo are divided into two types, one that provides an operational block for the foreign production and marketing of api or cdmo services developed under the label of pharmaceutical companies, and the other that specializes in api and chemical cdmo.Api or cdmo operations in large pharmaceutical companies in India have low technical barriers, not core ones.
The company generally provides api or cdmo services, which focus mainly on large quantities of raw materials (e.g. antibiotics, amino acids, vitamins, hormones, etc.) and on special raw materials (e.g. cardiovascular, antiviral, central godly, anticancer, hepatotype, photograms, etc.), which are related to the development and production of innovative pharmaceutical raw materials and services for the drug Mindconde, etc.
In addition, api or chemical cdmo operations generally account for less than the total revenue of Indian pharmaceutical companies, at about 30% per unit; and api or chemical cdmo accounts for less than $500 million a year, most of which does not exceed $500 million.
In terms of the distribution of capacity, Indian pharmaceutical companies have almost all of their api production capacity on Indian soil, with a small number of companies in the European-American region. Indian companies specializing in api and chemical cdmo are also mostly focused on large-scale and specialty-based drugs.
New drug fields are limited, and research and development and production facilities are almost entirely located in India. In India, research and development teams are small compared to those of the drug-related industry. As one of the world's largest api producers, India's tailor-made divi'slab, 15 of the world's top 20 pharmaceutical companies, but only about 500 researchers focus on the flow of innovative medicines.
Syngene is India’s indigenous cdmo company, which focuses on innovative biopharmaceuticals and chemicals, with more than 5,600 scientists and a larger research and development team in India’s indigenous cdmo company. Syngene’s client base: 2,477, and Syngene serves 14 of the world’s top 20 pharmaceutical companies (Vs’ drug Myung Conde all pre-global services).
Twenty large pharmaceutical companies. As of June 2024, there were 38,000 employees, of whom about 82 per cent were research and development personnel (as of the end of 2023), we estimate that there are more than 30,000 research and development workers in Mingconde, which is dozens of times the number of div'slab, and about 5-6 times the number of syngene research and development staff.
Figure 5: List of major Indian companies involved in api and chemical drug c (d)mo operations.
There is a significant difference between the amount of inputs, production capacity, research and development inputs and the workforce, with only excellent staff costs. In 2023, the amount of income earned by the drug ' s Mind ' s chemical plate was $4.14 billion, and the total income earned by the 10 Indian companies api and cdmo operations amounted to $3.15 billion, representing 76 per cent of the income of the drug ' s mind.
There is a wide gap. The trend in the growth of the chemical business of Pharmacine Condé passed through the new crown epidemic, with 41.3 per cent income cagr in 2019-2023, and an average of 6.5 per cent of the 10 Indian companies in the same period, of which div'slab and syngene cagr were 5.7 per cent and 9.9 per cent, respectively, and Pharmacén condé gained a faster rate of income growth with larger incomes.
Efficient expansion of production capacity and continuous technological upgrading are the driving forces behind the high income growth of the drug Mind Condex. It is enough to keep up with the global trend of medical innovation and seize business opportunities in a timely manner. The best example of this is the large number of new crown commercial orders taken by the drug Minden Cond during the new crown, as well as the sustained high-speed growth in the multiplier business.
The combined capex and r&d costs of 10 Indian companies in 2023 amounted to 53 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively, of Pharmacy Condex. The cumulative capex inputs of Pharmacy in the last five years (2018-2023) were 7.3 and 12.3 times for Div's and Syngene, respectively, and the cumulative r&d inputs were 20.4 times for Syngene.
Here, we believe that drug Minkand has a great advantage over Indian companies in terms of production capacity and technology. It is worth noting that in India, capex spending will increase by about 50 to 15 billion Indian rupees (about $180 million), while Syngene plans to increase capex spending by about 9 to 60 million dollars in 25 years.
At the end of 2023, there were over 410,000 employees, of whom R & D accounted for 82%. The total number of employees in 10 companies in India was close to 63,000, with R & D accounting for an average of 26%, with the number of R & D staff in Syngene and Divi'slab.
There were 5,656 and about 600 people, or 69 and 3 per cent of their total workforce. In terms of single-staff output, Pharmacíon Condé was a big leader in all 10 Indian companies, with a human impact of $139,000 in 2023 and an average of $71,000 for 10 Indian companies, of which Div'slab and Syngene had a human impact of $57,000 and $53,000, respectively.
In terms of employee costs, based on company financial reporting data, the average per capita wage for Pharmacy Conde was $40 million per year in 2023, compared with an average of $12,000 for 10 Indian companies. In addition, the average income per unit of Pharmacine Conde was $3.4 dollars, which is significantly lower than the average of $6.4 for Indian companies, showing the advantages of Indian companies in terms of employee costs.
This indicator for Syngene in the innovative drug cdmo business is $4.0, which is close to the drug Ming Conde. While Indian companies have a significant advantage in terms of human costs over Ming Conde, as Indian companies develop more valuable innovative drug cdmo areas, the capacity requirements for their employees will increase and the cost of their employees will inevitably increase.
The average wage per capita of 2019-23 is faster than the price of the drug. More importantly, international client selection criteria for cdmo partners include a combination of compliance, quality, speed, and price.
Figure 6: Comparison of the income of Pharmacator and Indian companies in 2023, Figure 7: Comparison of the income of Pharmacinder and Indian companies in 2019-23: Hakal for their counterfeit api+cdmo, Piramal/aragen for their cdmo,
The rest of the companies account for their total revenues. Pharmacy 2023 refers to the fiscal year up to December 2023, while Indian companies 2023 refers to the fiscal year up to March 2024, the same year.
Figure 9: Comparison of the share of Pharmacy and Indian companies, capex, 2023, Figure 10: Comparison of Pharmacy and Major Indian companies, cumulative capex, five years, Figure 11: Comparison of Pharmacy and Indian companies, r&d, 2023
Figure 12: Cost rates for drug Minding Cond and Indian company r&d
Figure 13: 5-year cumulative r&d costs for Pharmacy and Focus India Corporation, Figure 14: Comparison of staff of Pharmacy and Indian Corporation, 2023, Figure 15: Comparison of R & D staff of Pharmacy and Indian Corporation, 2023
Figure 17: Comparison of the wages of the employees of the pharmaceutical and Indian companies in 2023, Figure 16: Comparison of the performance of the pharmaceutical and Indian companies in 2023, Figure 18: Per capita wages of the pharmaceutical and Indian companies in 2019-23
Figure 19: In India, the infrastructure base is weak as a result of the income per unit of wages generated by Pharmatin Kandeh and Indian companies in 2023. The pharmaceutical industry in India has long been dependent on imports from China due to China ' s size advantages and the production cost advantages associated with R & D inputs.
Api produces preparations. According to data published jointly by the Confederation of Indian Industries (Confederationofindianindustry) and kpmg, China accounted for more than 60% of imports of raw materials in India, rising from 62% in fiscal year 2012 to 68% in fiscal year 2019. Meanwhile, according to data from the China Association for the Import and Export of Pharmaceutical Health Products, 70% of India in fiscal year 2019.
In order to improve the stability of the country’s supply of raw materials, the Government of India launched the Productive Linkage/Plischemes scheme in March 2020, the first to confirm entry into the second series of industry lists (pli 2.0) launched in September of that year, which continues to include drug production.
According to the Pli1.0 plan, the Government of India aims to increase the domestic capacity of 41 key bulk drugs by investing Rs. 69.4 billion (approximately US$ 830 million) in 51 projects for 34 major drugs. As of January 2023, 22 of these projects, Rs. 20.2 million (approximately US$ 240 million), and 1,900 employees have been hired.
55 applicant companies were selected for drug production, with a planned investment of Rs. 150 billion (approximately $1.79 billion). Figure 20: India’s dependence on Chinese api (2019 fiscal years) India’s water, electricity, etc. infrastructure is weak and still needs to be upgraded over a longer period of time. In terms of electricity supply, according to the World Energy Statistics Year.
China ' s total electricity generation in 2023 was 946 trillion kWh, India ' s total electricity generation in 2023 was 196 trillion kWh, and China was 4.8 times India ' s. Based on the huge difference in electricity generation, the quality of electricity in China and India also varies considerably.
In terms of water supply, China has more stability than India and more than the world average. According to the World Bank, the stability of water supply in China was rated by 4.89 in 2019, compared to 4.35 in India, with a global median of 4.86.
As two of the most populous countries in the world, China and India have adequate labour resources; both countries benefit from an engineer dividend, in line with sustainable education resources. According to data from the education sector in both countries, China and India study medicine and modernization.
More than 2 million people attended school, providing a wealth of talent for the development of the pharmaceutical industry.
Europe is a traditional home to the pharmaceutical industry, with a large number of internationally known chemical cdmo companies. As global medical and pharmaceutical research and development companies are also concentrated in Europe and the United States, Europe’s chemical cdmo and the world’s world-renowned pharmaceutical companies have been established for a long time.
Partnership, playing an important role in global drug research and development and production. But, on a business scale, Europe’s chemical cdmo company is significantly smaller than its drug Mind. Catalent, based in the United States, earned $2.43 billion in 2023 from pharmaceutical and consumer medical plates.
Siegfried earns approximately $1.42 billion in 2023 and serves more than 500 global clients. The Swiss leader, Cdmo Commodore Lonza, earned about $10.0 billion in 2023 for small molecules.
The catalent pharmaceutical and consumer medical plate provides a wide range of formulation development and production services, the €1.2 billion (about $1.3 billion or 55% of total income) of the Luxembourg-based fereva agent business in 2023, and the SwF 410 million (siegfried) of the 2023 agent business.
(approximately $460 million, or 32 per cent of total income). The drug Mindcdmo business is dominated by api production, the company owns large api plants in Changzhou, Taejing, and is expanding the capacity of Taehingapi and the new Singapore api plant. The product is produced locally by customers in Europe and America, and most of the formulation cdmo production is distributed in the Euro-American region.
In order to better meet clients’ needs, and to expand their agent production capacity in the US and Switzerland, Europe’s chemical cdmo production capacity is largely distributed in developed Central and Western Europe, such as Germany, France, Switzerland, Sweden, Spain, and Italy, overseas production of which is dominated by the US, with a few having production facilities in China.
These companies have high labour costs, significantly higher than their Asian competitors, including China and India. We believe that drug control is increasing overseas production capacity, but their api capacity will remain largely in China, and will continue to benefit from the slow pace of production expansion of the significant European-American companies.
We collated data from 15 Euro-American chemical cdmo companies, and we found significant differences between these companies in terms of volume of income, output, inputs, research and development, and staff costs. In terms of volume of income, in 2023, those companies earned $4.14 billion, and 15 Euro-American bid companies, cdmo industry, paid $4.14 billion.
The highest income of Catalent is $2.43 billion, equivalent to 59% of Pharmacy's income. There are several European and American counterparts with revenues ranging from $1.05 billion to $1.15 billion, and they are more competitive. The chemical business of Pharmacono Conde grew by 12% at the new crown, with Catalent and siegfried, respectively, 4% and 14%, focusing on polycdmo.
The large-scale, technologically and productive inputs of the drug are the basis for their high income growth. The capex and r&d costs of the drug are far higher than those of their counterparts in Europe and America.
The sum of capex costs in 2023 is equivalent to 165% of the drug’s supply (75% of vs 2022), and the sum of r&d’s cost is 3.7 times more than the sum of the product’s investment in siegfried. The cumulative capex inputs in the same period were 6.6 times and 8.1 times that of lonza and siegfried, respectively.
The cost of capex for small molecular operations has been reduced by 14 per cent, and the company-wide share of capex in revenue is planned to be reduced to 18 per cent in 2028 (25 per cent of vs 2023). Given the focus of lonza ' s operations in the field of biopharmaceuticals, it is anticipated that lonza ' s capex inputs for small molecular operations in the coming years will be limited.
The capex input may not increase significantly. The capex input, which focuses on polytherms, grew by 103% in 2023 because of the demand for polythermal drugs, and management expects capex to grow by less than 20% in 2024.
By the end of 23, there were more than 410,000 employees in the drug Minkand, while the total number of employees in Euro-American companies focused on chemical cdmo operations was 0.74 million and siegfried 0.370,000, respectively. In terms of single-employee output, Euro-American companies generated income on average based on price advantages and product combination differences (e.g., more formulation operations).
It is higher than the pill, which was 139,000 dollars in 2023, and Euro-American, which averaged 273,000 dollars, of which 193,000 and 384,000 dollars are worth. We believe that this also shows that there is still much room for improvement in the average human value of the drug.
In terms of staff costs, the average per capita wage for Pharmacator Condé in 2023 was $40 million per year, compared with the average of $108,000 per year for the eight European companies for which data are available. Based on lower labour costs, Pharmacéncond earns $3.4 per unit of salary, which is higher than the average of $2.8 for the eight European and American companies, of which recipharm and siegfried are respectively.
3.0 and 3.2. At the same time, we note a rapid increase in per capita wages for some European and American counterparts, which may be higher than the high and 9.8%, or 6.5%, of the drug’s Ming Condex, which will further highlight the advantages of the drug’s Ming Condé compared to its European and American counterparts at the employee cost. The cost advantages of the drug are more pronounced if the RMB exchange rate changes are taken into account.
The cdmo partner criteria include a combination of compliance, quality, speed, and price factors. We believe that drug Ming Condex, with better delivery efficiency and lower cost than U.S. and U.S. companies, will continue to generate revenues from international markets and consumer medical plates, lonza will earn revenues from its chemical plates, and the rest of the companies will receive the total.
Catalent refers to fiscal year income up to June 2024, dottikon to fiscal year up to March 2024, and the rest of the companies to fiscal year up to December 2023, the same amount. cmbinternational
Figure 28: Capex size 2023 by Pharmacy and Euro-American, Figure 29: Percent Conduit and Euro-American, Capex income ratio 2023 Inputs, lonza inputs for its chemical plate capex, and the rest of the companies invest in the total capex
Figure 30: Drug Mind Condex and Focus Europe and America 5 years cumulative capex figure 31: Drugs and Europe and America R &d 2023 Figure 32: Drug Mind and Europe and America r &d costs as a percentage of income
Figure 33: Full-scale start-up machine dsubsidiaryofchinamerchania for Pharmacy Conde and Focus Europe and America for 5 years
Figure 34: Comparison of the number of employees in Pharmacíon Condé and E.A. in 2023, Figure 35: Comparison of the effects of Pharmacíon Condé and E.C. in 2023, Figure 36: Per capita wages in Pharmacíon Condé and E.C. in 2023
Figure 37: Per capita wages of Pharmacies Conduit and Euro-Americans 2019-23, cagr per capitapedide, Figure 38: Collections per unit of wages of Pharmacies Conduit and Euro-Americans 2023
The company's business is expected to recover steadily, and the doppelganger business becomes a strong growth engine, and the company closely follows the global trend towards drug research and development, with a forward-looking deployment of the doppelganger research and development and production business.
The total drug industry created the c(d)mo service capacity for polythermium and oligarbate in 2018, introduced a new molecular business section focused on polythermal and oligarbate, and increased commercial production capacity in 2019. With the growing potential of polythermal drugs, such as Magrubium and Terpodone, in the area of metabolic diseases, companies have become dilated in recent years.
The business has also grown rapidly, with the result that its top-down business layout has been rewarded, accounting for 8% of total income per year. Based on the rapidly growing global demand for polyglyphs, the drug Myung Conde has continued to expand its production capacity, and its multi-deepness has increased significantly from 6,000 litres in 2022 to 32,000 litres in early 2024, and is scheduled to do so by the end of 2024.
Management has indicated that the company ' s total production capacity will exceed 100,000 litres after 2025. On this basis, I accounted for 22 per cent of the total income of the drug ' s business in 2026. Figure 40: Revenue from the drug ' s business.
In the face of an increasingly complex global trading environment and growing customer demand, the company has been building a global network for the development and production of cdmo chemicals. Over the past five years (2018-2023), the company has invested cumulatively $28 billion in capex.
A dollar (about $4.1 billion), equivalent to 21% of its accumulated income over the same period, is invested in building domestic capacity, including large-scale api production facilities in Changzhou and Tae-hing. The drug Myung-kwan plans to invest about $5 billion in capex in 2024, which will be used mainly for the construction or expansion of its overseas capacity, including api facilities in Singapore, in the United States.
The company’s total investment in plants in Singapore is expected to be $1.4 billion, and a phase 1 project is expected to be launched in 2027 and will be the only api base overseas to provide small molecules, oligolic acids, polypyridium, and soybean services. The U.S. formulation plant will be the company’s largest overseas agent facility, which is expected to be launched in 2027.
The pharmaceutical center is expanding its preparations facility in Kuway, Switzerland, and will double the base’s oral preparations and packaging capacity. When overseas bases are delivered, the drug base will build a service counter that can provide the same standard, from api to a formulation, at home and abroad, not only better to meet the needs of diversified customers, but also to help companies to hedge geopolitical uncertainties.
The United States interest rate reduction is expected to lead to a recovery in early global research and development needs.
The early decline in Pharmacy's business is largely affected by the decline in global financing for pharmaceutical investment. Clients prioritize resources to advance priority projects, especially in the post-clinical and commercial stages. Because of the successful follow-the-molecuclecrdmo strategy, we believe that the recovery of early R & D needs will lead to the company as a whole.
The Fed’s interest rate for effective federal funds will remain at a low level of no more than 2% for a long period of time until 2020. According to the anorexia, global health financing during 2013–19, though volatile, has continued to grow overall, reflecting global health-care trends.
As the Fed began a radical interest increase in 2022, health financing fell rapidly, returning to pre-epidemiological levels.
On September 18 this year, the Fed announced a 50-base reduction between federal funds’ interest rates. We noticed a rapid rebound in global health financing, with a significant increase of 141% in September 24.
As a result, we expect that when the United States enters a downward trend in interest rates, health financing will increase and will drive improved demand for early medicine research and development worldwide. The early operations of Physics Condé are also expected to show figure 42: the relationship between global health financing and interest rates (quarterly).
Figure 43: Relationship between global health finance and interest rates (monthly) Strong growth in corporate orders and recovery trends are now benefiting from the expected recovery in global demand for pharmaceutical research and development, as well as from the continued growth in the capacity of drug-smuggling clients to serve them.
Condé’s active orders are showing a strong recovery at 1h24. According to the data disclosed by Pharmacine Condt’s investors, by June 2024, the company’s hand orders amounted to $43.1 billion, an increase of 22.4 per cent compared to the end of 2023, and a strong increase of 33.2 per cent over the same time when the new Crown commercial order was removed.
So the hand orders up to the end of 2023 did not include new crown orders, where Tides’ hand orders increased significantly by 147% over the same period. For a long time, the drug Myung Conde’s hand orders crossed the new crown cycle and maintained a rapid growth trend.
Oneh24, it is 37% of hand orders cagr, of which d&m (under the chemical plate) are related to the importance of continuous input of hand orders into productive capacity in order to seize potential business opportunities. We believe that America’s entry into a substantial interest-reduction route will further improve the drug-ming Cond’s order environment, so we see the potential for continued recovery of drug-ming Cond’s performance.
To reflect the reduced uncertainty of the bill and the recovery in performance brought about by the growth of hand orders.