A big wave cycle, a big wave cycle, a big one, a big wave cycle, a big one, a big one, a lot of smart cloud applications, a big one, a big one.
On March 03, 2025, the high rate of development of the NCN’s infrastructure and the country’s technological and technological excellence are promising new opportunities. A major trend in autonomous control has been defined and gradually deepened, with state-owned companies building the country’s new network’s infrastructure.
A major player plays a “bottom” role in our digital economic development. Telecommunications operators have a huge network of servers and a strong numeracy base, and, as representatives of the national team, respond positively to the central configuration of digital economic intelligence, and promote artificial intelligence more quickly.
New changes are expected to be more than anticipated, and telecommunications operators are pushing for cloud computing, and the whole industry chain layout of Zhao Liang Bei from Yaas to saas. China Connect is a new leader in intelligence applications, network information security, big data operations, etc.
The domain is expected to integrate resources, optimize the industrial chain layout, and build a new, more sophisticated science and technology ecology. We believe that in the process of reform of telecommunications operators, the value of undervalued state-owned capital is expected to rise steadily, with steady growth in performance and the value of medium- and long-term investment by companies.
5g “harvest period” ict integrated development, 2b/2c high-end and business performance is expected to be higher than expected.
Upwards, the penetration rate of 5g users has risen steadily, the arpu value has risen steadily, and the collection of major communications links is expected to increase robustly. In large computing operations, corporate capital spending has stabilized and optimized, while effectively reducing cost-side pressures and, on the other hand, further contributing to the development of QI.
With regard to big data operations, the company has taken the lead in achieving a uniform collection of data across the country’s 31 provinces, establishing a major data operations subsidiary, with a focus on digital assets and data elements.
In large applications, the country's production is relatively deep, 300, the arithmetic is changing, with companies prepositioning more than 270 backbone clouds across the country, with access to a wide range of products.
In the context of large-scale security operations, politics and corporations, the Department of Public Administration and State-owned enterprises, with the advantages of natural safety endorsements, territorial advantages, channels, etc.
The company is constantly implementing the “ai+” action plan, improving the integrated layout of the cloud edges, and building ports of arrival and call in Shanghai.
The company has always attached great importance to shareholder returns, and has continued to increase its share of the dividends.
Long-term corporate development gains. As a leader in corporate science and technology, making full use of chain-long roles, data, arithmetic and arithmetic industry-wide configurations, corporate profitability, cash-flow assets constantly improving, asset values and asset values, the sustainability and resilience of rapid corporate development are expected to be higher than expected.
Industry depth: Upgrade re-engineering, focus on “chain masters” investment proposals: new changes in network infrastructure, wider access to downstream ai applications are expected to be more than expected, companies are largely well run to promote quality development, and the “ai+” breakthrough has been made to build a second growth curve.
The new break-up – the country’s business leads the theme of enabling countries to upgrade their new-quality productivity.
Risks in the period; aigc technology applications fall short of expectations. Catalog I, Connecting innovation and equity optimization, deepening reforms for upgrading the industry chain
(i) Continuous innovation and change in the upgrading of communications services since its establishment in 1994, China has been experiencing several key stages of development, starting with mobile communications operations, from telecommunications service enterprises to technology service enterprises, which have evolved into science, technology and innovation-led, global leading full-time telecommunications operations
Business, and as an important business block for China's connectivity — the second curve business also went through the “first phase of Fluttershy 1994-2008: breaking the ice and laying the groundwork for China's connectivity, which was formally established on 19 July 1994, breaking the monopoly of the communications market and opening up market-based competition.
In 1995, the company launched a gsm-based 2g network, which helped China’s telecommunications industry move into the digital age. In 2001, China Connect became the world’s largest cdma network, becoming a small number of operators running both gsm and cdma networks.
Phase II 2009-2014: 3g leads, accelerated transition, and in 2009, China United acquired a wcdma 3g license plate, quickly realizing the 3g network pilot commercialization, which was completed at the time.
The largest wcdma network. In the same year, companies sold iphone3gs and iphone3g to promote mobile Internet distribution. In 2011, China Connect launched its first business informatization service, using finance and small and medium-sized enterprises as entry points, to promote industrial trust.
In 2014, as the 4g commercial advance, China’s connectivity accelerated the deployment of hotspots such as idc and cloud computing, and ict, laying the groundwork for a digital transition. Phase III 2015-2019: 4g universal, integrating innovation
In 2015, China connected to a commercial 4g network based on the ltefdd system, promoting mobile Internet penetration and proposing “Wo4g+” to enhance user experience. In the same year, the company built its first “all-light network” province in Shandong, accelerating the transformation of fixed network fibre optics.
In 2018, the number of company-owned Internet companies increased to 12, making innovation a major driver of income growth. Phase IV 2020-2024: 5g enabling, intellectual upgrading.
In 2019, China Connect acquired 5g commercial license plates, shared 5g networks with Chinese telecommunications, and built the first 5gsa shared network with the largest model and fastest network. In 2020, the company released the 5g+Industrial Internet solution, promoting 5g applications in the vertical sector. In 2021, China Connect released Cube-net3.0 to promote network-to-calculation networks.
In 2023, second-curve operations received 75.2 billion yuan, accounting for 23.5 per cent of the main battalion's operating income. In 2024, China connected to a 5g-a key technology commercial deployment in more than 100 cities, launching a 2-per-cent concret model, enabling urban governance and industry.
In the course of its development over the past 30 years, China has consistently promoted network upgrading, technological innovation and service optimization, from breaking monopolies to leading innovation, from traditional telecommunications services to intellectual transformation, which has contributed significantly to the development of the communications industry in China. Figure 1: China’s 30-year development of connectivity in 1994-2024
· 1994: China Connect was established.
2019: 5g licence plate, built together: 2009: 3g license plate, completed 2015: commercial 4g network, proposed
Share the world's largest 5gsa network, the world's largest wcdma network, "Wo4g+", with the first full light.
1995: launch of 2g network, 2021: release of cube-net3.0, network
The Digital Age has launched the Connected Cloud 7.0 service.
2001: Towards the world's largest 2023: Integrating Local Industries Interconnection 2012: Building Smart Cities
Industry Internet Corporation (Cdma Network), which has 18 branches in 16 major industries
2018: Increase in the number of industrial Internet companies 2008: merger with the Chinese Internet
2014: Layoutidc and cloud computing, up to 12, innovation business became a growth group and business-wide operator
2024: Commercial deployment of 5g-a, driving digital transformation
(ii) Strategic investors promote diversification and optimize equity for market-based governance Companies have diversified and appropriately concentrated their equity structures through the introduction of strategic investors and mixed ownership reforms. China Connect has successfully introduced Internet giants, including Tsing, Peto, Kyundong, Alibaba, among others, as strategic investors and through technology
Technical and operational cooperation has contributed to the development of companies in new business areas such as cloud computing, big data, physical networking, and artificial intelligence, which have led to shareholder structures that maintain a dominant position in state capital and diversify equity, providing more market-based elements for corporate governance and decision-making. At the same time, China’s interconnected equity structure has shifted from a high concentration to a moderate concentration.
China’s networked equity structure is highly concentrated; after the mix, the cr1 index fell from 62.74% to 35.85%, and the cr10 index increased considerably, with the spread of the equity structure gradually increasing. After the mix, China’s connection improved significantly in terms of business performance, development architecture, capital leverage, etc., and provided a solid basis for China’s rapid development in the emerging business areas.
The foundations are expected to make even greater strides in digital transformation and intellectual upgrading. Figure 2: China’s Connected Stock penetrating Map (up to 2024q3) (iii) Deeper reforms are advancing, with an increased role for network industry chain “chain masters” leading.
Since 2023, the National Investment Commission has maintained a “one-for-five-per-cent” system for the management of central enterprises as a whole. The target of “one-for-five-per-cent” remained unchanged in 2024, with the specific requirement of “one-for-profit growth, five-percent sustained optimization”, i.e., a steady increase in central business efficiency, total profits, net profits and net return on the home side.
The overall asset-liability rate has remained stable, risk prevention and mitigation in high-quality development, determined to be a strategic force in the overall construction of socialist modern powers, leading forces in the overall upgrading of the country's industrial system.
The 20th plenary session noted the need to deepen the reform of state-owned enterprises, establish State-owned enterprises, implement strategic mission evaluation systems, and promote the concentration of state-owned enterprises into forward-looking, strategic and emerging industries. Communication as a key base for digital infrastructure, and the acceleration of new infrastructure processes such as country teams leading to arithmetic capacity, looking ahead, operators becoming increasingly profitable as conglomerates.
The willingness to achieve higher-quality development, with high dividends and dividends, is expected to be further strengthened, with the S&T industry chain playing a “chain-long” role empowering new-quality productivity, and high-quality development leading to higher-than-expected digital economic development. The three major operators’ reforms are beginning to bear fruit, driven by the policy of deepening the country’s policy of reform.
The company focuses on three directions: network, data, and intelligence, increasing R & D investment, increasing R & D investment by 13% in the first half of the year, reinforcing original, leading science and technology efforts, generating arithmetic, networking, credible data resources spatial platforms, and macro-scenario models. As of the first half of the year, the company was responsible for a number of landmark results, such as "5g."
Key technologies and engineering applications were awarded the National Science and Technology Progress First Prize in 2023. In terms of efficiency gains, companies increased the effectiveness of the network, reducing the combined energy consumption of telecommunications operations by 6% in the first half of the year.
And the aiot product matrix, which gives priority industries such as the Internet for enabling industries, digital government, car networking, etc.; steadily increasing the scale of integrated security services and safe cloud markets for the “safe chain” of industry, and sustaining the boom in industry ecology.
The two-digit growth in the basics of the operator sector and in the total volume of telecommunications operations, as seen in recent years by the three major operators, China Connect, China Mobile and China Telecommunications have shown robust performance in many areas, including profitability, operating power, and growth capacity.
The level of operating income and profitability of businesses has remained steady, and it is a matter of concern that China Connect has sustained double-digit growth in net profit growth, the eighth consecutive year of its three-quarters financial statements, which have led to double-digit growth, making it profitable. In terms of market patterns, China Connect and China Telecom have somewhat narrowed the gap in movement with China.
The ratio of credit receipts and net profits was 26.60 per cent and 19.73 per cent, respectively, an increase of 0.10 pcts and 0.40 pcts compared to the same period last year; China, Galaxy securities, figure cgs, China, figure 3: a steady increase in the size of the three major operators
Figure 4: Annual growth rate of three major operators in line with expectations Figure 5: Sustained growth in profit size by three major operators Figure 6: Sustained higher growth in net return profits by three major operators
A breakdown of the income from the main operations of the three major operators reveals that traditional operations, such as mobile communications and fixed broadband, always account for the largest share, constituting the “basic plate” of their main operations, and that the number of users is even more important. According to the latest data from the Ministry of Information and Communications, the communications industry as a whole was stable as of November 2024.
The network infrastructure, such as the web, the Internet, has advanced in depth, the number of users connected has continued to expand, and mobile Internet access flows have grown faster. Overall, the total volume of telecommunications operations has remained at double-digit growth. Over the first 11 months, the cumulative income from telecommunications operations has been $15.47 billion, an increase of 2.6 per cent over the previous year's constant prices, and the total volume of telecommunications operations has increased by 10 per cent over the same year.
By the end of November, the total number of fixed Internet broadband users in the three basic telecommunications enterprises had reached 670 million, a net increase of 33.79 million since the end of the previous year. Of these, 635 million, or 94.8 per cent, were fixed Internet broadband users with access rates of 100 mps and above; and 1,000 mps and above.
The rate of access to fixed Internet broadband reached 209 million households, or 31.2 per cent of the total number of users, up 5.5 pcts from the end of the previous year. With high-speed user growth, households have access to a bandwidth of 515.3 mbps/households, increasing faster than in the same period, and the number of users of iptv (Internet TV) has steadily increased. As of the end of November, three basic telecommunications enterprises had developed beehives.
The share of users of iptv (Web TV) reached 59.6 per cent, a net increase of 6.665 million as compared to the end of the previous year, and mobile Internet traffic continued to increase faster in terms of telecommunications usage, with the dou value remaining high in November.
In the first 11 months, cumulative mobile Internet traffic amounted to 30.6 billion gb, an increase of 12 per cent over the same year. By the end of November, mobile Internet users had reached 1,568 million, a net increase of 43.8 million compared to the end of the previous year. In November, average mobile Internet access traffic (dou) had increased by 5.2 per cent over the same year; mobile SMS revenue had increased by 2.2 per cent over the same period.
At the end of the month, the number of Internet broadband access ports nationwide reached 1.2 billion, a net increase of 63.6 million since the end of the previous year. Of these, the number of fibre-optic (ftth/o) access ports reached 1,160 million, representing 96.5 per cent of the Internet broadband access ports. By the end of November, the number of 10gpon ports with gigabytes of Internet services reached 2,792,000, a net increase of 4,896,000.
4.191 million, or 33.2 per cent of the total number of mobile base stations, represented an increase of 4.1 pcts compared with the end of the previous year. Over the year 2024, China's connectivity to the Great Link reached a cumulative 1,137 million households, 5g meals reached an aggregate of 290 million households, and PACT connections reached an aggregate of 625 million households.
In the case of intelligence services, 98.8 per cent of smart clients and 85.2 per cent of smart clients, the cumulative number of authorized patents for science, technology and innovation was 1,436 in the current year. (ii) The volatility of the telecommunications cycle prompted new operators and the ability of one to accelerate the digital transformation.
The telecommunications market presents a clear cyclical feature. Operators are now facing the twin challenges of slowing up flows and the traditional flow-disposal model, the ceiling. As the 5g dividend subsides, construction of the 6g has not yet begun, and operators need to find new ways of operating to ensure stable market development.
Connecting, Chinese mobile and Chinese telecommunications have been active in new and emerging areas, focusing on the low-altitude economy, satellite communications, intelligence calculations, and a two-curve operation with differentiated layouts that are expected to yield new returns. Meanwhile, operators are also exploring new business models, such as a three-wave aggregation of 5 g-a to speed up the network, a higher-value package, and a digital switch.
Operators are looking for new growth opportunities in the b2b market by expanding services beyond connectivity. According to the gsma think tank, the combined annual growth rate of core telecommunications services for global operators (cagr) was only 3% between 2023 and 2030, while the unconnected technology service cagr was 14%. In 2023, the value of the off-link service market was approximately US$ 426 billion.
By 2030, it is expected to grow to nearly $1 trillion. Of this, cloud and data centre operations are growing faster, with market values. Transport and financial services will be the main downstream clients of cloud, data centres and property networking services provided by operators.
A strong cross-ecological integration capacity for business is its greatest advantage, and the provision of integrated multidisciplinary services, including cloud, margin computing, security, ai, iot, etc., helps to build long-term partnerships with the vertical sector. With its core resources and rich business scenes, operators demonstrate significant advantages in the area of large models and become common human intelligence.
On the one hand, operators have sufficient and flexible numeracy, data and network resources that can provide a full and effective supply of elements in the long term for large models, as well as unique arithmetic, arithmetic and idc resources, and high-quality transmission networks and arithmetic network services.
On the other hand, operators provide a rich landing scenario for large models, based on mega-groups of users covering individuals, families, businesses, and government information services. At present, the three largest operators in the country have invested in the construction of super-manacre intelligence clusters to promote them.
In addition, operators have accumulated a wealth of experience in the intellectualization of complex systems, such as intellectual networks, smart customer services, and social management, and have been able to combine business needs, plan the fit-out of large models and small models, create synergies between existing models, integrate them efficiently with existing production systems, and accelerate the promotion of intelligence in other priority sectors of the national economy.
In the first three quarters of 2024, China Connect, China Mobile, and China Telecom significantly increased their R&D investment, showing a double-digit increase. Specifically, China Connect cost about 5.44 billion yuan, an increase of 26.0%, compared to 26.0% in China’s mobile R&D costs.
20.3 billion yuan, an increase of 34.4 per cent over the same period; China's telecommunications research and development costs of 8.75 billion yuan, an increase of 19.3 per cent over the same year; and the three main operators' focus on development directions: China's connectivity will maintain the overall thrust of a steady and medium-sized drive for innovation in networks, technologies and services, and will achieve robust growth in business income and double-digit profits; China's movement will deepen the “one, two, two and five” strategy.
China’s telecommunications strategy of “Cloud Re-numbering” has been pursued in depth, promoting service, technology, and safety-based enterprise development. China’s network of algorithms has increased efficiency in its intelligence operations, and the contours model has set in motion a new paradigm case.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the connection cloud generated 43,860 million yuan, an increase of 19.5% in the same year; the company's intellectual transformation of the data centre led to the acceleration of the aidc, which generated 19,690 million yuan, an increase of 6.8% in the same year; and an active contribution to the new household. In response to the need for big data transfer, the company created a high-volume, high-performance, high-intelligent network of computing intelligence in China.
In addition, China's network has been active in setting up a large model area, which was first released at the World Mobile Communications Congress in 2024, and upgraded to version 2.0 in July. The system includes a large base model (covering between 1 billion and 2 million US dollars).
70 billion parameters, a large model base and a wide industry model that supports acoustic multimodels and has fast-track customization capabilities. Version 2.0 achieves the cross-cutting of base capabilities (from 100 billion to 100 billion parameters), high-level certification of maas platforms, double filing and a rating of security capabilities, and the landing of 35 large industry models and more than 100 stick cases to build digital China.
(iii) 5g investment restructuring and the rise of new operations with capital expenditure optimized to enable arithmetic Capital spending by operators in 2025 will show a downward pattern in 5g investment, growth in arithmetic investment, and growth in digitized investment, with total capital spending falling slightly to a steady level. According to the Communications Industry, total investment by the three major operators was 334 billion in 2024.
In addition, operators optimize their investment structures, reduce the spread of network-building inputs, and instead increase the layout of emerging operations. The decline in capital spending helps to boost the free cash available to operators.
Flows, optimizes the financial situation, provides resources to support emerging business developments, while enhancing shareholders’ ability to return and promote robust profit growth. Operators’ capital expenditures are mainly divided into network building, second curve operations, and infrastructure maintenance and operating systems that support large sections, with network building, and second curve operations accounting for a larger share.
The number of projects in the field is relatively high, at 22%; in the area of numeracy, 18%; and in satellite communications, 18% of projects, although small, are important, reflect the dynamic growth in the new sector. Arithmetic investment is expected to be an important growth point in operator capital expenditure. In 2024, China ' s mobile capacity expenditure amounted to 47.5 billion.
In 2025, as the market increases the need for smart clouds, computing networks, intelligence services, and intellectual applications in the industry, operators will continue to invest more in arithmetic, such as the construction of a new 10,000-carat cluster and the expansion of 400-g computing networks.
In 2024, the government issued a number of policies to encourage low-altitude economic development, while operators, as the backbone of infrastructure construction, also played an important role in emergency communications security.
The continued expansion of existing operations, such as networks, car networks, digital cities, and new services such as the low-altitude economy, visual networking, and ai smarts, will flourish. In addition, the demand for digital upgrading by the operators themselves is emerging, which will further increase investment in the digital field (iv) boost efficiency gains, and value re-engineering is expected to generate valuation premiums.
Operators focus on shareholder returns, and the rate of dividends is expected to increase continuously. In the case of dividends, China’s connection to 2024 creates a greater value for shareholders. China’s telecommunications distributes dividends to all shareholders at a rate of over 70% of net profits in mid-2024, amounting to RMB0.1671, or RMB15.9 billion. Shareholders’ returns have increased significantly, rising to over 70% per share over three years.
Since the beginning of the year, the new government office has launched an launch meeting to study the integration of market value management into the performance appraisals of central business managers. It has directed central business leaders to pay more attention to the market performance of controlled companies, and to communicate confidence and stabilize expectations in a timely manner through the use of market-based growth, buy-backs, etc.
The board is encouraged to develop and disclose medium- and long-term red plans, increase the frequency of red fractions, optimize the red rhythm, reasonably increase the red rate, and increase investors’ sense of gain. Overall, the three operators are expected to continue to have high dividends, and the share of red is expected to increase.
iii. A steady upswing of the base plate, with marginal improvements resulting from the transformation of new and old kinetic energy, i.e. a steady advance in network infrastructure and a steady increase in the size of the Big Connected Basic Disk. As of 2024, China's Connected Connected Operations had been disclosed as “Big Pan”
In IUP, “Innovation applications”, “intellectual services” and “technology and innovation.” In IUP, the “big connection” grew by 0.91 per cent, with 5g sets of meals cumulatively reaching 290 million households and 625 million end-to-end connections. Innovations should reach 16059 clients with the 5g industry virtual network; and the intellectual services services rate of customer problem resolution in October 2024.
98.8 per cent, and 85.2 per cent, of intelligent passenger and intelligence services; in addition, the cumulative number of patents authorized by companies for the current year is 1,436. (ii) Several intelligence operations continue to advance, and innovative applications such as connecting to clouds for marginal improvement.
In the first half of 2024, income amounted to $43.5 billion/+6.6%, of which the Connected Clouds generated $31.7 billion/+58.2%. The company actively embraced the new opportunities offered by artificial intelligence, and continued to upgrade connectivity, intelligence, extra-valued autonomy, arithmetic operations, and a rapid growth in the Connected Cloud Business. The company ' s demand for transformational upgrading and information for thousands of households was eliminated.
It is necessary for companies to accelerate the integration of communications technology (ct), information technology (it), data technology (dt), operational technology (ot) with the vertical industry and the depth of the focus, and to actively explore the new blue sea of arithmetic. The size of the company’s computing power and the ability of its products to achieve breakthroughs, maintain the industry’s leadership, and create a set of political, corporate and medical cloud poles.
According to the Centre’s intellectual transformation, which led to a rapid growth in the AIDc business and an increase in the income of the idc business leading the industry. Revenue generation in the application of intelligence is expected to continue to grow in double digits. Companies go deep into the business landscape, integrate into the client ecology, and drive brain growth in double digits, with 24h1 generating $3.7 billion/+13.5%.
More than 270 backbone cloud pools were pre-positioned, connected to a variety of product scenes, and wide-ranging applications of the ai model in multiple scenarios and products were achieved, giving a strong impetus to the inclusive development of the ai technology and creating a virtuous circle. The scaling up of the company ' s smart applications has yielded significant results, with 5g industry applications totalling 30,000, covering 71 broad categories of the national economy and serving more than 8,500 5g.
Specialized network clients, leading in key sectors such as industrial Internet, digital government, and car networking, and maintaining market dominance in connection with vehicle connectivity. Actively contributing to new industrialization, with a cumulative build-up of more than 5,800 5g factories, servicing more than 12,000 5g network clients, more than 38,000 commercialization projects, and increasing the influence of the 5g+ industry Internet brand;
In general, companies accelerate the integration of the 5g technology-enabling digital economy and the real economy, providing a digital “new engine” for strategic and emerging industries and future industries.
Data elements value is expected to accelerate release, network security escort (\rightarrow)
Large-scale data governance and service practices, active use of data factor multipliers to create a multi-provincial and multi-provincial large-scale data platform and an economic platform; active participation in data factor market-based reforms, release of credible data resource spatial platforms and network solutions, consolidation of data infrastructure, working with multiple locations, big data companies, etc., to actively promote the creation of public data business models
New. By seizing policy opportunities, such as the Digital China project, the Data Elements x three-year action plan, companies have focused on strengthening the supply of data products and capabilities, enabling the full digital transformation of the economy and society. Based on a little concentration and technologically leading large data capabilities, according to the share of the industry for five consecutive years, they have been ahead of their counterparts; and insisting on the integration of intellectual innovation as a core driver, 12 of them.
Data governance capabilities are selected for the 2023 data governance industry map 2.0; data processing capabilities are ranked first; data processing capabilities continue to increase, with the daily collection of data doubling by 1.2pb, certified at the highest level of dcmm5 in history. Full-scale service is provided for the digital transformation of government, leading to the creation of a digital government ' s preferred brand, 15 provincial large government data platforms, smart city services.
With full chain length and robust Internet information security, companies are promoting strong growth in cyber-security operations, with 24h1 revenue reaching 1.4 billion yuan/+58.2%, increasing the supply of products, a “ink strike” security service platform, and working together to build products on the line.
Over 200 dollars to service more than 200 government and large-scale business clients; to act as an enabler in creating a secure market for industrial chains that attracts more than 100 resident partners to serve small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) over 10,000 times. Companies focus on such key directions as network security, data security, and information security to enhance the strategic layout of larger security operations.
The new physical security operating service model provides clients with the country’s first megacity digital safety operating centre, with over 50 tags.
"Safe" became an important association of China's connection brands.
The complex network is built on the foundation of Enron, built on the foundation of the "Safe Clouds" and enriched with the supply of Internet-based safety products.
Ink attack: a platform for safe operating services, Buddha: a market for industrial chain safety, co-production of products.
Companies, as “chain owners,” are expected to continue to lead, new business endowments, and medium- and long-term investment values are highlighted. We believe that operators, as national teams, low-value, high-growth, China Connect, as representative of the national science and technology team, and new capital changes for the beneficiary network are expected to exceed expectations. In particular, cloud expansion is accelerating towards the first camp, and higher growth with continued stability is expected to lead to further valuation improvements; and, at the same time, companies,
In recent years, the National Investment Commission has further studied the integration of market value management into the performance of central business leaders, leading central business leaders to pay more attention to, and pay more attention to, the market performance of publicly held companies and to marketize them in a timely manner through the use of market access.
The board is encouraged to develop and disclose medium- and long-term red transfers, increase the frequency of red transfers, optimize the red rhythm, increase the rate of fair red rates, and increase investors’ sense of gain. Overall, companies are expected to continue to have high dividends, with a consistently higher proportion of red.
With the latest company performance, we have chosen China's mobile, Chinese telecommunications as a comparable company. As of March 4, 2025, the average number of companies compared to the average.
The company is currently the only one that has achieved a double-digit increase in profits for the three major operators, with a higher growth rate than the industry average, and is covered for the first time with a “recommended” investment rating. Table 8: Comparable corporate valuation (as of 4 March 2025)
We use the fcff method for absolute valuations, with a discount rate using a weighted average capital cost wcc. We have a weighted average capital cost (wacc) of 0.1% positive and negative fluctuations, a sustained growth rate of 0.1% positive and negative fluctuations, and a sensitivity score for fcff. 1. Risk of domestic and foreign policy and technology friction uncertainties: the location and effects of policies may be mirrored by a number of factors.
If policies are not put in place, they may not achieve the expected economic boost, thus affecting the steady growth of the economy. 2. Operators’ emerging business is at a risk of less than expected: new technologies, such as cloud operations, are changing rapidly, if the operator is in the process of technological development.
Insufficient investment in development and innovation to keep pace with the ai+ development may fail to meet the needs of clients, limiting business growth. 3.aigc technology applications fall short of expectations: at present, the ai is still in the early, fast-paced stages of development, there is uncertainty about progress in technology development, and there is a risk of falling short of expectations in the location of applications.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.