Quarterly performance is steady and consistent with expectations, both in and out of the country, and there's a lot of reports of Heung Swe medicine.
In the first quarter of 2017, the company realized operating income of $3.169 billion, an increase of 18.76 per cent over the first quarter of 2017; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $812 million, an increase of 18.63 per cent over the same period.
1. Heptafluoride is expected to contribute to the elasticity of the overseas plate, which is expected to contribute 3,169 million yuan per quarter, an increase of 18.76 per cent over the previous quarter, resulting in a net profit of $812 million to the mother, an increase of 18.63 per cent, in line with market expectations.
Figure 1: Revenue from sales of Pombo terminal cyclophosphate (intitutional, wac, millions of United States dollars)
It is assumed that heptafluoroalkane, a species that has also started to sell abroad in collaboration with Sandoz, is expected to provide a elastic future for income growth abroad. Next, we will keep track of Pombo terminal sales revenue.
Anaesthetic line: The performance of the right metomy and heptafluoroalkanes was remarkable, with the right averaging at over 40 per cent, the right accelerosis at about 20 per cent, and the income from the acreage ammonium still rising at more than 10 per cent. The company’s financial costs also rose, mainly due to lower interest on bank deposits due during the reporting period and the effect of changes in exchange rates.
The export of overseas preparations is expected to become a double-breeding year, with stocks expected to grow at a high rate. The market share for cyclophosphamide has increased, with heptafluoroalkanes, aromatic ammonium, and Dositas starting to be marketed.
There are a lot of views on the domestic formulations: Apateni is already in the negotiating catalogue, and if it is in the health catalogue, it is expected to be traded quickly, taking into account the properties of Apateni.
The Dositas have been approved for import in the domestic market to combat breastfeeding. Anaesthesia line: right-wing Metomy is expected to sustain rapid growth in health care.
Anti-infection lines: Capofin was approved for net production through a priority review, and sales are expected to reach 200-300 million in a period of 1-2 years. Others: the first innovative drug, Ere Schebb, entered the new health-care catalogue and is expected to be sold more than 100 million in 17 years of high growth (Figure 2) and to reach 200-300 million in a stable future.
The priority review has brought new growth points in the country: the following first imitation of Hsing Swe in the priority review team, as well as the right metomi sulfontomy sulfadoxin and sulfadoxin to sodium ol, have all entered the new health insurance catalogue and are expected to be rapidly released with the initial roll-out.
During the reporting period, Arpadeni's oncology drug was introduced into the health-care negotiation catalogue. Apadeni is currently used mainly for small molecules with late stomach cancer, with sales earnings of over $800 million in 16 years.
On the basis of a 20% penetration rate of patients after entering health care, 3 cycles per patient, 28 days per cycle, iii clinical trials for liver cancer are under way, with greater potential for future sales. pd-1 entering iii, the country’s first home. On April 13, the Pd-1 antishr-1210 of Henry Medicine published “Shr-1210 Combining”
The trial announcement of the ii clinical study of patients with late non-small cell lung cancer on the first line of treatment means that the drug is the first in the country to enter clinical phase three of the pd-1 drug, which is expected to take the lead in the future and become another innovative heavy-pound bomb. Overseas: Shr8554 is approved by fda in the United States, allowing clinical trials to begin in the United States.
Small-molecular drugs targeting the diapolycene receptor (mor) can activate the morother receptor for pain treatment. Similar products are currently being studied abroad for the Trevena company, which is currently at the stage of clinical research in the United States. There is no such drug in the country at the clinical stage or on the market.
During the reporting period, the company announced its intention to establish a subsidiary in Jiangsu, the company's name being Sindi Medicines Ltd., Suzhou, with a registered capital of 1.5 billion yuan.
The Global Clinical Laboratory, as the global management headquarters for the Heng Swe Clinical Experiment, will be responsible for and coordinate clinical research and development of all innovative drugs in Heung Swe; The Clinical Data Science Centre will integrate global data resources and will be responsible for the collection, management, analysis, research, excavation and storage of clinical data, most importantly,
The site for the production of innovative medicines and high-end preparations is primarily responsible for the production of innovative drugs listed by Heung Swe over the next five years, as well as for the production of high-end preparations partially exported to Europe and the United States.
East’s financial and intellectual booms are frequent, with a lot of bright spots. The benefits are derived from heptafluoroane abroad, the power of Atraku ammonium, and the country’s new batches of capophene, the new admissions to health care, and the right-wing Metomy.
In addition, 2017 is expected to be the first year of the Henryanda outbreak, while several of the first varieties are expected to benefit from a high-priority review to accelerate their listing. We look forward to long-term corporate development and maintain a “recommended” rating.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the South's wealth, the source of the Yang Yang
Head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of work experience in the securities industry and three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. The first team leader in the crystal ball, first in the public list in 2016, and second in the non-public list. The seventh core member in the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member in the crystal ball in 2015.
China’s Galaxy Securities Company Ltd., People’s Securities Company Ltd., and Xi An Youngsen Pharmaceuticals Ltd. In July 2016, Hu Yong-Bai, a member of the United States, focused on investment opportunities such as chemicals, innovative industrial chains, and precision medicine.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.