The National Pharmacy Authority recently announced that the listing of Hinshie's protein, Uglywood, has been prioritized for review.
(ii) Clinical trials for the treatment of gout and rima iil (anaesthetic) clinical trials; 2) United States fda approved applications for new clinical trials for shr 9146 (ido inhibitors for cancer treatment) and shr 8554 (innovative painkillers); 3) anti-pd-1 single resistance (shr-1210) to conduct three new clinical trials, i.e.
In addition, 19k has yet to be technically reviewed by the National Veterinary Surveillance Service (NDA), which is responsible for the treatment of non-small-cell lung cancer (iii), the second-line monotherapy for esophagus cancer (iii) and the treatment of HUND (600276,ss) and the typical Hodge Kim lymphoma (ii).
a Average share of the pharmaceutical industry. Information disclosure part of the report. Although Apateni in 2017/18 will remain the main driving force for Heung Swe medicine, as a result of 1) wide marketing
The main products approved/listed by the National FDA after 2018 are: 19k (peg-gcsf), anti-pd-1, Rigretine, Qatarini and Farmitoni.
The long-term average market gain for mature global pharmaceutical firms is fully factored into the growth potential of the next five years. Newly high (peg is at the upper end of the three-year history zone), but it reflects the growth potential of new products and our confidence in corporate performance.
1) National FDA policy adjustments and key R & D projects failed; 2) prices were reduced; 3) US/EU cgmp standards were not met. For information, please refer to the Information Disclosure Appendix or contact your investment representative.
Heung-seo Medicine: Summary of financial data, who contributed to this report, Chen Zi-Yi
I, Chen Ji Yee, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the above-mentioned company or its securities. Moreover, any portion of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The investment summary section evaluates the investment environment of the unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with its industry and market. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our selection of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns on cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (the effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance problems facing the industry).
a A share of medicine: Wallan biology, Heung Swe medicine, re-starry medicine (a). Statutory disclosures relating to companies are not disclosed with specific information on: Heung Swe medicine (rmb49.51)
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspend rating (rs); we have suspended investment rating and pricing targets for such stocks due to lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy constraints in publishing reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks previously, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspension of research (cs): we have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not conduct a study on the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No significance (nm): this information is irrelevant and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.