Innovative drug layouts have continued to grow, and the ada approvals have moved forward steadily. Long-term competitiveness ratings: higher than industry averages. Heung Swe published a quarterly report in 2017, and the company achieved revenue of $3.169 billion in the first quarter of the year, a year-on-year increase.
Billion dollars, 17.43 per cent of the year-on-year increase; 0.34 dollars per share, with performance largely in line with expectations. Performance is largely in line with expectations, and Māori rates and sales cost rates have improved over the same period. The first quarter of 2017 came from a rising share of income from innovative medicines.
35.84 per cent, a decrease of 0.68 per cent over the same period. The steady increase in the Māori rate and the decline in the cost of sales have led to a steady increase in profits and performance, and Sioux has invested in establishing subsidiaries to strengthen innovative drug research and development and formulation production. 17 April 2017
“Performance is largely in line with expectations, innovation and overseas performance days, the company has invested $1.5 billion in the establishment of a subsidiary in Sioux State, Sindi Medicine, mainly in innovative drug research and development, clinical, and agent production.
2. Multi-wheel drive development. Rapid growth in performance - Heung Swe Medicines. New drugs will be developed to protect the future, both within the country and in overseas markets.
After Denny's arrival, the new varieties are expected to be on the market, and 19k and platinum violets are expected to be on the market gradually by the beginning of next year, corresponding to a peak of 2.5 billion and 1.5 billion sales, respectively. Moreover, the R&D is well under way and is expected to be marketed overseas.
The foreign market is gradually entering the harvest period, and the dodage is steadily advancing. It is expected that the company will continue to harvest the dodage in the offshore market in the second half of this year, and that overseas performance will increase in the second half of this year and in the first half of next year.
Quick. Fda accelerates the pharmaceutical approval review, with mixed advantages and disadvantages, and the speed of the approval is accompanied by more intense competition, which needs to be addressed rationally.
The impact of tenders on the price of generic pharmaceutical products: advances in innovation drug research and development have fallen short of expectations: overseas varieties have received low approvals (86230221), after which an average of the final rating has been calculated as the average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.