19k into the priority review, Apadeni followed by another 10 Heung Swe.
On May 23, cfda announced its intention to be included in the priority review process (seventeenth batch).
Biological products for classified treatment9 were included in the 17th priority review list on the basis that there is a clear therapeutic advantage over available treatments; significant specialization.
Sulphur Peapfestine, hhpg-19k, is the first biological innovation to enter into a priority review of Hing Swe, and the next high-profile bead in the Heung Swe's innovative product line.
Terney, Arqueu ammonium, right metomy, Iodine voltage, next over a billion levels, sulfur pelican-coated particle-based stimulators, g-csf, long-lived g-csf. g-csf, short- and long-lived.
Important drugs for treatment, mainly for the prevention and treatment of leukemia caused by neoplastic or chemotherapy, treatment of bone marrow disorders and bone marrow growth abnormal syndromes, annual reviews (Hang Swe Medicine (600276), neoplasms,
The reduction of potential infection complications in anti-white cells, and the neutrological fine particles associated with the infection Anesthesia, imaging, export of four major gold seizures, and the acceleration of the recovery of reduced cells. In clinical trial data, drug feedback, market share, etc.
The long-lived multiple effects of g-csf are clearly reflected on both sides of the story.
He was granted a priority review in 2017, or in 2017, or into the two-year year of the foreign danda + income. 2017-02-19. The main reason for the entry of sulfur Pefian is that it is available in comparison with the treatment available.
3. The HUNSRY MEDICAL EXPERIENCE EXPERIENCE: A QUALITY OF PRESENTATION, Anew recognition of HUNSIE ' s R & D and innovation capabilities. With the creation of exports and the addition of new recruits, the first national priority review was reversed.
New pharmaceutical product lines continue to be rich, and we believe that the company is running from a pseudo-pharmaceutical to an innovative drug.
Oncorys soluble adenoma virus, with exclusive permission, looks forward to the future and the future of the East's financial boom.
Global pattern: g-csf has passed over $6 billion, the amgen family is unique and has a strong long-term effect. In 2001, the first g-csf product (neupogen) was marketed globally, and was widely used in clinical white-up therapy. After the first long-acting g-csf product (neulasta) was marketed in 2002, global sales of g-csf grew rapidly.
Steady, with rapid growth in long-term effects. In terms of sales in 2015, the long-duration g-csf has already held an 80% market share in the overall g-csf market, with absolute dominance. Figure 1: Global g-csf market competition patterns
Figure 2: Global sales of mgen g-csf products, 2006-2015 Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East Domestic pattern: short-acting g-csf dominated by males, with great potential for long-activities substitution.
The sale of short-lived g-csf products in sample hospitals has increased from 300 million yuan to 700 million yuan (Figure 3), with an annual compound growth rate of 10 per cent. Long-lived g-csf sales in 2016 (Figure 4), with an increase of more than 300 per cent.
Figure 4: Short-actingg-csf competition patterns within the country Source of Eastern financial wisdom Figure 5: Long-acting g-csf analysis of sales growth over the years
Based on domestic g-csf sales data, domestic products have been replaced by the original foreign product (Haleblood). The short-lived product of Ziru pharmaceuticals, Srebeth, accounted for 46% of the domestic g-csf market in 2016, and was in the vanguard of the domestic market. Only two companies currently produce g-csf, including the stone cartel ' s s syrup and the new sweed (figure 4), and the short-acting g-csf now occupies the entire g-csf.
G-csf is now growing much faster than short-lived g-csf (300% vso.46%), and in view of the development of the foreign g-csf market, the domestic long-lived g-csf is a big trend in its constant replacement for short-lived g-csf. Currently, the overall domestic g-csf market is about 3 billion (more than 80%), and we predict the future.
In five years, G-csf will continue to replace G-csf with an overall market of more than 2 billion, while only two are currently approved for competition patterns.
In January 2017, the first of these was approved by the Priority Review Channel, which was the first to be approved by the Priority Review.
There is also a right metomic hydrochloric acid nose spray, a sulfuric liver to sodium injection fluid, a platinum injection fluid, an injection of violet sapol (protein combination), the basics and the point of view are shown in table 1, which is expected to be sustained. In addition to 19k, we focus on a variety of species, but also a source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
Table 1 provides an overview of priority review varieties, which is highly visible. It benefits from the power of heptafluoroane overseas, the ammonium of the accumulators, and the country’s new batch of capophene, the new admission to health care, right-wing Meto.
East's financial and intellectual source of Heung Swe medicine (600276): 19k is in the top of the list, Apadeni has another 1 billion-grade innovative medicine, and the company's revenue is expected to grow at about 20%. In addition, 2017 is expected to be the year of Heung Rinda, with several examples.
We look forward to long-term corporate growth, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Overseas operations are growing at a slower rate than expected, the risk of innovation medicine development, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): 19k to the top of the review, and Apalyani to a billion-grade innovative drug.
Head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of work experience in the securities industry and three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. The first team leader in the crystal ball, first in the public list in 2016, and second in the non-public list. The seventh core member in the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member in the crystal ball in 2015.
China’s Galaxy Securities Company Ltd., People’s Securities Company Ltd., and Xi An Youngsen Pharmaceuticals Ltd. In July 2016, Hu Yong-Bai, a member of the United States, focused on investment opportunities such as chemicals, innovative industrial chains, and precision medicine.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.