The Hing-swee Medicine (600276) pharmaceutical biology, the LbP-type review, is expected to be approved for the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Incident: cfda’s recent release (twentieth edition) of a drug registration application to be included in the priority review process, identifying the priority review to be given to the Heung Swe Medicines and Stone Medicines Group for the injection of purple filamentol (teprotein combination type).
Breast cancer, which is repeated within six months of the failure of combined chemotherapy, is an excellent product of innovative adaptation of the traditional form of purple supremol. It has a clear advantage over the traditional type of agent, as well as the lipid type, to have better pharmaceutical effects and to minimize the use of the traditional type of agent and lipid.
The body type produces allergies, and the patient has the greatest comfort in the injection process. The original product (abraxane) of the product was publicly approved by cergen in 2005 and by cfda in 2013. Global sales of the product have continued to increase, with sales of more than 1 billion dollars in two consecutive years.
Every year, all of the country's products (including the Dositas) are sold at about $6.2 billion, and the original research product, abraxane, is sold at about $320 million, or about 5 per cent, with a low rate of municipal participation. We believe that when national imitation products are approved, they will be marketed quickly to replace the original products, and that domestic firms will have greater scope for development in the future.
Companies and quarries are expected to be the first to be approved companies in the country, with clear market advantages. Many companies in the country declare the product, and these two companies have adopted a priority review of their replicas, which is expected to take place in the course of the year.
The same period of time was approved as the country’s first model. Among them, Henwe’s medicine is the largest anti-bang drug production and marketing company in the country, with product lines and sales teams as the country’s most complete, and it is expected that when approved, the company will be the largest sales company in the country, with a peak sales value of $1.5 billion.
The industry's leading position, the persistence of the strong, has gradually been highlighted, with several heavy-pound varieties pending approval in recent years, Heung Swe Medicine (600276): 19k prioritized for review, 1 global heavy-pound agent variety, expanding new adaptive conditions.
The U.S. company abraxisbioscience, developed by the United States and approved by fda in 2005, acquired abraxane in 2010 with $2.9 billion in initial payments by cergene to buy abraxis, which will be abraxane's income bag. The first Abraxane has been approved as a transferable breast cancer and has now been expanded to a non-minus level.
As a result of the expansion of adaptive disorders, the sale of this species has increased, with a global sales volume of $1.160 billion in 2016 and a projected global sales of $2 billion in 2020. Currently, the global sales of violet-type drugs are about $5 billion and the protein-type is about 23 per cent, and the protein-type is expected to rise to 40 per cent by 2020.
The violet saline (protein-combined) is an optimist of the traditional violet-type, which has the advantage of better therapeutics, better water solubility, and the least toxic side effects, compared to the traditional type. The traditional type of agent is the solubility of violet sap to ethanol and argon.
Although allergie side effects are reduced, they still require desensitization before entering the human body and can easily accumulate large fat matter in the body require metabolism, with other side effects. The protein type does not require deesensitization, precisely because of its low side effects, it increases the patient ' s resistance dose, and the increase in resistance also increases the therapeutic effect of the violet sapol.
At present, the abraxane product has been approved for three adaptive conditions, and due to the cytological anti-cancer principle of violet sapol, which has good chemotherapy effects in many tumors, its future adaptive effects will continue to grow. According to the celigene annual report, more than 10 pre-clinic and clinical research projects have been conducted on abraxane, of which black melanomas are already present.
During the bed iii period, pancreatic cancer-assisted treatment is about to enter its third phase; in addition, clinical studies of three-negative breast cancers and bladder cancers are already in their early stages.2 The domestic market is relatively empty, and the advantages of future national counterfeiting are clear.
(b) Abraxane was declared imported domestically in 2006 and was listed in cfda in 2008 for treatment of transferred breast cancer or breast cancer relapsed within six months of the failure of combined chemotherapy treatment, and other adaptive conditions remain unapproved. According to imms data, the domestic sale of abraxane in 2016 was about $320 million, and the domestic market is still in the process of being released;
For the same period, the data for the whole of the country is about $6.2 billion for violet-based products, abraxane accounting for only 5.2%, which is related to the fact that the original products are still being sold in the global market, which is related to the company’s weaker sales base in the country, as well as to the high market price of the product. The price of each bottle of abraxane (100 mg) is about 5800 yuan per bottle, an average of 58 yuan/mg.
It's the highest price of the same type of product, with patients using about four bottles per treatment, at a cost of 23,000 yuan per treatment. The high price makes the original product sales much lower than the generic and lipid-types, so that, after it is approved in the future, the national model species will become more flexible at the market pricing level and will soon gain market ownership and fast-distribution with the general agent type.
And the fat-forming form forms a three-story trend.3 The advantages of popular domestic imitations, where companies review progress and future marketing advantages are evident.
According to Pharmacy Network data, there are seven companies in the country that have declared this product since January 2013 and will continue to develop and declare it in the future.
The country has yet to receive a second adaptation, and domestic enterprises generally make simultaneous declarations under categories 1.6, 3.4 and 6. Of these, 1.6 and 3.4 are for new adaptations that have not been approved in the country and have been approved abroad, and 6 are for the most recent (Twenty) priority review notifications issued by the Drug Center, the Heng Swe Medicines and Stone Medicines Group.
Protein combination) is included in the priority review channel, which foresaw that the domestic model of the species is officially entering the final stage of the review. We believe that, under the current central review policy, companies and quartz groups will be the first companies in the country to copy the original product; the company has the most complete anti-cancer product line in the country and the largest anti-cancer sales team in the country.
Oncology combined power has been ranked first in the country for many years, and if the product (the protein-combined) is approved, it will not be able to compete directly with the company for a short period of time. According to imms data, the total size of the current market is about 9 billion yuan, and the future of the market is about 9 billion dollars.
With the approval of the product, the Department is expected to reach a peak of $1.5 billion in five years, becoming another heavy-pound anti-cancer drug breed after Dosita. Double, 28 times. We firmly see the company’s future leader in the country’s pharmaceutical industry, and the strong’s constant effects are becoming more pronounced.
Sales of traditional generics are subject to lower than anticipated bids, less affected by re-negotiations; sales of innovative medicines are less affected by negotiated reductions in health insurance catalogues; and progress in the approval of research and development varieties is less than expected.No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.