We're still looking forward to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
The net return to the mother is $6,95 billion, an increase of 42.97 per cent, and eps.254 per cent. *As a result, there has been a significant increase in product sales of the same value, with little change in the cost rate over the period. In the first half of 2018, the domestic economy was smooth and the demand for mdi in the developed countries of Europe and the United States grew faster, although domestic aggregate mdi market prices were higher.
The same downswing, the same rise in the price of pure mdi, the more aggressive marketing and management strategies adopted by companies, the domestic market sales of polyurethane series products remained stable, sales in overseas markets were growing benignly, and the sales of polyurethane series products in the first and second quarters of 2018 were 42.21 million tons and 42.21 million tons, respectively.
52.63 million tons, an increase of 5 per cent and 13 per cent over the same period. The second quarter of a petrochemical series has also reached its highest value of 110.19 million tons in almost two years, mainly because of the increase in the volume of lpg trade (the company ' s second quarter petrochemical series produced 36,97 million tons), resulting in an average price of the company ' s second quarter petrochemical products.
The company’s cost was 7.59% in the first half of the year, a decline of 0.32 percentage points in the same year. The financial cost rate continued to decline, and the costs of administration and sales remained essentially the same.
The future company and bc together, mdi’s capacity will rise to the top of the world, and over the next three years, the company will upgrade the production capacity of Ningbo Wanhua and the Man Power House industrial park by 300,000 tons and 500,000 tons, respectively, plus the US production capacity, and the company will continue to be at the top of the mdi.
Huanhua is a global industry leader with technical barriers and advantages in the chemical industry, with a focus on R & D and product conversion, and industry chains. Companies are expected to continue to expand their leadership in the polyurethane sector in the future through a globalized layout and a breakthrough in mdi’s manufacturing technology.
In the coming years, the company will still be in the process of sustaining its productive capacity, and a series of new projects, such as tdi, pmma, pc, will continue. In addition, the company is now actively promoting the overall listing of group assets for the benefit of consolidation (2018-03-13).
2. Vanhua Chemistry (600309): Three-quarter mdi prices have not been, and will not be, compensated, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.