On July 31, 2018, the company released a mid-term performance report stating that the net profits attributable to the parent owner in the first half of 2018 were:
Corporate performance met expectations. Corporate performance increased considerably over the reporting period compared to the previous period, with companies adopting positive and effective marketing and management measures, during which the company ' s sales and management costs grew less rapidly than on 30 July 2018.
Income and net profit increases. During this period, the PUR series collected $16.81 billion, domestic market prices for polymer mdi fell back from the same period last year, prices for pure mdi rose from the same period last year, corporate sales of PUR series products in the domestic market stabilized, and overseas market sales continued to grow benignly; petrochemicals
In the first half of the year, petrochemical products increased or dropped, resulting in lower interest rates for petrochemical products than in the same period last year, during which petrochemical products formed a powerful industry influence in local markets; and industry products in terms of industry influence, market expansion, customer management, etc.
• The company is currently the world’s largest manufacturer of autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs) for mdi manufacturing technology.
Increase the August mark-up price for mdi, which has become more market-intensive as a result of multiple enterprise overhauls or installation of force majeure around the world. mdi is a high-barrier product, and currently has a tight global balance of supply and demand, taking into account the fact that by 2020, in the context of a steady increase in downstream demand, mdi’s additional capacity is absorbed globally.
New production pressure is low, mdi’s future pattern is expected, or supply stress is expected to be maintained. *Hungarian Bc, a company-owned shareholder, owns 300,000 tonnes/year, tdi’s 250,000 tonnes/year, pvc’s 400,000 tonnes/year, pvc 369,000 tonnes/year, recent performance
The company’s strategic layout is clear, based on smoke stations, Ningbo, Pearl Sea, etc., the entire country, the smoke stations, the mills, the industrial parks combine the main mdi products with petrochemical industries such as epoxypropanes, acrylic acids, and esters.
Step-by-step development of downstream functional products, extension and refinement of the company ' s industrial chain layout, construction of a new package of materials based on stable production of petrochemicals, pc, tdi, mma, pmma, etc., to safeguard mdi and urban gate b
Open Source Securities Co. Ltd., which is also steadily moving to the ground, will bring new performance growth points for the company, which is expected to become an international chemical giant in the future as the company's industry is deployed around the world.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a professional and diligent approach. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.