On July 31, Manchuria released its 2018-half-year annual report: world leaders in mdi products, both growth and profit-making.
Founded in 1998 as a co-sponsor by Synthesynthetic Group and listed in 2001, the company is currently a domestic polyurethane industry chain leader, mainly in polyurethane (mdi, tdi, polyol), acrylic and its downstream acrylic acids, epoxypropanes, etc.
Research, production and marketing of fine chemicals and new materials, such as sap, tpu, pc, pmma, organamine, adi, and water coatings, where mdi is a company-led product.
The first ball. The company earned $53.12 billion in 2017, an increase of 76.5 per cent over the same period; and the achievement of masculinity ratios were 56.2 per cent for polyurethane series, 28.8 per cent for petrochemical series, 7.9 per cent for fine chemicals and new materials, 6.4 per cent for other major business and 0.7 per cent for other business, with a concentration of ammonia in the Maori composition.
In the first half of the year, growth remained high, with a steady increase in the profitability of the same year, but the q2 ring growth was pushed down by the price of mdi products. 1) The profit-end increase was higher than the income-end increase, and the Māori rate and net interest rate levels continued to rise.
The net profits of the shareholders of the municipal company grew by about 43 per cent over the same period, and the profit end grew significantly faster than the income end, with the Māori rate rising by 1.3 percentage points over the same period to 40.12 per cent; and the net interest rate rose by 3.6 per cent over the same period, resulting in a decline in the performance of the company q2 as a result of the narrowing of the margin between mdi and the price margin in the second quarter.
Operating income of 2018q1 increased by +23.6 per cent, operating income of 2018q2 increased by +22.6 per cent and the income end increased at a steady rate; profit end, net profit of shareholders belonging to parent companies increased by +61.5 per cent on a year-on-month basis, and quarter-on-quarters saw a sharp decline of 5.31 percentage points, compared with +27.7 per cent, due to the Maori rate.
At the same time, the price of polymer mdi products dropped significantly and fell down the same year, leading to an overall increase of RMB 22,500 per ton in the distribution and direct sales markets of the Chinese region, up by RMB 1,000 per ton compared to the July prices, up by 4.65 per cent; and pure China by 4.65 per cent.
The price of mdi is 31,200 yuan per ton, an increase of 500 yuan per ton over the July price, an increase of the ratio of the domestic “Golden X” demand boom and local supply strains caused by overseas capacity repairs, force majeure, etc. Overall, the domestic market of mdi is stable and demand is rising.
In the medium term, there is a strong industry pattern, with considerable potential for productive investment, and a high degree of certainty about growth. 1) In terms of industry, supply-side barriers are high, patterns are stable, and demand is growing at a robust pace.
Mdi is an oligopoly sector. By the end of 2017, only eight chemicals companies worldwide owned mdi autonomous intellectual property rights and were able to produce independently. Of these, only five had more than a million capacity, namely, Mandarin Chemistry, Bassov, Kostov, Hensmeyer and Tods, with a combined capacity of global mdi production.
More than 90 per cent, considering that mdi production is characterized by high capital and high-technology barriers, coupled with a long build-up and release cycle, determines a solid pattern of short- and medium-term markets; at the demand end, the overall increase in mdi demand is consistent with the increase in gdp, slightly higher than the increase in gdp, based on Coth.
Global consumption of mdi is projected to increase at a more stable rate of 4 per cent per year on average in 2016-2021, with 300,000 tons of tdi, 80,000 tons of pmma, 50,000 tons of mma, 30,000 tons of sap, and 130,000 tons of pc project II, with 19q1 expected to be completed; in the medium term, corporate reserves are moving forward.
The 1 million tonnes/yrene, 400,000 tonnes/yrpvc project (which began in 17 years) will also bring production co-benefits up and down the industry chain, while the company plans to expand the capacity of its smoke station industrial park, raising the base ' s mdi production capacity from 600,000 tonnes/year to 1.1 million tonnes/year, and the company ' s medium-term production capacity.
In the long run, with a long-term perspective, with the recapitalization of significant assets, Hungarian bc would become a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, and the company would be based on bc to expand the European market; and the company was planning to invest in an integrated project in the United States to win a large market in the Americas.
A clear line of thought on the global landscape of the Division. Profit forecasting and rating: not taking into account 406 million new shares to be generated by the reorganization of the company ' s assets for the time being