A steady growth in performance, looking forward to future growth, 10,000 watts of chemical (600309) point evaluation report a fall in mdi prices, and polyurethane operations continue to grow.
\triangleright 94.83 million tons of polyurethane products sold by companies in the first half of the year, resulting in sales revenue of $16,811 million, an increase of 5.24 per cent compared to the average price of $24,040 per ton in the same period last year, and the sum of mdi-pentine in Shandong in the first half of the year.
The average price difference was $14211 per ton, a decrease of 3.42 per cent over the same period last year. In the first half of the year, we measured a single ton of Māori in the country ' s polymer mdi production enterprises at $9760, a decrease of 6.07 per cent compared to the same period last year. Since last year, the Saudi sadara device, which had been in production, has maintained its monthly export to the country of about 10,000 tons, while the Shanghai Federation has been in a constant state.
With a successful start in the quarter, the total production of domestic mdi devices increased to 3.33 million tons, industry online statistics, and the unit ' s cumulative domestic refrigerator production declined by 2.5 per cent in January-May of this year compared with the trend of Deep 300, with weak downstream demand and domestic mdi since last year.
In the near future, the Boseu Chemical 300,000 mdi facility has begun to be overhauled for up to two months, when the Van Hwa chemical will be adjusted to add to the shutdown of the US Dow device, as well as the advent of the “Golden Ten” downstream consumption of polyurethane, which is expected to tighten in the short- and medium-term domestic market for mdi supply and demand.
The global market rate of the company mdi will increase further as the ballmdi enters the new production and release period.
Acid and esters, 750,000 tons of mtbe, 240,000 tons of epoxy propane and 260,000 tons of ethanol. International oil prices have been rising since the first half of the year, and petrochemical products have been moving up the landscape. According to our data, the average price for the first half of the year was 7775 yuan per ton, an increase of 14.7% compared to the same period last year, with pdh acryne-propane in the process.
The price difference increased by 28.1 per cent: the average price of epoxypropane in Shandong increased by 18.8 per cent compared to the same period last year, and the profit from the chlorool process increased by 45.7 per cent; the average price of butol in Shandong increased by 22.3 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, and by 39.5 per cent compared with the price of acrylic acid and butyl acetate.
The price difference is slightly lower than in the same period last year. Next year, with the launch of the company’s 1 million-ton ethylene project, the company’s performance will be further enhanced by a combination of hydrogen chloride by-products from the mdi project, the processing of downstream products such as pvc, lldpe, po/sm, eo, and butadiene.
On May 10 of this year, the company released a plan for the incorporation of the smoke station Vanhua Chemical Co. Ltd. & Associated Transactions, with 100% of the bc shares, 25.5% of the Van Hinbo and 8% of the CFC power held by the van HC in the company.
The company was the largest manufacturer of mdi and tdi in Central and Eastern Europe, with a capacity of 300,000 tons and 250,000 tons of tdi, covering Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
After this whole listing, bc will become a subsidiary of the listed company and be integrated into the overall strategic layout of the listed company, which will be the world’s largest supplier of mdi 1. The US Dow device declares force majeure, domestic.
Business (2.1 million tons of productive capacity) will also be able to create (and prepare) production bases in all three major markets in Asia, Europe and the Americas, thus also leading to globalization, production and operation of intercontinental linkages.
In 2017, the Division achieved a net return of $3.018 billion to the mother and $460 million to the mother in January of this year, while the People's Chemical and Biological Industry Weekly Report 20180713: The F-industrial industry will further improve the performance of the company once it has been incorporated into a listed company.
III. The risk of a significant decrease in the mdi price of profit projections and investment proposals; and the risk of a significant decline in the price of petrochemical products.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements and the Director of the Chemical Industry at the Pacific Securities Institute, the first author, published two papers in the international leading academic sci journal: Cao Lilly, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, Nakayama University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, joined the Civil Securitization Chemical Team in September 2017.
Xue Xue, Master of Chemistry, Qinghua University, joined the civil-life securitization industry team in May 2018. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.