It's beautiful, and the world continues to advance.
▪ The reported performance was largely in line with expectations: the company achieved business income of $30.54 billion in the first half of the year, compared to 31.87 per cent, which was the result of increased staff costs and research and development expenditure. mdi ' s average booking price was $24717 per ton, an increase of 2.28 per cent in the same year; distribution aggregate mdi was on average.
q2 polymer mdi prices have fallen, q3 may continue to rebound: two quarters mdi has entered demand and the price of polymer mdi has fallen. q2 pure mdi rings have increased by 3.20 per cent compared to q1 and the prices of polymer mdi distribution and direct sales have fallen by 12.99 per cent and 14.34 per cent, respectively. q2 single quarter is therefore returned.
For the third quarter, one was the announcement by Dow that the mdi had suffered force majeure, while 330,000 tons of devices in Texas had been shut down; the other was the production of 500,000 tons of devices in Shanghai; and the third was the construction of 300,000 tons of devices by the Hungarian bc company, scheduled for mid-July and the end of September.
It will affect the mdi supply market, which is about to arrive with a strong market readiness and a rise in mdi prices. Van Hwa issued a price change announcement on 28 August, and the price of the mdi was raised by $1,000 per ton in August compared to July. For the whole year, the price of the mdi has been maintained.
• Focusing on the impact of the China-US trade war on mdi trade: China-US trade war is more uncertain, bringing together mdi to create a $200 billion commodity tax product for the US side.
In 2017, exports to the United States of America amounted to about 160,000 tons, or 29 per cent of the total exports, of which the headlines to the top chemical giants changed.
Once the list of battles has landed, or has had a greater impact on the trade strategy of Manchuria. But it should be noted that, with the merger of the company bc, Wanhua could be used to export the United States from its European strongholds, and the event further demonstrated the importance of the globalization strategy that Manchuria is pursuing.
• The company is completing a shift from a raw material supplier to a solution provider: the company has moved from a centralized mdi tap to an integrated chemical giant. From the plate layout, the company perfects the whole industrial chain layout of polyurethane, planning a considerable amount of rock for the main raw material with light hydrocarbons.
As technology advances, these operations are embedded in stronger linkages: from downstream applications, corporate layout products can provide a series of solutions for customers in areas such as cars, buildings, etc., which we consider to be the central point of view.
The convergence of petrochemical and polyurethane operations is a key focus of our attention.