Volcanic chemistry (600309.sh) buv buys 43% growth in performance in the first half of 18 years and stable growth in polyurethane prices
The company issued a performance announcement for the first half of the year, and in the first half of the year it achieved $30.5 billion in operating income, and it appears that the oligopoly pattern in the industry has not broken, that the new supply is relatively balanced with demand, that polyurethane as a whole is not too low, and that the company will be able to produce many projects in the future, and that there is much room for growth in its performance.
The steady growth in PUR series prices was the main reason for the growth in performance in the first half of the year: benefiting from a smooth and stable domestic economy, the demand of mdi in developed countries in Europe and the United States grew faster, resulting in a steady increase in the prices of corporate PUR series products. Companies sold 948,000 tons of PUR in the first half of the year, an increase of 9.2 per cent over the same period.
According to the company ' s listing price, in the first half of the year, the company ' s direct sales averaged $24717 per ton, an increase of 2.3 per cent in the same year, distribution averaged $24383 per ton, an increase of 2.0 per cent in the same year, supported by pure mdi hanging mdi, with a ratio of production between 7:3 and 6:4 in the first half of the year, which results in a calculation of the company ' s production ratio of mdi in the first half of the year.
The petrochemical series, fine chemicals and new materials series are growing rapidly: the petrochemical series, which sold 1,822,000 tons in the first half of the year (including the lpg trade), an increase of 20.1 per cent over the same period.
Propane (East China, same), mtbe, nbutylol increased by 13.43 per cent, 18.7 per cent, operating income by $8.32 billion, a 20.3 per cent increase in the same year, and the range of fine chemicals and new materials, which sold 141,000 tons in the first half of the year, an increase of 46.4 per cent and 30.8 per cent respectively.
The company’s pc phase (70,000 tons/year) started production in January 2018. Choice data show that the price of mdi stopped rebounding in August and that prices are not too low throughout the year: the company’s aggregate mdi has been on the downside for 18 years and the price of pure mdi has been running high. As of now, the company is in August.
Direct sales of the polymer mdi and distribution listed prices of 22,500 yuan per ton, a decline of 6.25 per cent over the same period. The ring comparison with the chemical industry resulted in a production capacity of 2.1 million tons per year. The world’s first industry, the mdi industry, maintained a pattern of cutbacks, and then Dow announced that the Texas 340,000 tons/year mdi device had suffered force majeure.
In addition, the company ' s petrochemical products, influenced by oil price booms and environmental factors, will remain high during the second half of the year, and therefore its performance is expected to grow steadily throughout the year.
The overall listing is still to be completed, and new projects continue to be advanced: after the incorporation of the Van Hwa chemical industry, the listing programme was approved by the State Finance Committee of Shandong Province on 2 July, and after the completion of the process, the issue of competition between firms was resolved and the Asian, European and American markets were fully organized and strengthened.
Other companies have new projects in the near future to ensure long-term growth. In the near future, 300,000 tonnes/year tdi devices are expected to be ready for production in the fourth quarter of this year to become the largest supplier of tdi in the country, along with 50,000/year mma, 80,000/year pmma projects, phase II
The 130,000 tonnes/year pc project came into operation in February of 19th. In the near future, the company proposes to invest a total of $17.8 billion in the construction of the 1 million tons of ethylene project, and the 400,000 tons mdi project in the United States is steadily moving forward, providing guarantees for long-term growth of the company.
Profit projections: Absorption of mergers is not considered for the time being, we expect the company to achieve net growth in the second half of the year 2018/2019, but in the long run, the oligopoly pattern in the polyurethane sector remains and the company will be operational on a number of future projects, and there is much room for future growth in the company's performance, and we keep buying.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.