The company’s performance has continued to grow, and in the future it is looking forward to a more significant increase in the number of chemicals (600309) event: the company published its semi-annual 2018 report, which achieved its operating income of $30.54 billion during the reporting period.
Growth of 23.02 per cent in the same year and net profit of $6.95 billion on shareholders in listed companies continued to grow steadily in the first half of 2018. The main reasons were: steady growth in the company ' s mdi plates; good operations and increased sales of petrochemicals; and fine chemicals and new material plates.
Steady growth has provided a strong basis for significant growth in corporate operating income. Companies’ sales costs, administrative costs and financial costs were incurred during the reporting period at $789 million and $1.070 billion, respectively.
□ Sustained and steady growth of polyurethane plate 2018.1 - June company polyurethane plate generated operating income of 16,811 million yuan, a year-on-year increase of tons, compared to $24156/ton, a 5.3 per cent decline in the same period last year.
The production capacity of 2.1 million tons is the world’s largest supplier of mdi. Against a background of a small decline in the price of 2018.1-6 polymer mdi, the company polyurethane plate has maintained a relatively steady growth, largely benefiting from the company’s output, cost, etc., resulting in a combination of the company’s polyurethane series of products.
The interest rate was 56.91 per cent, an increase of 4.49 percentage points in the same year. mdi, due to extremely high technical barriers, was able to reach 1.14 million tons (0.50 million tons in Hensmae Shanghai, Hensmae, Louisiana, and 400,000 tons in Coth to create Brensbytel, Germany), but given that the device was driven to large-scale production, the number of people in the country who did not have access to the technology was very high.
It will take some time, and the supply of new capacity will be uncertain. At the same time, old installations abroad operate for a long time, with a high risk of accidents, and on July 16, the United States factory at Tods suffered from force majeure, and the equipment stopped, with some impact on the industry’s supply, at short-term prices.
□ The petrochemical plate has a high potential for development and c4-vinyl derivatives, and the company has a well-developed industrial chain for acrylate and derivatives, which can reach 750,000 tons. At the same time, based on technological advantages, acrylic acid/butylene/epoxypropane, etc.
A higher value-added product is to be developed downwards on the basis of first-tier derivatives. In the future, the company will develop c2-vinyl derivatives and, when completed, the proposed million-ton ethylene chain project will involve more downstream high-value-added derivatives, becoming important domestically.
A new breakthrough was achieved in fine chemicals and new material plates, with 2,686 million yuan in the company ' s series of fine chemicals and new materials, an increase of 51.97 per cent over the same period, and 33.44 per cent over the same period.
The material plate will be a new engine for company development and has built up polyethers, new materials, functional chemicals, surface materials, and five major Beijing departments, with some capacity starting to contribute to performance. In January 2018, 70,000 tons of pc were produced, 300,000 tons of tdi, 80,000 tons of pmma and 50,000 tons in the second half of the year.
The country is moving to the world, moving from China to China, which is highly aligned with the corporate development strategy. This is particularly true of the major asset restructuring that the company is moving forward, and once completed, it has laid solid foundations for its overseas development.
Companies are the world’s largest suppliers of mdi, the stable operation of installations, the reliable supply of products, and the potential to benefit from the industry’s high profile. At the same time, petrochemical plates, fine chemicals, and new material plates continue to move forward, operating well and with great potential.
Appendix: Financial statement projections with no rating - no significant uncertainty due to lack of access to the necessary information, or company exposure to unforeseen events of uncertainty, or for other reasons
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.