The company received a report from the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission on September 13, 2018.
The Chemical Group Inc. issues shares to Steam National Investment Holdings Ltd., etc., to absorb the approvals of the Combined Tobacco Station Van China Chemical Co. Ltd. Vanhua Chemicals are listed through the CVM, and the group ' s chemical assets are listed as a whole.
\triangleright shares are 1.716 billion shares. 1.1310 billion shares of 10,000-watt chemical holdings will be injected in 25.5% and 8% of all chlor-alkali heat power into listed companies to realize the chemical assets under the flag of Manchuria after this deal.
The unit is listed as a whole, compared to the 300-degree trend, and solves the problem of peer competition that has existed since the capture of bc chemistry by the industry in 2011.
\triangleright Hungarian bc is the largest manufacturer of mdi and tdi in Central and Eastern Europe with mdi capacity of 300,000 tons and tdi capacity of 250,000 tons, covering Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and producing the eighth largest polyurethane in the world
Enterprises. When this whole listing is completed, bc will become a subsidiary of listed companies and integrated into the overall strategic layout of listed companies, which will become the world’s largest supplier of mdi (2.1 million tons of productive capacity) and will achieve a production base (and built) in all three major markets in Asia, Europe and the Americas.
The company is now building 300,000 tons of tdi capacity, which is expected to start production in October 2018, and will have 550,000 tons of tdi capacity in the future. Mdi, tdi, downstream demand is stable, growth is limited, new production capacity is limited over the last two years, and the company’s high profitability is expected to continue.
The corporate c3/c4 industry chain has a capacity of 750,000 tons of acrylic, 300,000 tons of acrylic acid, 750,000 tons of mtbe, 240,000 tons of epoxypropane and 260,000 tons of butol. International oil prices have been rising steadily since this year, and petrochemical products have been well prepared.
Our data show that the current average price of acrylic is RMB 7984 per ton, an increase of 12.4 per cent compared to the same period last year. The price difference between acrylic-propane in the pdh process increased by 22.4 per cent compared to the same period. The average price of epoxypropane in Shandong was RMB 11867 per ton, an increase of 15.3 per cent compared to the same period last year. The average price of butol in Shandong was RMB 7581 per ton compared to the same period.
This represents an increase of 14 per cent over the same period and a 17.9 per cent over the same price difference as acrylic, and next year, with the launch of the company ' s 1 million tons of ethylene project, the company ' s performance will be higher with the combination of hydrogen chloride produced by the mdi project, the processing of downstream products such as pvc, lldpe, po/sm, eo and butadiene, and further refinement of the company ' s petrochemical industry chain layout.
2. Mandarin Chemistry (600309): The risk of a significant decrease in the prices of mdi and petrochemical products due to the landing of the M & A restructuring programme.
Tao Maw, graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing), undergraduate in chemical engineering and crafts, postgraduate in mineral processing (coalization). July 2011 added Cao Lili, Bachelor of Science in Applied Chemistry, Nakayama University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, joined the civil securitization industry team in September 2017. Xue Chung, Master of Chemistry, Qinghua University, joined the civil securitization industry team in May 2018.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.