The rate of net gain has been positive, and it's showing good results.
Nanjing Bank (stock code: 601009) Net profit growth continues to pick up: in January-September 2024, the company achieved business income of $38,558 million, an increase of 8.03 per cent over the same period and an increase of +0.16 percentage points over the first half of the year; net profit return of $16,663 million, the same rate
The size of the company’s interest-producing assets has remained relatively high, the interest-bearing ring has been stable, and overall performance has improved. Zhang 1 latitude retail loans have been released at a faster rate and interest-bearing rings have improved: in January-September 2024, net corporate interest income was 196.14
One hundred and thirty-one million yuan, a decrease of 136 per cent in the same year; the 2024q3 quarter, a positive increase of 8.67 per cent in the same year. Total payments were measured to be 12.52 per cent higher than at the end of the previous year, while the focus area of public loans remained high and retail loans increased at a sustained rate. At the end of September, companies increased their public loans by 14.34 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, among them, technology and technology.
At the end of September, the balance of loans in the schedule was 51,497 million yuan, 63.32 per cent more than at the end of the previous year. By the end of September, the company ' s deposits had increased by 2.42 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, with time deposits accounting for the ratio.
The company’s savings cost is expected to be optimized, with a higher rate of growth and continued activity: in January-September 2024, the company’s non-interest income was 189.44, the size of the company’s finances was steadily increasing, and the overall operating capacity was enhanced.
441.323 billion yuan, representing an increase of 18.02 per cent from the end of the previous year; retail aum of $81.64 billion, representing a decrease of 4.83 per cent in return for investment over the previous year, a smaller decrease than in the first half of the year; fair value change gains/losses on the same increase; asset quality as a whole: the ratio of non-performing corporate lending rates and interest-type loans as at the end of September 2024
Investment recommendations: companies based on long triangles, strong regional advantages, and gradually improved network layouts. Focused on promoting change, improving efficiency, accelerating the transformation of “light banks” and increasing shareholder returns. Continuing the strategic transformation of large retailing, using multi-licensed advantages, and achieving significant results in integrated operations.
Shareholdings show confidence in the company's future development. Together with company fundamentals and stock price elasticity, we maintain the “recommended” figure 1: Nanking Bank revenue, net profit and speed of increase.
Figure 5: Size and acceleration of Nanjing bank loans Figure 6: Scale and acceleration of Nanjing bank loans to public and retail loans Figure 9: Structure of Nanjing bank deposits
Figure 13: Size and speed of retail sales at Nanjing Bank Figure 16: Adequate capital of Nanjing Bank
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.