On August 19th, the Bank announced its mid-2021 report. The provision was reduced and net profits increased in the first half of the year.
As a result, the largest contribution to net profit growth is from the provision, i.e. a reduction in the provision and the release of profits. In the first half of the year, companies raised a total of 38.290 billion dollars in credit impairment losses.
This is a 0.5% decrease in the ratio of credit impairment to $25.12 billion, a 22.2% decline in the same year; non-credit asset allocation banks are two-fold lightening. Integrated finance is a corporate feature.
The advantage is that the company relies on a large individual customer base, strong income-end split: size, non-interests are contributing and interest differentials are delayed. (1) Net interest income increases by 6.8 per cent over the year, brand influence, extensive distribution networks and comprehensiveness.
The system of financial products contributes to the overall retail transformation and drag. (2) Net non-interest income increased by 11.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, of which net fees and commissions increased by 20.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, leading intelligent retail banks provided powerful nuclear power.
This is mainly due to reduced expenditure on fees (for the same period - 29 per cent); an increase of 8.4 per cent in revenue from fees over the same year, mainly due to a 4.6 per cent decline in other net non-interest income over the same period, mainly from the return on bond investments in the first half of the year.
Increased use of high-quality group credit, with a narrow net interest margin. Peace Bank 1h21 net interest difference of 2.83 per cent, with a narrow income of 4bp. The 2q21 net interest margin was 8bp to 2.79 per cent lower than 1q21, mainly due to asset end-of-end returns. Individual loan returns were reduced by 35bp (as a result of the proactive optimization of the client structure, companies increased their low risk and excellence).
Portfolio credit delivery). At the end of the year, asset quality continued to improve and the provision was adequate. The balance of bad loans from the Peace Bank at the end of June was $31 billion, year-on-year.
(b) Unit b/h (millions) Relying on the Peace Group, benefiting from the tilt of resources such as clients, technology, products, etc. (1) The client side: the group client migration continues, contributing high-quality customer resources to the company. (2) The science and technology side: the group values science and technology and continues to do so.
Increased inputs can effectively enable bank retailing strategies to shift through the sharing of corporate technological resources. (3) Product side: Relying on the group ' s combined financial advantage, it can provide one-stop finance products and services to customers and improve customer stickyness through integrated operations and cross-sales.
Retail transformation strategies have been upgraded, and private sector wealth has been growing rapidly. Peacebanks have been undergoing retail transformation since 2016, with group resource support and strong corporate strategy.
Banks, open banks, offer warm retail financial services for customers. Retail operations grew faster in the first half of the year, contributing 49.21 billion dollars, an increase of 10.9% over the same period; the share of total receipts was higher than at the end of 2020.
Overcapacity industries, high-risk assets, stock-related assets are largely cleared and the quality of public assets is fully optimized. At the same time, growth is strictly controlled, industries, customers, products are selected, light assets and light capital are prioritized, and public business is well developed. As 3+2+1 continues to advance towards public strategy, corporate strategic clientele expands.
This has led to a positive increase in business demand deposits (9 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year at the end of June) and a rapid break-through of public sector trading banks, with 1h21 supply chain financial financing s14851907002
33.1 per cent increase in revenue from fees for public clearing operations in the first half of the year: investment proposal for tianxy@dxzq.net.cn: Safe Bank maintains a strategic retail transition and continuously upgrades its combat mode, while retailing remains relatively business.
Rapid growth: At the same time, good performance is strong. The smooth growth in the first half of the year reduced the size of the provision, released profits, and maintained robust growth in net profits, based on improved asset quality. The forecast for the year remains narrow, but fee income is expected to grow faster, supported by rapid growth in wealth management; asset quality.
A slight selection and strong enforcement, and the growth of corporate resources and financial science and technology, as well as the future profitability of the company.
Figure 2: The net profit of the bank 2q21 increased by 45.2 per cent over the year. Figure 3: The bank ' s 1q21 and 1h21 performance split.
Figure 4: Interest-bearing bank assets at the end of June increased by 13.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Figure 5: Indicators of the quality of bank assets at the end of June continuously improved. Figure 6: Increase of bank coverage by 14.4 pct to 259.5 per cent at the end of June.
Figure 7: A steady increase in retail lending by the Bank of Peace, with retail lending rising by 0.9 pct to 61% at the end of June compared to the beginning of the year
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Peace Bank ($00001): excellent asset quality, high private wealth growth.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.