The Sini Shan Bank (000001.sz) reported reasons: periodic reports.
The company achieved $84,680 million in operating income in the first half of 2021, i.e. + 8.1 per cent in comparison; net profit on parentage
The company achieved high growth in operating income and net profits in the first half of the year, with a substantial excess of performance, operating income and net profit growth of 8.1% and net profit growth of 28.05%. As risks are phased out, the decrease in the provision contributes to higher net profits, while the spread is stable and viable.
Interest income increased by 11.3 per cent, fees and commission income increased for wealth management, credit cards, and public settlements, while investment income went to the market as a result of bond investment income, market data: 20 August 2021
The average daily size of interest-bearing assets is higher than in the same period last year. Interest income grew by 6.8 per cent in the first half of the year.
The overall average rate of return declined by 17bp; the average cost of the liability fell by 20 basis points, mainly savings from optimized cost-end structures and good cost controls, reduced net interest differentials, low net profit spreads, retail operations developed a new “five one” model, wealth management double-digit growth.
Profit grew by 46.3 per cent and profit by 66.7 per cent over the same year, which represents a further increase. Private wealth industry Sundata, 1 million households, 13.1 per cent, wealth management fees, 12.1 per cent, and agency funds.
Treasures grew by 33.3 per cent and wealth management continued to progress steadily, with technologicalization driving the private sector to become fully independent.
The center is on the 7th floor, and it's good for public business. The company focuses on "industry banking, trade banking, integrated finance,"
356.8 million households per month, an increase of 59.8 per cent, with the same level of growth of 44.9 per cent, the supply chain finance platform “Safe Chains” continued to be upgraded to the top half.
The company maintains a strategy of wealth management, financial technology is ahead of schedule, assets are stable and good.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, and I will not.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.