The assets were of historical best quality Events: the first half of 2021 Bank of Peace earned $84,680 million in operating income, an increase of 8.1 per cent over the same period; and the net profits of Bank of Peace during the first half of the year exceeded market expectations on the basis of a net increase in the performance of the quarter.
▪ Income increases at a high base at a sufficiently high annual rate, with net profit increases exceeding market expectations.The income base is high (driven by returns on investment), so we think that the revenue of 2021h1 increases on a year-on-year basis, bringing retail sales aum to $2.98 trillion at the end of the month, an increase of 13.6 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
Due to the significant credit impairment in 2020h1 and the continued improvement in real asset quality, asset-end retail lending grew strongly in the second quarter, but the deposit-end call ratio decreased.
They judge that the decline in net interest differentials is largely influenced by the low rate of return on loans, and that the market has expected it, but the level of net interest differentials at Peacebanks is still clearly ahead of their counterparts. • Quality of assets: low re-innovation rates, concern groups and full “double drops” in overdue loans.
The quality of the credit assets in the table is excellent, with a negative rate of between 2 bp and 1.08 per cent below the end of March and a stricter rating of non-performing loans. On the one hand, the ratio of interest-group loans to the 90-day + loan ring was “double drop” compared to the end of March, and the ratio of 60-day + loan overdue at the end of June fell to 60 per cent.
Use of impairments for non-credit assets, and the quality of both external and external assets is being cleared in full. Annual report: Four quarters of profit is strong  profit forecast and investment rating: Peace Bank net profit is 28.5 per cent higher than year-on-year, I
A 43% rebound, and the negative rate has fallen to nearly six years, and the central bright spot is that the quality of assets is becoming more and more superior. Indicators such as poor rates and concerns have fallen to new lows, while credit impairments from all sides, both inside and outside the table, have meant that the quality of the combined assets has reached historical proportions.
In addition, retail and private aum continued to grow and wealth management developed rapidly, with three-quarter reviews: three-quarter heat and vibrations and a high increase in net fees. We raised the profit forecast, expecting the Bank to be safe.
11.69x2021pe, a high-yielding, long-forming bank with complete asset quality and sustained breakthroughs in the retail transition, maintains a “buy-in” rating.
The Bank of Peace 2021h1 operating income increased by 8.1% over the year, faster than the quarter, but considering that the revenue base of 2020q2 is high (investment returns driven), we think that the income of 2021h1 is good enough to grow at the same rate. The quarterly data also show that the 2021q2 income ring is higher than 2021q1
Net interest income of 1 interest increased by 6.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a lower rate of increase in one quarter due to a strong 20.4 per cent increase in net interest differentials, ring-to-du2 net fee income of 2021h1 on a year-on-year basis, maintaining a high rate of increase in the quarter, which ensured a lower credit cut in the overall credit base, driving higher profit growth.
The rate of increase is consistent with the income. Moreover, because of the significant credit impairment in 2020h1, and the continued improvement in the quality of real assets, the credit impairment in 2021h1 is 2.2 per cent lower than in the previous year, driving the net profit in 2021h1 to the same rate as the first bank.
2. Assets & Liabilities: Retail loans boost asset expansion, but deposit end-of-life ratios decrease. Pulling, compared to 5.2% of joint assets at the beginning of the year, helps to stabilize net interest differentials. Credit operations are largely retail-driven in the second quarter, with personal lending rings growing by 5.2% at the end of June compared to the end of March, rising to 61.1% of total loans.
Individual loans are broken down: one licensed mortgage and auto finance is the main retail product since 2020 and continues at the end of June as compared to the end of March. Credit card recovery helps boost asset end-of-end returns after residents’ credit risk has eased.
Since the beginning of the year, real-estate loans have been limited, but the bank’s concentration is sufficient, with mortgage loans accounting for only 9% of the total loans at the end of June (up to a 20% regulatory ceiling), so we think there is room for growth in the future. Business loans grew by 0.9% at the end of June compared to the end of March, and rely mainly on paper hedges, with average corporate lending.
With fiscal policy “stable growth” in the second half of the year, we judge that corporate lending will warm. With corporate deposits pulling, we judge that the source benefits from the public finance model.
The ratio also increased by 0.3 to 40.6 per cent from the beginning of the year, although the demand ratio for retail deposits was significantly lower, at 33.2 per cent at the end of June, and 3.8 per cent lower than at the beginning of the year, and we judged that it was influenced by wealth management factors such as the Fund’s hot sales. The decline in retail sales was mainly affected by the low return on loans, but the net interest margin for the Safe Bank was still in the same position.
In the macro-environment, we believe that there is still a small margin of interest for net interest differentials in the second half of 2021, so net interest income is the same as interest income, which is judged to be due to structural changes, namely, lower growth in products such as a new loan with a high rate of return, credit cards, etc., so as credit cards recover, we judge that the rate of return on individual loans will be stable in the second half of the year.
Enterprise loans (excluding discounts) show a low rate of increase, with a single quarterly rate of return of 2021q2 at only 3 bp below the ring scale. End of liability: interest-bearing liability cost rates remain stable. Interest-bearing liability cost rate of 2021h1 is 2.22%, which is a small decrease compared to the fixed-term deposit rate of 2021q1 clients. Consideration is given to regulating the comprehensiveness of the market-wide “high-interest storage” tool
There is still room for us to judge the cost of future term deposits. Expenditure on fees has dropped significantly in the second quarter. Net revenue on fees of 2021h1 has continued the upward trend of year-on-year growth in the first quarter, but the second quarter has been dominated by a sharp contraction in fees and fees, resulting from a contraction in the operations of proxy precious metals, resulting in a reduction in revenues and related revenues.
Cost, while revenue from fees increased by only 8.4 per cent over the same period, wealth management operations remained on the bright side, with 2021h1 wealth management fees rising by 12.1 per cent to $4,593 million over the same period, of which the acting fund's income represented a total of $12,587 million in non-monetary funds, representing an increase of 42.9 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
Retail and private sector aum grew at a high rate. Retail aum reached $2.98 trillion by the end of June 2021, with private banks growing significantly faster than at the beginning of the year, reaching $1.34 trillion by the end of June, an increase of 19% compared to the beginning of the year.
Cost and expenditure: Cost revenue is stable and credit impairment is lower on a year-to-year basis; credit cost rates are significantly lower. 2021h1 cost revenue is 27.5%, a slight increase of 0.2pct, so the rate of increase is roughly the same as income. The greatest elasticity to net profit is the amount of credit impairment 2021h1.
On the basis of merit, credit impairments are still lower than in the same year when assets are fully accounted for, both off-the-shelf and inter-occupational. If you look only at the table, it is also clearly lower. We judge that Safe Banks, through broad credit cost rates, drive higher net profit growth, will continue to grow in the future.
6. Quality of assets: low rates of re-innovation, total "double drops" in concern groups and overdue loans, which have reached historical lows and significantly lower amounts; on the other hand, 60 days + 90 days + loan rings have been “double drops” compared to the end of March, and the 60 days + loan ratio at the end of June has been reduced to 0.91 per cent.
From this perspective, it is not possible to accurately measure the actual rate of failure due to the non-disclosure of full-calibre non-performing loan disposal data in this report, but we estimate that the rate of malformation of the new generation of 2021h1 is expected to remain at 1.55%, roughly the same level as in the first quarter. Due to the excellent quality of the assets, the credit impairment of the loans in the table is significantly reduced, but a provision is made.
Since the first half of 2020, the Bank for Peace has been forward-looking in terms of off-the-counter credit impairments, leading to the early return and write-off and disposal of off-the-shelf assets.
Only 68% of the credit impairment of the billion yuan was used for credit assets in the form of $11,891 million in credit impairments for non-credit financing. So we stress that the quality of the front bank’s assets, both internal and external, is being cleared out.
The net profit of the Bank of Peace 2021h1 is 28.5% higher than in the same year, and we believe that the central highlight is the increasing asset quality. Indicators such as poor rates and concerns have been reduced to new lows, while credit impairments from all sides, both inside and outside the table, mean that the Bank of Peace has achieved historical excellence in the quality of its combined assets. Moreover, retail and private aum have continued to grow.
The management of the rich has grown rapidly, and the net revenue to boost the fees has increased at a very high rate. While the net interest differentials have fallen, the market has expected that, in the second half of the year, if the credit scale expands faster, we expect that the net interest income will pick up again.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board