Performance continues to increase rapidly, with assets of good quality projected to be in the lead of listed banks in the first half of the year, and the quality of assets of good quality and provision is reduced with significant positive contributions to performance.
▪ A rapid increase in performance, good quality of assets, leading performance, provision for pressure to reduce contribution performance 28.5 per cent increase in net profits in the first half of the year and expected to be in the lead of listed banks.
Prior to the provision, profits increased by 8.1 per cent over the same period, asset quality continued to be optimized, the pressure on the provision was reduced by the lower interest margin of 2 quarter and the continued effectiveness of the cost control strategy of the liability
Impact. 2-quarter end-of-cycle cost ratio equals 2.22%, deposit cost ratio lowers 2bp retail versus common bad ratio, further sharpens asset quality both inside and outside the table 2-0.08% below end-of-season bank bad rate ratio 2.bp to 1.08%.
2bp/1bp below. According to our calculations, the annualized rate of production for the 2nd quarter is a further improvement in the quality of assets in the company's physical and external form, and the first half of the year's credit impairment losses in the non-credit category were lost.
The Bank of Peace: Lightning, Optimizing the kernels. 202,10202 The economy has fallen sharply and the quality of assets has deteriorated beyond expectations.
Qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations. SI publishes its semi-annual report for 2021, with a net profit return of +28.5 per cent in the first half of the year (vs1 quarter, +18.5 per cent). The income balance is + 8.1 per cent (vs1 quarter, +10.2 per cent); the interest difference is 2.83 per cent in the first half of the year, 4bp below; and cost revenue +27.35 per cent, an increase of 5bp in the same year.
In the first half of the year, the Bank of Peace increased its net profit by 28.5% over the same period, and is expected to be in the lead of the listed bank by 10 percentage points over the first quarter (+18.5%, yoy). In the first half of the year, the company increased its profits by 8.1% over the same year.
Optimization and reduction of the pressure to make provision are the most important contributing factors. The first half-year fee revenue increased by 8.4% over the year, while the fee expenditure decreased by 4.6% over the year, mainly as a result of fluctuations in interest rates in the bond market last year, which created a high investment return base.
In the first half of 2021, the company’s private wealth business continued to grow, with a double-digit increase in revenue from retail aum, private customers, private customers, and wealth management fees. As of the end of the six-month period, the number of corporate wealth clients had increased by 9.6 per cent to 102.39 from the end of 2020.
Tens of households; private sector clients are growing faster than wealth clients, 13.1 to 6.48 million more than at the end of 2020; retail aum is down from the end of 2020 by the end of the second quarter, and the cost of debt control strategy is continuing.
Depending on the downside of the asset end-of-end rate of return, the corporate end-of-liability cost ratio has been flat and cost-control effectiveness has continued to be evident. 2-quarter end-of-debt cost ratio has been equal to 2.22 per cent, and cost control has largely resulted from the optimization of the end-of-debt structure and the management of deposit pricing. 2-quarter cost-of-contribution ratios have decreased by 2-0.04 per cent from 2-bp to 2.04 per cent from price management results, with enterprises having fixed-term and personal term deposits on average.
By 2020, the company launched a new three-year strategic initiative to raise the cost of debt control to the level of the Bank-wide strategy, including through enhanced pricing management, proactive efforts to reduce high-cost deposits, and the use of the “financial + technology” advantage to expand low-cost deposits. The downside is the company’s initiative to optimize its lending structure and increase its impact on low-risk operations and high-quality group lending.
In terms of the average daily balance of loans, the retail ring increased by 5.2 per cent, the general lending of enterprises decreased by 0.54 per cent, and the share of low-risk mortgages and mortgages in loans was 21 per cent.
In the context of accelerated liquidation of public risks, the two-quarters end-of-season failure rate continued at 2bp to 1.08%. In particular, the business default ratio ranged from 2bp to 1.12%; the retail loan deficit ratio ranged from 1bp to 1.13%; the main credit card, new loan, operating loan, etc., was reduced by 14bp to 1.03%; and the gas write-off ratio ranged from 14bp to 1.03%.
Based on our end-of-season caliber measurements, the annual negative annual rate of production of two quarters of write-off plus write-offs was 1.35 per cent, and the ring was higher than the one quarter (0.86 per cent), down by 1.16 percentage points from the same year, and the adverse generation of stress was manageable. The level of coverage at the end of the second quarter was 259 per cent, up from the end of the first quarter.
The company relies on corporate resource advantages, and adheres to a strategy of “technology leadership, retail breakthroughs, public excellence” and synergies with corporate integrated financial platforms are emerging in a number of operations. The company’s core-level capital adequacy rate at the end of the quarter is at the end of the quarter.