Biannual reviews 2023: engine-city rates continue to rise, announcement points: 2023-yearly reports of wood power, 2023-yearly reports, 52.701 billion yuan of operating income for 2023.2, plus 15.5 per cent/-1.4 per cent for the same ring ratio, and 2,043 million yuan for the same ring margin for q2.
▪ The engine/carat city share has continued its upward trend and the operations have improved steadily and continue to be on track. 1) Camp: The collection angle: 241,000 bulk sales in the 2023q2 heavy card industry, with the same ring ratio +65.32/-1.67 per cent, was largely the result of the macroeconomic downside over the same period last year.
The total number of full-car licence plates for high-risk fuel wood engines amounted to 48.5 million, with the same ring ratio + 40.3 per cent/+ 7.9 per cent; the market share of q2 was 31.3 per cent, with the same ring ratio + 4.6.+1.3 pct; and the new and emerging business of public-sector large-barrel engines and hydraulics were developed faster and performance contributions continued to increase.
Large. A full-car business angle: 40.7 million heavy-gas cards sold under the A.S.A. caliber flag in q2, increasing the volume of products sold, increasing the size of deliveries and increasing the use of movable property; and a significant increase in profitability as a result of stronger export operations. 3) Cost angle: q2 sales/managing/
Performance forecast: q2 business plates are stable  short- and long- and medium- and long-term commitment to new energy electricization/hydrogen fuels.
In the second half of the year, companies will seize hot-spot market opportunities, such as gas trucks and vans, and conduct special outreach activities around priority areas to accelerate the rapid upswing of their products. They will actively promote the development of new products on the market and achieve a breakthrough in the market strategy. In terms of research and development, companies will actively explore the next generation of emission controls.
"Technology research, production storage, accelerated application of wpdi, methanol motors, hydrogen combustion engines, industrial integration "
With development; with well-established pilot capabilities such as power-driven components, power generation and power generation, increasing research and development efforts on a continuous basis; and with the promotion of core fuel cell technology breakthroughs to accelerate marketization.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s gross operating income from 2023-2025
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.