Research Assistant Yang Wai-Bing  Highlights of the Bulletin: A performance forecast of 2023 Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quantities Quantified Quantities Quantified Quantities
35.87~4065 billion yuan, +50% ~70% of the year; $33.04~3868 billion net profit from withholding from the back-to-back mother ' s net profit  industrial end-side demand to export booms, corporate end engine + whole-car business to good, business structure optimization; dynamic exports to break through emerging markets, with a higher performance than ever. 2023q2 heavy card industry
The cumulative volume of wholesale sales was approximately 230,000 (72,000 in June), with the same ring ratio + 57 per cent/- 4 per cent, and the significant increase in the same ratio was mainly due to the national epidemic containment that resulted in the base figure for the first five months of May, when the total number of wood engines equipped with full plates was 8.15 million, compared to 45 per cent in the market.
30.2%, year-on-year +2.6pc, engine market share continues to rise; while the company’s engine, motivation, and new strategic business such as hydraulics are growing faster and performance contributions continue to grow.
16%, an increase of 2.86 pct compared to the same period last year, with a sustained increase in the overall market share and good growth.  Looking ahead, resonance upwards in the heavy-card industry, home-to-country resonance recovery in the heavy-car industry, more booms in the company’s heavy-carat industry, motors/hydrates, and other operations, are expected to continue upwards; mixing/pure electricity/hydrogens over the long term
The high industry barriers that companies have built through vertical integration of their own industrial chains are expected to drive a sustained increase in engine/car operations, anchoring the industrial chain, leading the way, and increasing the sales of large cylinders, opening up hydraulic products.
" The power of wood (000338): Deep-farming masters. Business structures are constantly being optimized, profitability is expected to improve, development is being pursued, and industry is being integrated. "
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the company ' s gross operating income from 2023 to 2025 as a repercussional expectation of performance, long-term volatility, steady increase in profitability, and continued strength of the long-term new energy sector.
Power should enjoy a higher valuation premium and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Three major financial forecasting tables for fuelwood power.