The ddr5 penetration rate has increased steadily, with a high rate of re-innovation of non-mortality net profits Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of 2.881 billion yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of 12022, compared to the same period of the previous year (statutory disclosure)
Data) increased by 80.88 per cent. Net profit of $766 million net of non-recurring gains and losses attributable to parent owners in the first three quarters of 32022, representing an increase of 112.39 per cent over the same period of the previous year (statistical disclosure data).
• The ddr5 penetration rate has continued to rise, and the catch server platform harvest ratio has declined, and it is calculated that company q3 has achieved a significant increase in revenue at the end of the profit margin, 954 million yuan, a 9.9 per cent increase in the same year, a 7.1 per cent decline in the ring ratio; the net return to the mother is 318 million yuan, the same amount.
It's 49.2% long, with a 4.2% ring increase, and we think that the company q3 has achieved a positive return of $575, 661 and 716 million, respectively, with a steady increase in business earnings. Intel's product readiness is positive.
The ddr5 ddr5 has accelerated, the company has taken the lead in the industry in testing the ddr5 second generation 5600 rcd chip, and we still maintain the company ' s dddr5 penetration level at around 15% for the year. (2) The capture server platform harvest ratio has declined but is largely in line with expectations.
P$325,365 and $238 million in business income, respectively, were achieved. We believe that market demand for servers has fallen well in advance, and Chairman Lin Hsing confirmed for the first time in August that q3 performance will stop a single-season recovery innovation.
With a high trend, the estimated ring ratio will drop by up to 19.2%; q3 will actually drop by only 8%, and city companies will continue to build up their R & D inputs to widen the product lines.
After the performance, the company had multiple chips such as ckd, pcieretamer, mcrrcd/db, mxc, ai, in which the company had completed the design of a sample of the first generation of ckd chip ddr5, and 2.
and pioneered the launch of the ddr5 first generation clock drive (ckd or dddr5ck01) dddr5 series of long-term space lifts and engineering samples for the industry mainstream repository, which will be used for a new generation of desktop machines
New business expansion, like a server platform, and memory of laptops.
R & D is not as fast as expected, competition in the industry is increasing, and there are subversive technologies in the memory industry. The law, using legally compliant information, provides the report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, and I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor about any change in the information and advice contained in it.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.