The electronics team is performing as expected, waiting for the ddr5 dot. ddr5 progresses well, and the Internet chip is rising in reverse: although the intel delayed sapphrepids
But the industry is moving from ddr4 to ddr5, it's clear that customer readiness has accelerated and company ddr5 memory interface chips and memory module packages continue to grow.
Goods, expected to reach 15 per cent by the end of the year; and as a result of the decline in income of the captured cpu, the memory interface chip was significantly increased from 64 per cent of the 22 q2 to 75 per cent of the 22 q3 ratio, and single q3 was 2.
Current revenue amounted to $716 million, a 67 per cent increase in the same year, and 8 per cent in the ring, a negative increase.
Dollars, up 94.65 per cent from the same period in the previous year, single q3 income of $238 million, a 34.8 per cent decline in the ring, and a long-term growth space for companies: 1, interconnected chips: 1) with the upgrading of the memory module from the ddr4 generation to the ddr5 era, the size of the RAM interface and module set-up chip market is expected to increase by more than four times.
As an industry leader, it is expected to benefit fully from an increase in ddr5 penetration over the next few years; 2) company multichip layouts have begun to yield results, new interconnection chip products such as ckd, mcrrcd/db, pcie 5.0retimer, mxc, etc., are progressing well and are expected to contribute progressively.
Server platform product lines: cpu focuses on the local server market in China, with potential market space, and city occupancy rates are expected to further increase space. 3,ai chip, a company ' s strategic layout product, is expected to solve user pains and improve efficiency in the application of the ai reasoning and big data absconding.
The downside of the short-term storage and server industry, the pressure on decentralized stocks, the logistical impact of domestic sealing, the impact on the economy of the economy, the impact on the economy of the economy, and the impact on the economy of the economy.
Intel delayed sapphirrapids' production plan is the main risk. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then averaged the final rating as average market investment