Merchant Snakes Real Estate (001979) Focused on the core city, sales rankings up backwards, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
• Profit-taking pressures, and the advantage of low-cost financing. The company received 57.560 billion yuan in 2022h1, an increase of 28.9 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was 1.89 billion yuan, a decrease of 66.0 per cent in the same year. The area in which the public property project was completed and carried forward increased in the first half of 2022, with business income increasing in the same year, and the net return to the mother.
The reason for the decline in the lubricant ratio is: 1) due to the downside effects of the market, the rate of carry-over of real estate has declined in the same year, and the rate of carry-over has decreased in the same year; 2) during the same period of the previous year, the market was marketed as a bottom-of-the-ground asset, with the company ' s two industrial parks reit, generating after-tax revenues of 1,458 million yuan.
2022H1 Māori rate of 18.6% and net interest rate of 7.0%, both at the mid-industry level, the main reason for the decline is the high-priced carry-over. The company ' s three red lines continue to meet the target and multiple financing channels lower the cost. As of 202, the cash short debt ratio was 1.48, the financing cost was declining, the industry was kept low, and the company ' s combined financing cost was driven by a combination of costs.
The volume of sales has grown steadily and the rankings have risen in reverse. Thanks to market developments, priority housing firms in the first half of 2022 registered a decline in sales at the same rate, with 2022h1 contracted sales of 4.87 million m2, a decrease in the same amount, 2018-2022h1 sales rankings and market occupancy rates increasing from year to year, and Kerret sales rankings.
Su, Xian, Chongqing, Wuhan, Kunming, Nantung, Xu, Smokey, Shao Hing, Nakayama, Tin, Tai Kao, 14 cities are ranked top 10 in terms of local flow sales.
In the first half of 2022, the city occupied 60.7% of the land in the second-line city and 16.0% of the land in the first-line city.
Considering that the company's sales performance is robust, well-stocked and well-structured, first-time coverage gives a “holding” rating, pressure on profitability, low-cost financing advantages, operating income increases on a year-on-year basis, and net return on a year-on-year basis is due to: 1) carry-over of real estate operations as a result of the downside effects of the market
The Māori rate declined from the same year to the same year; 2) In the same period of the year, the company ' s two industries, the Mangin House, the Manpower Building and the Gardens, were listed as bottom-of-the-ground assets, and generated a post-tax gain of $1.458 billion. The profit margin is under pressure and the profitability of the industry is high. The Māori rate of 2022H1 was 18.6 per cent, with a net interest rate of 7.0 per cent, on average.
The main reasons for the decline in the level of tourism in the industry are high-priced carry-overs. Different businesses, community operations are influenced by real estate sales, types of carry-over products, volume of carry-overs, regional structures, etc. The Māori rate is 14.3 per cent, a slight decrease in the same ratio; park operations are affected by the carry-over of high Māori-rate projects, such as the first phase of the Shenzhen Pre-Sea Launch Area, during the same period of the previous year, and rent relief during the reporting period.
13.9 per cent, compared to the same year: Māori construction and operation in the cruise industry - 321.7 per cent, the domestic tourism market was affected by the epidemic in the first half of the year, with company cruises, cruise ships and passenger water operations suspended for extended periods of time; three red lines continued to meet the standards and multiple financing sources were reduced costs. As of 30 June 2022, the company closed the advance bill.
The published trader's association abn “22 Pre-Mart Thaiabn001” has only 2.4 per cent nominal interest rate.2 Sales have grown steadily in scale, rising by $118.8 billion, a 32.9 per cent decline in comparison with the previous year, and the city has achieved significant results in deep farming, with Shanghai, Hoyot, Suzhou, Xian, Chongqing, Wuhan,
Kunming, Nantung, Xu, Scho, Nakaeng, Tsi and Taikura, 14 cities have entered local flow sales and sales rankings and market rates have been rising year by year. Market performance has led to a similar increase in sales by priority housing firms in the first half of 2022, with companies growing by 32.9% in the first half of the year and ranking ahead of the same industry; according to Kerrei and the Bureau of Statistics.
According to the company 2018-2022h1 sales rankings and market occupancy rates have been increasing year by year, with Kiri selling rankings from the 12.3th year 2018, the core city of deep-cultivated land, with vast earth reserves, 60.7%, and the share of land inputs from the first line of cities rising to 16.0%. In terms of regional distribution, the long triangle is nearly half as high as it is in Kyoto.
Assumption 1: 54.1 per cent of the same rate of growth in the company ' s community development and operations in the first half of the year, and given the decline in market conditions and the lower proportion of annual revenues in the first half of the year, the projected 22-24-year settlement rate for the company ' s community development and operations is projected to increase, respectively, assumption 2: the firm ' s park development and operations are steadily developing and the company ' s park development and operations are expected to be completed in 22-24 years.
Assumption 3: The first half of the year was affected by the epidemic, cruise ship operations experienced a sharper decline in the same year, companies took the initiative to adjust their strategies, build up new breakthroughs, the pace of business growth needed to improve as the epidemic improved, the average annual income from the company's cruise industry was 5.85 times the average per year for 22-24 years of construction and operation, taking into account the firm's robust sales performance, sufficient soil storage and high-quality structure, and the first coverage was given to “holding”.
1) The completion of the work is less than expected; sales and refunds are less than expected; No compensation will not be obtained, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, nor as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.