Global clean energy trends lead the way, long-term market space, Yellow Sea Tzu, a global leader in the integration of the luminous industry, performance through the cycle: corporate development.
Over 20 years, the main industry has remained the same and is currently the largest single crystallized photovoltaic manufacturing enterprise in the world, producing, selling, and serving as one. Companies have performed well in their history: from 2013 to 2020, their operating income grew from 2.3 billion yuan to 54.6 billion yuan, with a compound increase each year.
Chen Xiaoxia has reached 57.4 per cent; net corporate profits have also increased from $72 million (2013) to $8.7 billion.
Managing the nature of the photovoltaic industry for long-term growth and short- and long-term profitability: taking stock of the company's past success, in addition to the shared cost control + R & D strength of leading companies + 852-2532-1599
Strength: A strong supply chain management capability that adheres to the “first principle” and is implemented efficiently, with precision in volume and technological advances. The company’s core competitiveness is: 1) good and stable corporate management team, with a wealth of managerial experience through long-term deep-deep-deep-blowing industry.
Strong strategic thinking and efficient strategic implementation capacity; 2) Core technical barriers, firm corporate monocrystal development paths, core competitiveness in key technical links such as silicon crystallization, slices and component conversion efficiency; 3) Brand value, with companies committed to becoming
The world's most valuable photovoltaic technology company, brands in the global monocrystal silicon and component areas, continue to grow in resonance; 4) vertically integrated corporate structures smooth the profits of firms, while at the same time market downstream with efficient monocrystal products, long-term market space is wide: long-term
The period looks at the vast scope for development of photovoltaics as an efficient and clean energy source, which, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA), is expected to be 7200gw by 2040. The company continues to expand downstream with the advantage of Silicon Rings, with a rapid growth in the harvest of its components, while at the same time setting up the city of bipv.
On the ground, long-term growth will benefit fully from industrial development.
The world's leading integrated monochrome manufacturing company, the Lungi Green Energy Company Ltd., founded in 2000, was formerly a new ally in electronic technology for semiconductor materials and semiconductor equipment (hereinafter referred to as “companies” or “Lonki”, “Lonki shares”), mainly engaged in electronic technology.
Single crystal silicon rods, silicon tablets, batteries and components are developed, produced and sold to provide products and system solutions for photovoltaic centralized ground power stations and distributed roofs. The company’s main products are solar assemblies and batteries, silicon tablets and silicon bars, power station construction and services, and electricity. The company is the largest collection of research and development, production, marketing, and servicing one in the world.
For the rest of the year, it has remained the main business, becoming the world’s largest single crystal silicon leader, and has been configured for integrated production and manufacturing from silicon sticks to components.
• Created by the company's predecessor, Xinxian New Alliance Electronics and Technology Ltd. • Created a 30-ton hardware-grade single-crystal silicon production capacity — Ning Shalongi, a 1,000-ton single-crysilica stick project
Construction of the 350mw ton single crystal silicon silicon project in Xi Anlongki, which brings in the ipo, collects $1.5 billion to buy 85 per cent of Zhejiang Leaf and expands to solar cells and components; and establishes subsidiaries.
Construction of a military photovoltaic station and operation epc — single crystal perc battery positive conversion efficiency of 24.06 per cent; 72 double-sided semi-component positive power bumping 450w, refreshing world record
• First-package bipv (building integration solar energy) product - the “top” (under the English name `longi roof') corporate equity relations are stable, and Li Jin Guo-Gong and Li Sheyan are shareholders and owners of the company, respectively
The second-largest shareholder, Li Chun-Ang, holds 10.55% of the shares of the company. In July 2011, Li Chun-Aun made a commitment to act in concert with Li Jin-goo and Li Hee-yan, one step forward in maintaining the stability of the equity structure and contributing to the firm ' s continued steady development, and the current Chairman, Chung Bao-Sung, also held the shares of the company.
With 1.7% of the company’s shares, it is one of the top ten shareholders. The company’s main founders and core management are both of technical origin (Lanta Physics Graduate), with Mr. Li Jingo, the company’s largest shareholder, being the company’s founder, semi-conductor material professional, with a professional background, and a profound understanding of industry and technology, which also enables it to base itself on the fact that the company’s largest shareholder is Mr. Li Jingo.
“First principle”, thinking deeply about the nature of photovoltaics, choosing a single crystalline route with greater potential for precipitation, as early as 2006, company management viewed the advantages of single crystalline technology routes and set strategic direction, focused on photovoltaics, focused on technological innovation and product leadership, and gradually proceeded with an integrated layout for the company's subsequent growth.
The first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. focused on single crystal silicon by 2015, with a revenue ratio of more than 80%, and the second half of 2014.
The service module was gradually extended downstream of the photovoltage industry chain, with a rapidly rising percentage of battery-assembly operations starting to rise. In 2016, the corporate battery-assembly component capture ratio exceeded the silicone business. In 2019, the component-based operations achieved revenue of $14.57 billion, representing 44.3 per cent of the company ' s total revenue, and the company changed its overall reporting calibre in its 2020 report.
Re-simplified into five main categories, with component operations continuing to rise to 66.39 per cent of total revenue. “531” policy implications, a sharp fall in the price of photovoltaic products affecting the company's Māori rate and net interest rate, corporate interest in recent years, First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
Figure 7: The place of corporate business in the solar photovoltaic industry, with the progress of solar power generation technology in recent years leading to continuous industrial development and the success of the company ' s single-crystal strategy and vertical industry chain expansion, has seen high growth in corporate performance since its listing.
1. In 2013-2014, global photovoltaic capacity recovered in the wake of the financial crisis and, in the wake of the collapse of the then-provincial industry, the company accelerated the opening of offshore markets, with overseas earnings exceeding domestic revenues for the second consecutive year and rising to over 60 per cent of total corporate revenues;
2. In 2014-2015, the company began to deploy downstream products, and battery-assembly operations yielded significant results, with cluster operations rising from 160 million yuan in 2014 to 2.52 billion yuan in 2015; 3. In 2016-2017, the price gap between single crystal silicone and multi-crystal silicon was reduced at an accelerated rate, with a clear market share
(b) In 2019, in the context of the overall warming of the domestic industry since the New Deal 531 of 2018 and the concentration of the foreign photovoltaic market, the level of corporate operating income rose rapidly from 2018 to a higher point, while the public
(b) In 2020, companies first ranked among the world's photovoltaic components, with global cities accounting for 19 per cent, up 11 per cent from the same time.
Accelerating release of company capacity, increased from 42gw at the end of 2019 to 85gw at the end of 2020, year-round, Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd. Chart 8: High rate of growth since company listing (millions of yuan)
Figure 9: High growth in net profits (millions of dollars) since the company was listed, in the nature of the photovoltaic industry, the ultimate goal is to replace traditional energy sources, so the priority is to keep electricity down, while single crystals have the potential to minimize electricity costs.
In the choice of the line, the founder Lee Jingo led a team that studied the industry carefully: multi-crystal silicon in a single-crystal furnace formed single-crytic, non-crystal, faulty, and low impurity-density silicon sticks, which, by simple casting, were made up of a large number of small crystal particles, the inter-particle crystalline would affect the reduction of battery emissions.
Power capacity. Single crystals have a single structure and a more stable crystal structure, giving them a strong advantage over multi-crystal materials, weak light response, low light decay, low work temperature and low wiring, with the result that more electricity is generated under equal working conditions, and in the completion of the above-mentioned work on the basis of the “first principle” of the industry.
After studying the comparison, the company eventually chose a single crystal route that had greater downput potential and more efficient conversion, and gradually moved into the Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd., which has a more conversion-efficient advantage than a multi-crystal product, but because of the longer period in the past,
Intra-cost disadvantages have led to a dominant market position for multi-crystal products. However, with the production costs of single-crystal silicon in recent years, and the increase in the efficiency of single-crystal product conversions, represented by high-efficiency battery technology such as perc, the effect is clear, so that single-crystal products are in terms of electrode costs in the context of reduced costs and increased conversion efficiency.
More crystal products have a higher value for money, and there is a marked acceleration in the trend of monocrystal alternatives to polycrystal products. According to the China Photovolt Industry Association ' s Road Map for the Development of China ' s Photovolt Industry 2020, the market for single crystal silicon (p-+n) was 90.2% in 2020, of which the market for p monocrysil tablets was 2019.
The market share of single crystal silicon silicon is expected to increase further as the demand for monocrystal products increases downstream, and the ratio of single crystal silicon silicon is expected to increase continuously. The market share of multiple silicone silicons declined from 32.5% in 2019 to 9.3% in 2020.
In the specific manufacturing process, the manufacture of single crystal silicon consists mainly of both long crystals and slices: single crystal silicon long crystal rings.
Lines; while regional melting produces products with higher purity, less impurities and less defects, it is more difficult to produce large single crystal silicon rods and more costly to apply to power devices. The straight-line process is to melt silicon in a single transistor, forming silicon rods through processes such as crystals, shoulder and shoulder, and so forth, and then cutting the silicon rods and forming them.
The cost of photovoltaic silicon is roughly divided into silicon costs, crystallization costs, and cutting costs. The cost of silicon is a major part of cost consumption, and silicon costs fluctuate with the price of silicon upflowing from the cost structure of single crystal silicon.
Change, we estimate that this part of the overall average is about 60% in the long term, with the cost of a single crystal silicon rod about 23% of the total cost and the cost of slices about 17%. In the cost structure of a single crystal, the silt and crystallized silicon, after steps such as high temperatures, cooling, etc., create cracks or break-ups that make it impossible.
Reuse it again. Because of the high level of cleanness required by single crystals, used platinum is not a guarantee of cleanness, while single crystal silicon is a high quality requirement for silicons, so that single crystals are more expensive and cannot be reused. In terms of electricity costs, domestic photovoltaic silicon producers are mostly in Inner Mongolia, Yunnan, Guizhou, etc.
In three ways: first, to increase the depreciation of one-time consumables and equipment, such as single-fired silica; secondly, to reduce the cost of electricity; and thirdly, to purchase silicon in bulk. For Lungi, its single-crystal silicon production base is located in Silvergawa, Nakain, Wu Xi, Chu, Baoshan, Ligang and Ligang.
Malaysia, for example, is a low-priced region, which makes it quite competitive in terms of electricity costs. With regard to crystallized slices, the company continues to optimize the upgrading of the process, is active in energy consumption control, fine-lined applications, thin slices, cutting, domestic substitution of ancillary materials, and intelligent manufacturing. The cost of monocrystal silicon non-silicon continues to fall.
Low. According to the company ' s annual reports, the non-silicon costs of the company ' s single crystal silicon silicon have been steadily reduced from 2013 to 2020 by more than 10% per year, benefiting from technological advances and efficiency improvements in the production chain from the time of listing to the present.
The R & D projects were completed and imported as planned, and the quality control levels of large-scale products and N-type products continued to rise up, core key quality indicators continued to be optimized and non-silicon costs were further reduced, with the average unit cost of the crystalline chain falling by 9.98 per cent compared to 9.98 per cent, the average unit cost of the sliced chain falling by 10.82 per cent compared to the average unit of the silicon, and the quality of the silicon.
Cost continues to be industry-led. From the non-silicon link that currently exists in the company’s future, first of all, the company is now finished with a single crystal-high-speed, continuous-growth (ccz) technology layout, and the prevailing rcz technology is due to a crystal stick.
When the system is completed, the next crystal bar pulls, with some bottlenecks in efficiency, can be achieved. Compared to the rcz technology applied in the mainstream industry, the ccz technology raises overall production efficiency by more than 20%, and the combined production costs are reduced by more than 10%. At the same time, the product axis produced through the ccz technology is powered by an electrical resistance rate, oxygen content.
All are even, more suitable for the p-perc battery process and more efficient n-cell process, and are the most effective crystallization techniques for silicon silicon blending.
• In the company's first annual report after listing, it revealed a 18 per cent reduction in the cost of crystalline non-silicon on the same date, and a 6.9 per cent reduction in the cost of slices on the same date.
By reducing the cost of non-silicon by 12.79 per cent on a year-on-year basis, companies are fully implementing industrial applications of advanced technologies such as the diamond cutting process, perc technology, etc., by 20.78 per cent on a year-on-year non-silicon product.
• The cost of standard silicon non-silicon in the company's new project was not higher than $1/silica, down from the standard in 2012 • The cost of non-silicon in the company's silicon product was further reduced, with a decrease of 10.49 per cent in the average unit nonsilicon cost of the crystalline chain and a decrease of 27.81 per cent in the average unit nonsilicon cost of the slice.
• The cost of non-silicon products is further reduced, with average unit non-silicon costs for the crystalline chain dropping by 25.46 per cent and average unit non-silicon costs for the sliced chain dropping by 26.5 per cent per year • the level of quality control for large-sized products and type N products continuously increasing, with average units for the crystalline chain increasing
The cost of non-silicon falls by 9.98 per cent over the same period, and the average unit cost of the slices drops by 10.82 per cent over the same period.
So the efficiency of silicon use is a top priority, with companies owning the world’s leading diamond cutting process and thin-filtration manufacturing technology. The diamond cutting technology was initially in the hands of only a handful of Japanese manufacturers, and was not initially applied to the photovoltaic industry, from gold to cutting in the country.
The company continues to promote the process of cutting gold and steel lines, to develop domestic suppliers until downstream equipment and feed suppliers are nurtured, and in 2015 the company took the lead in the industry in cutting 100% of the single crystalline silicon, followed by further fine-tuning of the diameter of the gold and thinning of the silicon.
The efficiency gains in the use of silicon materials eventually lead to lower slice costs, and when purchasing equipment in terms of depreciation and efficiency of use, the company will divide the modules of the modules in combination with the technological leadership of the individual manufacturers in the different modules, with custom requirements and technical improvements, and sign the queue.
As a result, companies tend to be better equipped to adapt to new technologies and processes, with long-term applicability and lower technology adaptation costs. At present, domestic suppliers of equipment and materials in companies are well-established to cover all production chains, the most famous of which are in the chain control of the new three-boards.
(0c:835368) The company actually controls one of the people, Chung Poschen, who is the current chairman of Lungi's shares. The equipment monocrystals will be used in the crystallization process, so the magnetic field that controls the temperature in the furnace and controls the shape of the crystal is the key to determining the production capacity of the monocrystals, and the internationally known semiconductor monocrystal manufacturers of the United States, Kayex and Linton, both of them.
A fully-owned subsidiary that has already been acquired by the chain of command, with its visionary layout and deep industrial accumulation, is now under control to launch in 2018 a new kind of kx320mczr direct-magnetized single-crylic furnace, which will be a small part of the country with a semi-inch super-diametered single-crystal. Moreover, because companies are personally involved in such key production settings,
Designed so that the core technology has a know-how advantage in the operation of specific equipment, with one side, Shanghai First Securities Co. Ltd., playing an extreme role in the use of equipment and producing high-quality products; on the other hand, because
At the beginning of the design of the equipment, consideration was given to the need to upgrade the space at a later stage, making the company ' s monocrystal furnaces more adaptable, allowing for rapid design and low-cost adaptation of high-efficiency equipment in line with the future direction of the industry, and enhancing credit for the company ' s acquisition of Zhejiang Leaf in October 2014, based on the firm ' s determination of its leading position in the area of single crystal silicon.
Eighty-five per cent of the shares were created in 2015 to expand the market for the development, manufacture and sale of downstream components, with the aim of further leading the monocrystal market up and avoiding the reoccuring of the global colour power industry, which in the same year, as punctuated with plasma technology, and which ended up losing to LCD because of the lack of support from the industrial chain.
The industrial chain, the company's aim is to nurture its own monocrystal empire, and if it was a battery, not a component, it would be faced with the risk of competing with its customers, silicon and battery, double-deeping, making components, pulling the monocrystal silicon, and finding replacements for single-crystal batteries, building good production and marketing relationships.
The capacity of the company ' s components has grown rapidly since the establishment of Leaf Light Volt as a platform for light voltage components in 2015, from a high-speed of 1.5gw in 2015 to 26.6gw in 2020, and the size of the collection has also increased from $2.52 billion in 2015 to the largest-income business of the company.
The components are downstream of the photovoltaic chain, and the end-user is usually a power-generating enterprise. The components are made through a chain of batteries, which are then processed in a sealed manner, require a variety of raw materials to be extracted from the production process, and the technical barriers in the processing process are low, so the profitability of the individual components is often low for a long time.
Barriers are low, but the pattern of components has been fragmented since then. Cr 54.7% in 2019. There has been a steady increase in the share of cities in the last few years. From the global rankings, after only two years of service, Lungi's share in the top ten years of global output, with companies ranked seventh in 2017, followed by companies in 2018 and the rest of the world.
In 2019, components were ranked fourth in all, and in February 2020, the company announced that it intended to cash the Ningbo River, Kitakyo New Energy Technology Ltd., which now owns PV cells in Viet Nam with an annual capacity of more than 3gw, and PV components with an annual capacity of more than 7gw, after which the company successfully delivered the entire year with more than 20gw in late 2020.
First Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. Figure 18: Global solar component output statistics for the year 2020
Figure 17: Dismantling of main manufacturing costs of photovoltaic components
Corporate component products are based on large-scale silicon, double-sided, semi-discreet technology, constantly improving product conversion efficiency and performance, and the maximum conversion efficiency of components has been on record several times since 2018. According to the China Photovoltaic Industry Association, the average capacity of the photovoltaic industry in 2019 was 60 perc monocrystal components.
320w, using 166 dimensions perc single crystal assembly power of approximately 360w, while the company ' s 166 dimensions silicon technology, with 60 and 72 perc components, respectively, produced a higher yield power of 365w-375w, 435w-450w, than the industry average water level. In the last April 2021, Lungi announced a 25.09% increase in the conversion efficiency of the n topcon battery.
On the other hand, in the 2020q4 Pvmoduletech financial rating report, the company was again able to obtain a further 25.21% conversion efficiency of the single crystal n-topcon battery at the Lungi Battery Research and Development Center, which raised the conversion efficiency of the commercial size of the celltopcon based on cz silicon.
The top rating of 2020q4 and the single global supplier of the aaaa-level component, which is currently the highest in the rating report and the highest available in the world for the photovoltaic component. Pvmoduletech is an authoritative analytical tool in the photovoltaic industry, which combines the manufacturing capacity of the enterprise and the financial health rating of all photovoltaic component manufacturers.
The first quarter was the first to obtain aaa rating and has since maintained the highest rating. The downstream customers of the first Shanghai Securities Company are power station owners.
From the power side, companies have a building base in Malaysia and Viet Nam to respond to the “double-reverse” policies of some European and American countries. In addition to the market’s regional fragmentation, the customers of the components’ operations are more decentralized.
Clients are mainly pec builders and power plant owners, and markets are more fragmented than upstream. Decentralized market areas and customers are more demanding of channels. Thus, companies continue to enhance their overseas marketing power and service security, overseas market expansion has been significant, corporate global sales regions continue to expand, and overseas income growth has been significant,
The size of the business has grown rapidly, the market share of the product has increased rapidly, with companies earning 21.4 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 70 per cent over the same year. The top five countries exporting their components are the United States, Spain, Mexico, Norway, Australia, and the United States, India, Southern Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East, among others, are the near future of the company.
Although China now accounts for about one third of the world’s markets, the rate of growth in emerging countries has surged rapidly in recent years, and is expected to become a new growth point in the photovoltaic sector. Meanwhile, for mature markets, sales prices are higher and profit margins are greater in countries and regions.
Figure 20: Global layout of Lungi Leye for long-term profit from the essence of the industry
In view of Lungi's development over the years, both in strategic planning and decision-making and in research and development and product strategies, this enterprise has always followed the “first sex principle” in all its aspects, which is the basis for the continued growth of Lungi's shares. The first sex principle, a term that Tesla's founder, Mask, has repeatedly mentioned, is extremely hot in recent years, but it's very hot.
What's the first principle? In short, it's focused on discovering the essence of things and making decisions on that basis. At the start of the company, the Lee Zhengo and the management team argued that the nature of the photovoltaic industry, like traditional energy sources, was to compare the low electricity costs of the energy industry, which was the first principle of the energy industry.
Effects. Differences in costs can be bridged by technology, and poor efficiency between different technology routes is inherent. Single crystal silicon, despite its high puncture costs, is more organized and more efficient than docilium because of its internal atoms. This is the result of the three iron laws that Lungki has followed over the past two decades. Always focused on single crystals.
The route, however difficult it may be in the short term, is the only direction; it is always focused on technological innovation and product leadership; it is focused on the main sector, eliminating the temptations to profit that have nothing to do with it. First, in terms of the absolute value of capital spending, it has been industry-led for the last few years.
Cash outflows from total investment activities amount to $36.7 billion and are in an absolute lead against other major counterparts in the industry, and this huge investment has allowed companies to actively reserve advanced technology. Technology changes in the photovoltaic industry are faster, R & D is less likely to hold out in the long run, but due to cost first, only the cost of mass production is low enough.
The first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. is the right time for new technologies to be market-oriented. Thus, since entering the photovoltaic industry, companies have maintained the principle of “R & D-based, mass production anchored” to promote new technologies on a timely scale in order to make the most up-to-date gains in technological progress.
In terms of research results, in the first half of 2020, the company published a white paper entitled " Longki monocrysil silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silic silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silic silic silic silic silic silic silic silic silicon silic silic silic silic silic silic silic silic silic sili sili silic silic silic sili sili sili silic silic silic silic silic silic silic sili sili silic sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili from the sili- sili sili sili sili- sili sili- ) from the sili sili silic sili sili sili sili) sili) sili) sili sili) sili) sili) sili) sili), the sili sili sili sili
Second, vertically integrated company layouts bring about control over key raw materials, channels, etc., making it easier to cope with external market environments. The synergy of operations is more conducive to the diffusion of new product technologies, such as monocrystals.
At the same time, integration increases efficiency, leading to greater profitability and profitability. In our view, integration is a future trend for the industry, with a growing number of companies looking at the current luminous industry poles, ready to launch or are in the process of doing so.
1) Smoothing the profits of enterprises. As a typical cyclical growth industry, the photovoltaic industry is volatile during the expansion cycle and seasonal weeks, resulting in high price volatility of products, affecting the company ' s phased profitability, and as an integrated enterprise, all the profits of the chain are ultimately matched to the component end, which effectively smooths the cyclical nature of the industry;
The key prerequisite for the implementation of the vertical integration strategy is that enterprises have a multi-point cost control capability in the industrial chain at the forefront of the industry so that they can obtain the cost advantages of vertical integration.
So, the optimization of the process has gradually weakened its role in precipitation, the industry has become smaller and smaller, and the dominant cost advantage remains in the middle- and middle-stream, but continues to be pursued, giving vertically integrated enterprises the opportunity to shrink at each of these stages and to divide the cost gap in the sub-industry.
Finally, in the light of the growth of the industry itself, in recent years, given the limited availability of conventional energy and the increased environmental pressures, many countries around the world are developing solar energy and becoming important components of their sustainable development strategies. An era of large-scale solar energy use is approaching, with solar-scale monocrystals.
In addition, Governments, including my own, have put in place a series of “sunshine industries” preferential policies and a “photo-leading” scheme, which give priority to the industry, which in general offers better prospects for development. At the same time, with multiple crystallizations, increased loads, rapid growth, and gold.
The large-scale industrialization of technologies such as straight cutting, thinning, etc. has led to a significant reduction in the cost of monocrystal silicon production, while high-efficiency battery technology, such as perc, has had a clear effect on the efficiency of monocrystal conversion, resulting in more crystallized products in terms of electricity consumption costs in the context of declining yields and increasing conversion efficiency.
High value for money, and a clear acceleration in the trend of monocrystal alternatives to multi-crystal products. According to the China Photovoltaic Industry Association ' s Road Map for the Development of China ' s Photovoltaic Industry, the market share of monocrysil silicon rose from 27% in 2017 to 2020, thanks to a more favourable production cost advantage, the country has become the largest solar battery and battery in the world.
Since 2013, the production of solar cells has steadily increased in size, leading to a steady increase in the demand for monocrystal silicon in the industry. According to China's Photovolt Association, in 2020, the production of cell cells in China was about 134.8gw, an increase of 22.2% compared to the previous year, and China clearly proposed CO2 emissions at the United Nations General Assembly in 2020.
In 2021, on the afternoon of February 15, the ninth meeting of the Central Finance and Economics Committee was convened to stress once again the need for carbon peaking, carbon neutrality and integration into the overall landscape of eco-civilization, with a sharp grip on iron and carbon until 2030.
New energy development, such as photovoltaics and wind power, is an important way to achieve “carbon neutrality.” In the broader context of “pair-price Internet access” in the photovoltaic industry, the China Photovoltaic Industry Association (cpia) predicts the first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd.
Thus, the demand for monocrystal silicon is expected to show a well blow-out trend. Our solar photovoltaic industry, although late, is growing rapidly, especially since 2013, with solar photovoltaic power rising in the country in an outbreak driven by national and regional policies, according to the National Energy Agency.
During the year, 48.2 million kilowatts of additional photovoltaics were installed throughout the country, an increase of 59.50% over the same period. By 2021, q1, the number of additional photovoltaics installed in the country was 5.56gw, a return to a multi-year average relative to the very low value of the epidemic in the first quarter of 2020 and the very high value of the four-quarter holdup.
Since then, the country has grown rapidly in the amount of photovoltaic power generation. In 2013, the national amount of photovoltaic power generation was only 9.1 billion kWh. By 2020, the national amount of photovoltaic power generation was 26.5 billion kWh, an increase of 16.1 per cent compared to the same year, and by 2021 q1 the national amount of photovoltaic power was 68.8 billion kWh, an increase of 30.3 per cent compared with the national rate of photovoltaic power generation of 97.5 per cent.
In recent years, the State has been increasing its support for the photovoltaic industry, with a rapidly growing capacity and centralized power supply throughout the country.
The station has been at the mercy of investment in the photovoltaic industry because of its high capacity. In 2020, the country installed 48.2 million additional kW, of which 32.68 million kW are concentrated and 1552 million kW are distributed. According to the layout of the new installed machines, about 36% are in the central east and south, and 64% are in the “tri-north” region.
At the end of May, the number of photovoltaic installed units nationwide reached 244 million kW, of which the centralized power station was 16.35 million kW, distributed by 78.15 million kW. At the end of the first quarter of 2021, the number of additional photovoltage and net installed units nationwide was 5.56 million kW, and the number of new grid-connected photovoltaic installed machines nationwide was 304 kW, an increase of 76.7 per cent as at the end of March 2021.
The country has 260 million kW of photovoltaic installed power plants, of which 167.8 million kW of centralized power stations are distributed in light voltage, but as the construction of centralized power plants progresses, the problems of light disposal and electricity transmission become apparent. As the central power plants are mostly built in the northwest with sufficient light, economic development is relatively backward and new energy sources cannot be eliminated.
Electricity, and the grid structure and delivery capacity cannot support the transmission of electricity to electricity demand areas in the central and eastern regions, and the power limit seems to continue to deteriorate. The power levels exposed by centralized power plants are incommencable in situ and difficult to deliver is precisely the advantage of distributed power plants. Our power load is concentrated in the central and eastern regions, and the manufacturing sector is relatively well developed and under construction.
In a limited area, efficient power generation can be achieved through the use of conversion-efficient monocrystal components to meet user demand for electricity. At the same time, since distributed power generation follows “spontaneity, residual access”, much of the power generation is consumed by the users themselves, and only excess power is transferred through the distribution grid to the main grid, which is connected to the conversion costs of the distribution grid.
The impact on the grid is low, and the country has successively introduced a series of policies to support the development of distributed photovoltaic power, such as the Circular on wind power, photovoltaic power development and related matters in 2021 (for comments), issued in April 2021, and the Wind power and photovoltaic project in 2020, issued in March 2020.
Therefore, we believe that the State's drive to build distributed power stations will further drive market demand for monocrystal products and demand for expansion of production capacity, prompting manufacturers of photovoltaic products to further improve their production efficiency through technological upgrading.
The market share of monocrystal products is bound to rise considerably as the demand for monocrystal products increases downstream, the market share of monocrysil silicon is expected to grow further, and the ratio of the n monocrysil silicon is expected to rise. The market share of polycrysil silicons will gradually decline in the future, but it will be necessary to keep the market in the segmented market.
We expect a 98% market share of single crystal silicon (p- and n-type) in 2026, in conjunction with the projected composition of the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries. Meanwhile, with the growth of single crystal silicon market share and the new production capacity of single crystal silicon manufacturing firms, the single crystal silicon industry continues to be good.
The first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. is looking ahead to expect faster production of single crystal silicon over the next few years, and, in combination with our production of single crystal silicon and the rate of increase in capacity, we expect China to produce 3.91 million tons of single crystal silicon.
Figure 29: China's monocrystal silicon production forecast for 2021-2026 (gw) billion, with a retrospective history of a slight shortfall in the achievement of the targets affected by the New Deal 5.31 in 2018.
The rest of the calendar year’s targets were exceeded, showing that the company’s performance exceeded expectations as a matter of course. At this point in time, looking at the company’s near-future profitability projections, first of all, the company’s component business has made a substantial leap forward, and the market’s advantages have been built up successively, and over time it will benefit fully from the presence of integrated top firms.
Next, the firm ' s silicon silicon business has been steadily developing, with the market share decreasing the non-silicon costs of the first Shanghai Securities Company Limited after the monocrystal replacement of the polycrystal ending; 3) lower prices for products than for the industry; 4) restructuring and upgrading of the marketing structure
It is worth noting that, after entering 2021, due to the continued rise in the price of the upstream multi-crystal silicon, the profit margins of the general silicon and component operations in the PV industry have been squeezed to varying degrees, and the company, despite having a long-standing contract with the upstream supplier, is still not immune to this large increase in raw material prices, which we have adjusted appropriately.
Low corporate profit margins in 2021, but we believe that this rise in upstream raw material prices is the result of short-term games in the industry, which are unsustainable and have no significant impact on the company ' s long-term development logic, and that, on the basis of the above-mentioned logic, our core operating assumptions for the company ' s main business are as follows:
Silicon silicon and silicon stick operations: We expect the company to produce 110gw, 130gw, 145gw in 2021-2023, and with the expansion and release of the company ' s silicon operations, it is expected that the company ' s presence on the market will increase and continue to be a leader. Prices are influenced by higher prices of silicon upstream in the year, and the market prices for silicon are now higher.
The average price of silicon tablets for the entire year 2021 is currently expected to remain high, but we believe that this large-scale increase in the price of silicon will last for a limited period of time and that the price of silicon will probably fall back to this point in 2022.
We expect the company to produce 65gw, 75gw, 90gw in 2021-2023, and the stock ratio of the company is expected to increase continuously as the capacity is released. Taking into account the trend in the prices of the company’s components, the photovoltaic industry is a fast and slow industry.
Rapidization may lead to greater volatility in business-phased profits; “slow” is the fact that the current industry pattern is becoming more stable, leading companies have increased to a certain percentage and have a voice in the industry that can influence the industry, Shanghai First Securities Co. Ltd.
The company, as the absolute leader of the industry, has a leading edge at the manufacturing end, while at the same time extending downstream, the integrated layout of the public division helps to reduce costs and improve product performance in a timely manner, and the various layouts that the company has made in recent years will enter the harvest period in the next 2-3 years, taking into account the long-term competitive power of the company.
We value the company as a comparable company with other companies in the photovoltaic industry, cosmopolitan energy, solar power, central ring shares, and Crystal and Australasia, with the industry consistently expected average pe separately for 2021-2023, and with long-term high growth and profitability as industry leaders, we believe that the company valuation should have a certain amount of spillover.
In the interim, for the first time, a “buy-in” rating was given to companies. New technological developments in the industry were unexpected, the epidemic led to lower-than-expected demand and increased competition in the photovoltaic market.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is prepared by Shanghai I Securities Company Ltd. (“Shanghai I”) and is intended for private general review only.
You shall not rely on anything in this report to make any investment decisions. The contents of this report do not take into account the investment orientation, financial situation or any special needs of individual investors.