Three-quarter net profit booms and a further increase in profitability: three-quarter performance reviews in 2024, China General (stock code: 6880009.sh)
Events: Corporate disclosure of three-quarters 2024. Companies achieved $20.940 billion in revenue in the first three quarters of 2024, and q3 registered a positive increase in net profit returns in the first quarter.
: lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn 29,128 million yuan, i.e. 42,76 per cent of the total. Of this amount, railways have maintained a robust contract of 1,467 million yuan, i.e. + 109 per cent of the previous three quarters; overseas operations have expanded well, with a new contract of 3,911 million yuan, i.e. the same amount.
Wang Xia Xia Xia Xianxian has improved its business structure and profitability. The company’s profitability continues to improve as a result of a contraction in the overall engineering contracting business with a low Māori rate and an increase in the urban track and overseas Māori business.
On the one hand, the railways continue to recover, and the new lines are over-expected, driving demand, and on the other hand, the country's high iron is undergoing a major overhaul, with a relatively deep 300-percent performance.
During the build-up period, it is expected that over the next five years there will be 10,000 km of high-speed control systems in the renovation cycle. New demand will be released, company railway operations will remain robust. Recent press conferences by the Ministry of Finance have referred to the holding of local government debt, the high proportion of local government downstream of urban track equipment and the high proportion of receivables in the future.
On October 23, low-altitude smart technology announced a limited number of companies. As a national team in the field of smart traffic control, China's Express has access to low-altitude air space management.
The technology extension base, based on intelligent transport and root control technology, has developed its own low-altitude airspace intelligence control system (id-space). Since this year, it has been working in low-altitude finance with compost, Suzhou, tin-free, Beijing, and Nan An, among others, and has been the first low-altitude economic infrastructure design project.
The scale of the Jeunesse business is accelerating, and it is hoped that a new growth pole will be built.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.