The American group (000333) home appliances, the huge buy-backs, are a sign of confidence and are expected to run towards the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Large buybacks are a sign of long-term corporate development confidence. From America’s years-long buyback program, whether buyback prices are an indication of the company’s confidence in future development.
Since 2009, the founder of the United States, H. He, has handed over the chairman of the Board to a professional manager, Hongbo, the American group has set in motion a career manager system for listed companies in China. The corporate governance and incentives of the United States group have been the first in the industry.
The white power industry is expected to be good, so the raw materials impact is not overly worrying. In terms of sales, as stocks are cleared and the epidemic stabilizes, the H1 air conditioning industry is expected to increase on an equal basis in 2021.
In the last two years, prices have been reduced and stocked in the air-conditioning industry as a whole is now at a lower water level. We expect to maintain the price rise since September 2020 in 2021 at the end of the industry price battle. In summary, we expect the air-conditioning industry to move up in 2021.
The industry will benefit fully from industrial warming. While the price of raw materials continues to rise or will put some pressure on the company’s profitability, given the company’s role as a white power pole, its soundness is good, and the costs of running copper futures operations are high. In addition, the company is in a strong position in the industrial chain, where cost-side pressures can be directed.
According to Ovienet data, the average price on and below the air-conditioning line increased by 14.1% and 3.4% on the same basis, so we do not think that the rise in the price of raw materials would have to worry too much about the company’s impact.
The company, as a white power tap, will benefit fully from the recovery of industrial trends. Large buybacks have highlighted confidence in the company’s long-term development, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The US Group (000333), the tough ones, the tough ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones, the bad ones.
No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for reasons other than, or for reasons other than, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.