The growth hormones are growing steadily, and the dose of herpes with herpes has increased, the incident evaluation report of the company Changchun (000661.sz) issued a performance announcement for the third quarter of 2023: q3 was achieved in 2023.
Hobbx@cfsc.com.cn has achieved positive growth on a high base.
Growth of 3.81 per cent; net return to the mother (3,524 million yuan, 156 per cent more than the previous year). For the third quarter alone, the gold racing pharmaceutical industry collected $2,979 million, 4.23 per cent more than the same year, and the ring 6.93 per cent more; and the gold racing medicine industry returned to the mother $1,327 million, or the same amount.
The growth hormone long-acting agent-type income has increased by 70% over the same period in the second quarter. The Division has achieved self-supply of polyethylene recombinant growth hormone fluids, which can be effectively reduced by lower production costs and higher growth hormone long-actant Maori ratios, which are a product of the company.
By 2023q3, the 100-gram bios of the subsidiary would have collected $1,243 million, the same amount.
For the second quarter, the 100-gram bio camp received 684 million yuan, a 60.91 per cent increase in the same year, the ring, an increase in the speed of the growth, and a 36.24 per cent increase in the future of the ring, with the major herpes contributing to a major increase of q3
Peg supply is approved, and the long-acting Māori is expected to rise. As of October 15, 2023, 100 g bioband herpe vaccine was approved.
Access has been completed in the provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, along with the development of a digital marketing model, and the re-energization of the rash is expected to lead to a gradual increase in market coverage for herpe-type vaccines.
Risks associated with the collection of uncertainties, increased risks associated with growth hormone competition, under-suspension of new infections, policy risks, under-sale of herpes vaccine, etc.
Hubo Shin: Master ' s degree in Pharmacology, 10 years ' experience in medicine in the securities industry, who was a core member in the new wealth team for medicine.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.