The third quarter of the Medical Group performed at a steady pace, and vaccine affiliates maintained a high rate of growth. On 23 October 2023, the company released its third quarter report for the first three quarters of 2023.
Dollars, equal to +4 per cent; net profit from non-repatriation of 3.616 billion yuan, equal to +5 per cent. Net profit from repatriation of 1,452 million yuan, equal to +8 per cent, by season; net profit from deduction of non-repatriation of mothers.
2. "Longchun High Company Review: The end of the season is over, the bottom is worth three quarters of steady performance, and the base figure has grown exponentially since the second quarter.
Focus Layout, 2023.4.18 The therapeutic order is fully restored, and the company's performance is back on a steady growth path.
The core subsidiary, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, achieved revenue of $8.118 billion (+4 per cent) and a net profit of $1,327 million (+4 per cent) attributable to the mother-in-law.
In the first three quarters of the year, 1.243 billion yuan (+44%) was achieved; the net profit from the return was realized monthly, and access was completed in 29 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government.
With a multiplicity of different advantages, such as low response rates, wider applicability, and greater accessibility, future exposure is expected to accelerate further. Technological innovation accelerates.
With regard to product layout, corporate strategic planning covers paediatric endocrine and paediatrics.
The combination, adult endocrine, women’s health, tumours, leather medicine, etc., are among the business panels that are expected to provide a solid basis for the accelerated growth of the company’s new business in the future.
Corporate growth hormone poles are strong and the long-term growth logic is unchanged, and we maintain the profitability of health insurance and control costs risk: growth hormone competition increases the risk: vaccine sales are not expected; research and development is not progressing as expected.