Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) % q3 performance ring improvement, yield prospects for increased production. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
The company published three quarterly reports in 2021, which generated revenues of $19.88 billion in the first three quarters, or 7.31 per cent of the year; the net-epidemiological impact of the epidemic, which resulted in a decline in performance on a year-on-year basis, and the return in oil prices, which resulted in an improvement in the q3 round of performance; and the impact of the epidemic, which resulted in a decline in performance on a year-on-year basis: the first three quarters, especially the first quarter, was hit by an economic downturn and a drive that was hit by the epidemic.
The two-fold impact of the slow recovery of the business situation, delays, delays and adjustments in some of the operational projects, and a decrease in the number of work and equipment usage rates of the main sections have decreased on a year-on-year basis have led to a decline in performance. Of this, the number of days of operation of the rigs is estimated at 10.1 million, compared to 9.0 per cent. Of this, the number of days of operation of the self-incented rigs is equal to 5.6 per cent, with the calendar day utilization rate.
The same ratio - 5.9 pct; 20.8% for semi-submarine drilling platforms and 9.8% for calendar days. The oil price rebound q3 performance ring improved: 2021q3 continued to promote and optimize production operations while doing its best to overcome the effects of the epidemic and further boosted the efficiency gains, leading to a recovery in the volume loops of the major business plates during the period.
The income ring ratio has increased. The company drills the platform for the wells for about 3507 days and the ring for +6.69%, of which the self-introduction ring for the rig for +3.4%, the calendar day ring for +1.5pt, the semi-submarine drilling platform for + 22.5%, and the calendar day ring for +0.5pt.
• The National Energy Security Strategy and the Seven-Year Action Plan, which contribute to the long-term development of the company, currently have a high external dependency on oil and gas, and in order to safeguard the country's energy security, the China-China Oil Research Institute has developed a “seven-year plan of action”, which will result in a significant increase in the investment and volume of marine oil and gas in the country in the coming period
Long. According to China Ocean Oil Bulletin, the q3 quarter capex is 20.940 billion yuan, with a cumulative 56.96 billion annual company report evaluation report - q4 over-expected performance in the first three quarters, won, with a year-round capex plan of between $90 billion and $100 billion, and progress in the first three quarters is lower than expected, with high oil prices below capex
q4 is expected to be raised by the ring. In the current global carbon neutralization and rollout, global spending on hydrocarbon capital is lower than expected, leaving oil prices on a long-term basis, but China, driven by its energy security strategy, is expected to continue with the company’s review - China’s excess spending on oil capital.
Continue to scale up oil and gas mining, especially in resource-rich offshore fields, will be the main direction for increasing production from reserves.