q3 Profit margins improved and high oil prices contributed to the recovery of the climate event: 28 October 2021, the third quarter report of 2021 was issued by China Sea oil uniforms. 2021 China Sea oil uniforms (601808.sh)
During the first three quarters, the company realized 19.882 billion yuan, or 7.3 per cent of the same amount, after deducting the sum of 7,147 million yuan, or +3 per cent, or 4.6 per cent, for 2020 and the Norwegian q3 quarter; the net profit for the mother was 651 million yuan, or +47.8 per cent, or +5 per cent; and the net profit for the non-retroactivity of the mother was 620 million.
In 21 years, the market for q3 garments recovered slowly, and the company’s performance continued to improve. High international oil prices \triangleright \triangleright led to a recovery in the market for garments.
A 3 per cent, 10.2 per cent and 47.8 per cent increase in q3 crop, Māori, and parent-to-manufacture returns over the same period of 21 years was due mainly to a significant increase in exchange losses due to the appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar during the same period last year, and a 63.3 per cent decrease in financial costs in q3 in 21 years compared to the q3 company camp in 21 years.
The net profit ring ratio rose by 4.59 per cent and 4.97 per cent, with a steady increase in performance in the single season compared with the previous period, mainly as a result of the increase in the volume of work in the plates, the 220-day increase in the number of days of operation in the drilling platform and its own square kilometres, while companies continued to increase their R & D expenditure in the area of technical services, q3 R & D costs
The first three quarters of the company was affected by the 21-year-old q1 outbreak shock and the postponement of some orders, resulting in a decline in the volume of work and equipment usage of the major plates, a decline in the company ' s total and net profits in the previous three quarters, and a failure to fully escape the epidemic.
International oil prices rebounded, but international oil companies still have a certain lag and caution in their exploration and development inputs, as well as a slow recovery in the size of the garment market due to the continuing effects of the epidemic. Crude oil has entered the new $80 era to boost the oil-coat industry.
At the end of the day, the vaccination process accelerated, downstream refineries recovered steadily, finished oil consumption rose, global demand for crude oil was repaired more rapidly, global demand and demand was tight to boost oil prices, and international gas and coal prices had surged since September 2021, triggering an energy crisis and Brent oil prices.
High oil prices create more investment and profit opportunities for upstream exploration and development enterprises, leading to the restoration of the oil-coat industry. q4 capital spending in China and China is expected to accelerate, and company performance is expected to rise.
\triangleright, "Climate Recovering, Policy Plus, Tremendous " , "The global recovery has been slow, the epidemic has rebounded in some countries and regions, and the Chinese oil is capitalizing.
52,108.06 million yuan, or only 63.3 per cent of the lower budget limit of 90 billion yuan, but the price of oil continues to rise.
With support from the company’s plan to increase production, capital spending has increased further, with the probability that China’s oil reserves will meet the minimum capital spending target of $90 billion in 2021. With the launch of the new oil projects in China and China in the fourth quarter and the increase in the level of financial settlement, China’s oil capital spending will drive the company’s performance to one level.
Sinda Securities Inc. Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We predict the company ' s net return profits in 2021-2023, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing, quickly maintaining the “buy-in” rating of the company. Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risk of oil prices; and rebound demand recovery.
In 2017, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is mainly responsible for research on the chain of crude oil, gas and garment industries and investment assessment of the petrochemical project of the China Sinda Asset Management Corporation.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.