Events: 24.42 billion yuan (2.17 per cent) in corporate revenues in the first quarter of 2020, net return to the mother
q1 q1 price increases, short-term performance pressure: the company sold about 410,000 tons of bovine and products during the quarter, an increase of 6 per cent compared to the previous year, and the negative sales of q1 under the influence of spring holidays and domestic epidemics.
The main contribution to the growth in sales is that the demand for wind power is expected to remain strong in 2020, while the company’s continued new product development and inputs in the field of wind power have made it highly competitive and the city’s share is expected to increase further throughout the year.
q1 prices are clearly falling on a year-on-year basis and are a major factor in the decline in performance, with 2400 tex unattended, high-end electronic fabric prices refracturing, with the current price of electronic fabric being about 3.6 yuan per square metre, relative to total market value/flow (millions)
A low rebound of 0.8 yuan per square metre, and with the advent of the 5g era, demand for electronic fabrics is expected to pick up gradually, while the company’s ability to perform electronic veils will fully benefit the industry. The rate of return is much lower than the price decline, and internal competitiveness will continue to increase: q1
The Māori rate is only 31.39 per cent, and if recast as a reclassification of the cost of moving into business, such as transportation costs, the period performance will be pressured and the long-term growth trend will not change.
The strength, product restructuring and fine management have kept the level of profitability high, and the firm's performance has remained under pressure to stay in the middle of the industry, and its inherent competitiveness has continued to grow.
A small increase in stock days and a 30 per cent decrease in financial costs over the same period: at the end of the reporting period, the company stock of commodities was in swing for approximately 113 days, an increase of about 13 days from the beginning of the year, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on q1 and an increase in the availability of supplies such as company raw materials, and we judge the company ' s product stock cycle to be about 70 days left.
q1 financial costs decreased by 30.64 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the increase in current exchange rate earnings, and the sales rate fell by about 74 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because part of the sales costs were reclassified to business.
296,000 tons, up to 16.3 per cent of total corporate capacity, and US-line production is a solid step in the company's strategy for the three continents, while India's pre-project work is progressing steadily, the process of inter-firmization is accelerating and the strategy of “outside supply” is not deepened: while the country's giants are 25
This year, the 10,000-ton relocation line and the 150,000-ton smart manufacturing line in Kiryu are expected to be completed, and the public and private production lines will become more intelligent, energy-efficient and efficient, output-reversible, and the city’s future share is expected to rise further.
In the short term, there will be no change in the long-term rebound, and there will be a long-term long-term opportunity for the long-term: it is our view that, while the domestic epidemic has eased, the global demand has been suppressed, q2 overseas demand has been or has been affected, short-term supply and demand patterns in the industry continue to be stressed.
The epidemic affects global supply and demand patterns, not to say that some small businesses will be out of the game, and industry concentration continues to rise. We believe that by 2020 there will be a significant reduction in new production capacity in the industry, pending the onset of the epidemic, and that by 2020 the demand will be reduced, and that by 2020 it will remain a turning point in the industry’s new cycle, with investment in the medium- and long-term lines.
For investors, the value of the current low-valued poles is clear, while the giants are industry leaders, clustered in size, channels, brands, product structure and domestic and foreign output layouts that are more rational, more resilient to cyclical fluctuations, and the industry’s down-cycle will further consolidate the leader.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report