The company is a company listed in the gold mining market.
China’s gold company, which has a strong potential behind its resources, has injected many high-quality assets to secure the continuity of its resources since it was listed. In 2022, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates at the end of the US Federal Reserve, and the real interest rate may have risen. The supply of gold is stable.
Central bank purchases have contributed to the major in-kind demand for gold in recent years. At the end of the current Federal Reserve interest week, it is expected that real interest rates during the expected release phase will gradually revert, pushing to tons, most of which are located in the country’s priority mining areas, with further access to resources.
The advantage is to plan for a resource base for the growth of mineral gold in 2023 through an additional reserve of 27.9 tons of gold from prospecting.
Gold extraction is accompanied by efficient multi-metal recovery. We expect the company to sell 41.2.41.7 to 44.2 tons of smelting in 2023 to 2025, respectively.
A competitive commitment to use companies as the sole platform for the development of domestic gold resources, and in 2014 to divide uninjected businesses into three categories: intended infusion, hatching, and decommissioning. To date, the proposed infusion in firms has already taken place in August 2015 and in West and Mining, respectively.
In February of that year, the company was successfully injected, the Western and Minerals are prospecting companies, and the rest are expected to be injected gradually. In July 2023, the company acquired 100% of Lei State gold, the Sari gold mine was successfully injected, and the Sari gold mine held 372 tons of gold resources, estimated to be in 2025.
In June, construction was completed, resulting in 10 tons of production in the post-natal year, which gave the company a new impetus to increase its profits. The annual acquisition of copper resources from the mining plant in Mongolia increased its profit margin. At the end of 2022, the company maintained its annual production of copper from mines at 80,000 tons.
Starting mining supply up or down, the Fed at the end of interest increase, macro-factors versus copper price volatility risk; safe environmental management risk; resource change risk.
One, Chinese gold, and one, gold gold — the power of the Golden Power Growth has continued to grow.
Chinese gold is the main platform for the development of gold mining within China’s gold bloc, mainly in the extraction and smelting of non-ferrous metals such as gold and copper, and in the production of processing and related technology, with a more sophisticated industrial chain. The company’s gold series includes mineral gold, smelting gold, and copper, including mineral copper and electrolytic copper, in addition to products such as molybdenum and sulphuric acid.
Founded in 2000, the company was co-sponsored by China Gold Group's predecessor, China Gold General Corporation, and co-sponsored by six other companies. In 2003, the company was listed as the first gold company to be listed as the country's first gold company, known as “China's gold first share” and as the only mining company owned by the country's gold company.
In 2006, the company completed its equity-sharing reform to raise the value of the company as a whole, laying a solid institutional foundation for the long-term development of the company. Since the company was listed in 2004, China’s Golden Group has been in the vanguard of resolving the competition between controlling shareholders and their counterparts in listed companies.
Many high-quality assets, such as the Kubei tributary copper, the Shandong smoky titanium, the Sunite gold mine, the Liaoning gold company, and the Inner Mongolia mining company, were injected into the public sector to gradually address competition among their counterparts, while increasing the resources of listed companies and continuing international control over them were made up of the State Treasury Committee of the State Council.
China Gold Group is the only central enterprise in China’s gold industry and the head of the China Gold Association. The Group’s resources are of great potential. According to the 2022 Credit Rating Report of the China Gold Group Limited, the Group held approximately 2127 tons of gold and 1287 million tons of copper metal in 2021.
As the only platform for the integration and development of gold resources in the group’s territory, the company’s mining resources are dominated by gold and copper, while holding molten ore. By the end of 2022, the company had 33 gold ore, 4 copper ore and 1 mollum ore.
Mining companies such as Western Tebite and Sunite Gold Ribbon, Henan Central Smelting Plant, Chuenjiang County Gold Smelting and Gold Metallurgical in Nakamoto County have been growing steadily since 2019, with both business earnings and net profit from maternity rising. After the acquisition of the mining and smelting plants in Mongolia in 2020, the production of smelting, mineral copper and electrolytic copper by companies has increased and the price of gold has been added to the price of gold copper.
In 2022, the size of the company’s revenues increased, rising from 187% to 57,151 million, while the firm focused on the target of a five-per-cent reduction, with net profit on the home side rising. In 2020, the company seized the advantage of rising gold prices, developing a “double 135” project and making a solid return on the home side.
At the same time, the recovery of the domestic economy combined with a decline in the renminbi’s exchange rate and a shock in domestic copper prices. At 1h2023, mine sales fell by 8.65 tons, by 9.82%, and by 20.15 tons, by 15.92%; and at corporate mines.
The production of gold from 1h2023 mines declined slightly, while the production of smelting gold and copper products increased in proportion to the same time, and the price of smelting gold was rising, and the company gained more services from cleaning codes, and the company's performance was driven by gold and copper. In 2022, the production of gold from the company's mines remained stable, while the price of the smelting gold increased and increased.
Since the company completed its acquisition of mining in Inner Mongolia in 2020, the volume of copper products sold has increased significantly, with a significant increase in the size of the copper business, which has increased at a very high price, 2022.
The annual revenue from copper operations was $27,353 million, or 47.86 per cent. Copper from mines was the business with a high Māori rate in the company’s main business, which accounted for 38.98 per cent.
From 2016 to date, there has been a significant downward trend in corporate asset-liability ratios, from 60.58 per cent in 2016 to 42.71 per cent of 1h2023, which is the basis for companies to control their financial costs by optimizing their capital structure compared with industry. Companies achieve significant efficiency gains and continue to reduce their cost rates over time. Companies use cost control as a long-term task, with continuous optimization.
“Five-to-five” efficiency gains were realized in 2022, with $154 million realized, through enhanced management of production organizations, advancement of technological progress, increased storage of prospecting, promotion of high-quality asset injections and withdrawal of bad assets.
Figure 7: Continuous optimization of the corporate capital structure
The commodity + financial attributes determine the variety of gold stocks. Gold is a gold extraction that uses a long-standing precious metal and has two important attributes, namely, commodities and finance.
As the economy evolves, the financial attributes of gold have a far greater impact on prices and demand than the commodity properties. Because of the stable chemical properties of gold, once extracted, they remain in some form. As of the end of 2022,
The highest proportion of gold in the form of gold on the ground was at the end of 2022, about 955,000 tons, or 46 per cent. Next to gold, private investment, including gold bars and gold coins and gold etfs, together accounted for 22 per cent, with gold bars and gold coins containing about 430,000 tons, or 20 per cent, and gold in kind supported by gold, about 0.35 million.
In addition, central banks hold about 17 per cent of the total amount of gold, totalling about 357,000 tons. The rest of the stock of gold is used for various industrial purposes or held by other financial institutions, accounting for about 15 per cent of the total. 2.2 Supply distribution is evenly stable, and the share of investment demand has increased significantly.
The supply of gold consists mainly of mineral gold, the producer ' s net hedge and the recovery of gold, which is the main source of gold, accounting for about 76% of the total supply of gold. World Gold Association data show that the global supply of gold is stable, remaining around 4,800 tons in 2016-2022. Global gold production is on the rise each year, according to the World Gold Association.
According to statistics, the volume of gold and minerals increased from 2270 tons in 1992 to 36,649 tons in 2022, accounting for the annual supply of gold, which shows a trend towards evener distribution among regions in terms of the geographical distribution of the supply of minerals.
In the early 1990s, the global supply of gold was mainly in Africa and North America; it was followed by a rapid rise in the volume of gold in Asia, and an increase in gold production in South America. Today, global supply of gold is widely distributed evenly, ensuring a more stable primary supply of gold and reducing the risks associated with supply shocks.
Figure 12: Global gold supply is evenly distributed, and global gold demand is stable before the epidemic, at around 4,300 tons a year. Global gold demand fell by 15.51 to 3679.3 tons in 2020, as a result of the impact of the new global coronary pneumonia epidemic, which caused a sharp fall in gold demand for gold.
During the post-epidemiological period, in addition to the recovery of the demand for gold, the value-added function of gold as an investment became increasingly important, and central banks began to increase their purchasing power, pushing for a rapid increase in the demand for gold, which rose to 4706.3 tons in 2022.
The demand structure for gold has changed significantly since 2000, with the proportion of gold used for the construction of ornaments and technology falling rapidly, and the impact of commodity attributes on total gold demand has diminished. In contrast, gold accounts for 46.86 per cent of total gold demand as a ton of investment, such as gold bars and gold coins.
Europe contributes to the major increases in gold and gold demand. Europe is currently one of the largest regional gold investment markets in the world. European investment gold and gold demand have experienced two surges since the beginning of the 2008 global financial crisis, followed by sovereign debt crises that engulf Europe, where investors can use gold assets to protect their wealth.
The central bank became a net purchaser of gold. By the early 1990’s, the global central bank was in gold-based and mined by 2010.
The outbreak of the global financial crisis, however, served as a catalyst for the central bank’s shift in its mindset towards gold reserves, beginning in 2010 as a net purchaser of gold, with 6815 tons of gold being purchased between 2010 and 2022. In the aftermath of the epidemic, the central bank’s purchasing pace accelerated further, with the global central bank buying in 2022 alone.
To 1078.5 tons. By the end of 2022, the world ' s official gold reserves had reached 35.7 million tons, accounting for 2.3 US Federal Reserve interest rate at the end of the interest-raising cycle, or lower interest rate, and according to our January 2023 report, Gold Bull will be activated and silver will be followed by the start-up of the US Federal Reserve interest-added cycle.
The global inflation continues to be high, and the US-debt yield curve is gradually shifting from a positive to a negative structure. The reversal of the wheel began in July 2022, and if based on the inverse duration of the previous rounds, it would have been the longest or would have continued until the third quarter of 2023. Short-end pce inflation data in the United States have risen significantly since 2020, against the backdrop of the continued rise in prices of major raw materials around the world.
Medium- and long-end inflation is expected to rise accordingly. Since 2023, inflation data for the major global economies have fallen significantly, with the United States cpi in August 2023 rising from 3.7 per cent to 3.6 per cent, the United States core cpi in August 2023, 4.3 per cent to 4.3 per cent, and the July pce in July from 3.3 per cent and the core pce in 4.2 per cent, all meeting market expectations.
Figure 18: United States pce and core pce (in %) Observation of inflation expectations as reflected in the rate of return on United States inflation-protected bonds over the past year shows that the overall structure of the inflation-expected duration structure is now inverted, and the inflation-expected operating hub is generally maintaining a downward trend.
Figure 19: United States inflation expected duration structure (in %) Figure 20: United States pce inflation forecast (in %) United States cpi year-on-year forecast in August, but mainly due to higher crude oil prices, excluding core cpi from crude oil and food prices
The Fed’s September fomc meeting was suspended on schedule to maintain the federal fund’s target interest rate of 5.25-5.5%, while Federal Reserve Chairman Powell addressed a press conference to the Eagle, and the September summary of the economic forecast increased economic growth projections and lowered interest-rate reduction space in 2024, leading to a high expected increase in interest rates in the market for the end-point and an extension of the duration in September.
Looking at the end of the US Federal Reserve’s current round of austerity, the market expects a 25bp interest increase in July to be the last increase in the current cycle and a nominal interest rate reduction in 2024. Recalculation of historical gold prices and real interest rates reveals a significant negative correlation.
The dollar credit system is highly relevant, and if the gold is more like a negative bond, taking into account the interest rate of the gold lease, and if the real interest rate of the United States debt for different periods of time falls in the middle of the trend, some investors find that the opportunity cost of holding gold is lower, choosing to hold gold leads to an increase in gold prices.
The release phase may lead to a gradual reversal of the nominal interest-rate curve of the United States debt, which in turn would lead to a further expansion of the real interest-rate spreads and an overall downward shift in the interest-rate centre of different periods, which would facilitate further increases in gold prices.
According to our April 2023 report, " The highest relative yield of the pre-real interest reduction gold stock " , the Fed ' s real interest reduction was the most visible period of time for the relative return on the assets of the gold interest, the gold and gold stock are now more time-consuming, and the Fed ' s estimated rate of interest reduction is the most visible stage of the increase in the gold and gold stock, which can be laid ahead of time.
(1) The maximum time period during which gold stocks are allocated is the period between the stoppage of interest increases and the start of the start of the start of the start of the start of interest increases. The best time period for gold stocks is the beginning of the start of the start of the start of the start of the start of the first or second reduction of interest of the Fed, in which the relative return on gold stocks is more pronounced.
(2) The second or third interest rate reduction to the expected marginal liquidity tightening period is the second best time for the allocation of gold stocks. The second or third interest reduction point of the Fed’s interest-reduction cycle begins until the expected tightening of the Fed’s liquidity margin, during which the relative increase in gold prices will be greater than in the previous period.
But relative returns are significantly lower than in the previous period, and are more difficult to capture than they are and require considerable inter-segment fluctuations. Moreover, the demand for stock selection has increased significantly during this period, and if the basics of the choice are generally not, there may be no relative returns, and significant excess gains can be achieved only if the output increases significantly faster than expected in the coming years.
(3) Mobility relaxes when it is easier to handle, and when it tightens, multiple data are required to verify. During the last two rounds of optimal configuration, the Federal Reserve released liquidity at a time when it had a high correlation with major global risk events, and there were related signals before the actual easing.
The shift in monetary policy instruments is related, and the time point for tightening liquidity can only be judged later. (4) The amount and price of liquidity are equally important, and the combination of interest-reduction plus scale monetary policy is more friendly for gold prices and gold stocks. (5) The gold equity trade has entered the time point on the right, and the relative gains before the cut are the easiest to capture.
In November, after the Federal Reserve reduced interest rates, gold prices and gold stocks have entered the opportunity to trade on the right side. For the Federal Reserve, whether and when interest rates will fall during the year, it is more likely to be the end of the period when the gold stock will be the easiest to reap.
The benefits are more difficult to obtain, and there is a need to find growth indicators that have previously been underestimated in the market.
The country ' s gold reserves are 317.46 tons, with the top 10 provinces: Shandong, Gansu, Yunnan, Jiangxi, Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, Henan, Heilongjiang, Tibet and Guizhou, where the gold reserves in Shandong are far greater than in the other provinces, amounting to 967.93 tons, representing 31 per cent of the national gold reserves.
According to the Chinese Gold Yearbook 2022, in 2021 the country produced 258.09 tons of mineral gold, of which Shandong, Henan, Nemonggu, Gansu, Yunnan and Xinjiang were the major provinces of gold production, totalling 95.47 tons of mineral gold, accounting for 37 per cent of national production.
Since its inception, the company has increased its reserves of tons through the injection of high-quality assets from the Chinese Gold Group, the M&A of market gold resources and continuous prospecting, of which 24 are producing mines, with gold reserves of 93.12 tons.The company ' s gold resources are widely distributed, mainly in the provinces of Henan, Shaanxi and Inner Mongolia.
With the advantages of the geographical location of the existing mines, the company continues to focus on the country's priority mines, guided by its resource lifeline strategy.
In 2022, a cumulative investment of $220 million in corporate geological prospecting was made, resulting in the release of 27.9 tons of additional gold reserves from prospecting, laying the resource base for the growth of mineral gold.
Figure 25: The company's gold resources are mainly distributed in Henan, Shaanxi, etc. Figure 26: The company increases its gold resources (in tons) through increased deposits of prospecting.
After outsourcing or carrying out its own mining and excavation work, after mining itself and after smelting gold through smelting enterprises, the company ' s mineral gold production declined slightly between 2022 and the first half of 2023 as security incidents in some areas affected the policy shutdown of mining enterprises, but it remained a leader in the industry. In 2022, the company produced 19.93 tons of mineral gold, and the mine ' s production was in place.
The country ' s gold listing companies are ranked third, after the purple gold mining and Shandong gold. The 1h2023 company produces 9.16 tons of mineral gold.
The company has a complete layout of gold mining, smelting, selling, and four gold smelting plants, such as the Central Harbour Mill, the Liaoning Sindu Gold, the Golden Smelting Company and the Golden Smelting Company of the Central Gynaecology County.
The standard gold products are sold directly through the Shanghai Gold Exchange. In addition, the smelter also procures raw materials through the market, processes the production of gold, digests surplus production, and improves the efficiency of the enterprise. The majority of the alloys produced by the remaining three smelters are transferred to the Chinese smelters.
The Chinese smelter is one of the 10 companies designated by the Shanghai Gold Exchange to provide the standard gold, and the first gold industry in the country to pass through the IS014001 certification unit. The Chinese smelter was originally a company-owned subsidiary with 39.02% of the shares. In 2020, the company acquired 60.98% of the ownership of the Chinese smelter by issuing shares to purchase the country’s new assets.
The primary smelter becomes a fully-owned subsidiary of the company. The primary process is: oxygen-rich smelting pond smelting -- spinal blowing -- reversion of the anode smelting -- permanent stainless steel cathode electrolysis -- smelting.
The process not only absorbs the benefits of aerobic sub-blowing techniques that are well adapted and highly automated, but also integrates the domestic and international metallurgical industry. Innovations to achieve an efficient, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly gold-based, multi-metal mine are a major technological shift in the gold smelter industry.
According to the report on the distribution of shares and the payment of cash for the purchase of assets and the collection of matching funds and associated transactions (January 2020), the Sino-King smelter project was leading Asia in designing the processing capacity of gold smelting, producing 8.45 tons of smelting gold in the first half of 2019, and 8.24 tons of alloys out of alloys.
33.82 tons of gold soybean, 1# 360 tons of silver ingots, 349.3 million tons of high-pure cathode copper, 1.29 million tons of sulphuric acid; significant reductions in project size, unit treatment costs, and unit energy consumption will be achieved. Figure 29: China Harbour Mills use the “Oxygen Bottom Blowing Gold Process”
Figure 30: Production of gold from Chinese smelters, Liaoning tons, industrial sulphuric acids (8.57 million tons), gold concentrates (25.76 kg) and red slags (10.35 million tons), according to the China Gold Group Limited ' s Third Mid-Term Bill (Creation Letter) 2023.
According to the company ' s annual report, the Liaoning New Territories relocation project was completed and put into production on schedule, producing 4.152 tons of smelting, 1,025 tons of electrolyte, 11,342 tons of smelting and 591 kg of smelting in 2022. The company acquired electrolytic copper products by adding copper to the smelting business.
The production of copper products is also mainly carried out in China and China smelters, and copper smelters are also present in the Golden Smelting Company in the Quantium.The production of the company ' s smelting products has increased significantly, with 20.5 tons of smelting, an increase of 16.35 per cent in the same year, 21.27 per cent in the production of electrolytic copper, and a long-term increase in the demand for copper, with a two-wheel drive of the company ' s copper resources.
4.1 The growth rate of copper supply has slowed and demand has grown in the long term. Global spending on copper mine capital followed a significant rise in copper prices during the 2010-2011 high copper prices. However, while copper prices rose to a certain degree in 2016-2019, lower increases did not stimulate some of the higher-cost mine inflows
Investments. And copper capital spending has not followed the cycle of copper price increases that began in the current round in 2020, mainly because of the impact of the global new crown pneumonia epidemic, the delay in the construction of copper mines, and the continued low growth in capital spending. These two reasons have led to no significant increase in global copper capital spending in recent years, which has slowed the rate of expansion.
On the demand side, in 2022, the total consumption of copper in Shanghai was 136.5 million tons. Of this amount, electricity was the largest downstream consumption of copper, with electricity consumption accounting for 45 per cent of copper consumption, followed by electricity/transport/construction/mechanical electronic consumption of 15/12 per cent (9 per cent) of copper, respectively.
Figure 37: Electricity accounts for 45 per cent of the country ' s copper downstream consumption, smm data show that the electricity sector consumed 6.16 million tons of copper in 2022, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the same period. In 2022, our investment in grid workers increased by 1.23 per cent over the same period, and in power projects by 23 per cent over the same period.
During the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan, the country’s grid has invested approximately $2.23 trillion to boost the grid’s transformation and upgrading, while the Southern grid plan has invested $670 billion, which is 13% higher than during the 13th Five-Year Plan, and has reached a peak in grid construction. But, given that current grid investment is dominated by ultra-high voltage, marginal copper consumption will be lower than the increase in grid investment.
The new energy vehicle consumes more copper than conventional cars, has a large use of electrical resistance and copper rings, connectors, lithium copper and wire beams 22kg/vehicles, nearly three times higher. The Reference National Golden Batteries project a global sale of 2.354 million new energy vehicles in 2025, and a consumption of 1.95 million tons of copper, an increase of 132 per cent compared to 2022.
The construction demand for copper is mainly reflected in electrical cables, telecommunications cables, water supply systems, etc. In addition, the long-term construction chain will drive the copper demand for decorating and domestic electricity downstream. The installation of the central air conditioner will be an important sign of the completion of the real estate work. In addition, large household electricity sales, such as refrigerators, household air conditioners, washing machines, etc., will increase with the completion of the house, resulting in household electricity sales and real estate.
With the completion of the project being associated, the increase in the area of real estate will boost the consumption of domestic electricity and copper. The current trend in the construction of real estate and the completion of the work is reheating, with the construction industry chain supporting the demand for copper. 4.2. Acquisition of mining in Mongolia and two-wheel-drive gold copper.
On the basis of gold mining and gold smelting operations, the company acquired primary smelters and inland mining in 2020, the main business is a two-wheel drive of practical cash and copper mines, the molybdenum business has been made from scratch, the resources have become more abundant, the aid company has performed more effectively in tons, 53.12 million tons, and the smelt resources have a total of 4,696 tons, and the reserves have amounted to 6.07 million tons.
The mineral wealth, which is 1.998 million tons of copper and 399.3 million tons of copper reserves, contributes to the company’s main copper resource, consolidates the company’s operational strength in the copper plate, while holding the company’s sole molybdenum mine, helping the company to make the moly plate disappear. Inner Mongolia’s mining industry is mainly engaged in the smelting and non-ferrous trade of copper and moly metal, the core of which is New Balgu’s right-hand asset.
In 2016, there was a change in the size of mining rights held by the Mongolian mining industry, from 9 million tonnes/year to 24.75 million tonnes/year.
In 2020, after the sale of shares by listed companies to gold groups and the payment of cash to purchase 90% of the share of the mining in Mongolia, the mining in Inner Mongolia was included in the company ' s consolidated statement. In 2019, the gold group made a commitment to listed companies, amounting to hundreds of millions of yuan. In 2020/2011, the net profit on mining rights in Mongolia was 741.1165 million yuan, which significantly exceeded its share.
In 2022, Mongolia ' s net profit on mining was 1,476 million yuan, based on 90 per cent equity, accounting for 1,328 million yuan, or 63 per cent of the company ' s net profits throughout the year, and the company ' s performance increased. Inner Mongolia ' s main mining products include copper powder, molybdenum powder, which, according to the company ' s 2022 annual report, was born in 2022.
The amount of copper metal produced is 6.2 million tons, and the amount of molybdenum metal produced is 6,156 tons. Since the acquisition of mining in Mongolia, the company ' s copper block production has increased significantly in size, increasing the company ' s profit margin. Copper from mines, as a major copper product of the company, received close to $4,168 million in 2022, an increase of 15.83 per cent, while the Māori rate is as high as 57.07 per cent.
Significant increases in corporate profitability. In 2020, the company benefited from mining in Inner Mongolia, where copper production was higher than in 2019.
In order to protect the best interests of the company and small and medium-sized shareholders, the China Gold Group has committed itself to gradually resolving the issue of associated transactions and competition with listed companies. In 2011, the Group issued a " Commitment to Further Addressing Matters Related to the Competition of China ' s Gold Partners " , using listed companies as gold resources in the Group ' s territory.
In 2014, China’s Gold Group will divide uninjected businesses into three categories, namely, to inject them, to hatch them, and to withdraw from them, depending on the resources, profitability, degree of licensing, and so on.
China’s Gold Group has pledged to inject six gold companies, such as Inner Mongolia’s gold companies, which have better resource prospects, greater profitability, and relatively documented rights, into the public sector. Ling Yan has successfully injected into the public sector in August 2015; and in September 2022, the listed company signed an equity transfer agreement with China’s Gold Group to buy gold collections.
The group held 90 per cent of the Western and Minerals holdings, and in February 2023 it completed the transfer of shares, making Western and Mining companies fully owned by listed companies (10 per cent of the original stockholdings).
The National Gold Group incubates the gold when it starts to inject it within 12 months of meeting the following conditions and standard of title: (a) the net assets of the producing enterprise are at a rate no lower than the average annual rate of return for the listed company; or (b) the unincorporated enterprises are financially in-house for the month in which the company has successfully collected 100 per cent of the stockholding in Länder and the group's claims against Länder, including Länder gold in the consolidated report.
The scope of the table. If the remaining high-quality assets are successfully injected into listed companies, the company ' s gold resource volume and mine production will increase significantly, adding (1) to the sum of the sarling gold mine, the Chinese gold group holds a 100 per cent stake in Leizhou ' s Central Gold Mining Company Ltd., and Lézhou ' s share in 44 per cent of Leizhou ' s remittance.
According to the China Gold Group Limited ' s third interim bill collection note for 2023, the Saaring gold mining project was designed to produce 12,000 tons per day of production, and the project was completed in June of that year.
According to the report on the assessment of the mining rights of the Saaring gold mining company, Lei County Mining Company Ltd., the Saaring gold mining industry holds tons of ores, accompanied by 42,201 tons of sulphur, in addition to 63 tons of gold metal in the low grade mineral body.In June 2023, the company convened the first interim shareholders ' conference in 2023 to buy gold conglomerates by agreement.
In some cases, 100% of the stockholdings in Länder and the gold group's claims to Länder amount to $4,860 million. In July 2023, Länder ' s shareholding in Länder was completed, the company signed a concerted action agreement with Lei State ' s co-mining industry, the indirect holding of Lé State ' s gold transfer was completed, the sarling gold mine was injected into the public company, and the acquisition of the unit led to a significant increase in the amount of gold and metals held by the company.
Increasing corporate resources and increasing the company ' s continued profitability. (2) Acquisition of intra-Mongolian gold and pottery shares. China Gold Group holds 49.34 per cent of In-Mongolia gold and gold mines and II of the gold mills in In-Mongolia gold and pottery.
According to the Report on the Verification of the Construction of the Green Mine of the Treasure Mine at the Gold Factory of Inner Mongolia Gold and Tau Co. Ltd., about 1.8 tons of gold were produced in 2018, and according to the Project on the Construction of the Green Mine in 2022 and the 2023 Construction of the Second Treasures of Inner Mongolia Gold Co. Ltd.
The amount of ore reserves in the two trenches is 132.65 million tons and 10.93 tons of gold and metal, with a design capacity of 16.25 million tons/year and an actual capacity of 969 million tons/year. According to the " Green and Colored Mines in 2022 and the 2023 Construction Plan for the Treasures in 2023 " , the amount of ore reserves in the gold mills is 4.8809 million tons,
The gold metal volume, 61.39 tons, both designed and produced, is 285,000 tonnes/year. 1q2023 listed companies acquired 39% of Inner Mongolia's gold pottery from the Monsignor's Financial Bureau, while in 1h2023 Mongolia's gold pottery generated 250 million yuan in net profit, with a net profit of 39 million yuan. Inner Mongolia's gold pottery is intended for the group and is to be injected into the enterprise, pending completion of the injection.
This will be followed by further refinement of the company’s gold resource layout in the interior of Mongolia, and the continued development of the gold industry. (3) The Guizhou gold mining industry, which is intended to hatch the Chinese gold group, which holds the main asset of the Guizhou gold mining industry, is the gold mine.
China Gold Group Limited ' s first interim bill collection statement for 2023, which, by the end of 2021, had 15,171,600 tons of gold ore, 55.18 tons of gold metal, 13,870 tons of capacity per year, and about 4 tons of annual gold.
The Department has increased its reserves of resources, increased the sustained profitability of companies, and strengthened the foundations for high-quality business development. 5.2 Holding shareholders consolidate their resources and build collaborative platforms. In addition to providing high-quality asset injections, the China Gold Group has also formed Chinese gold resources, Chinese gold geology, and Chinese gold geological resources through the consolidation of internal resources.
The Chinese gold construction, Chinese gold jewellery, Chinese gold trading, etc., play an important role in incubating the resources of listed companies, surveying, engineering design, product marketing and procurement, providing support for the company's resource use, prospecting, project construction, cost reduction, etc., and further widening the company's profit margin.
The price of gold is assumed to be an average gold price of $392/g in 2022. The global central bank’s purchasing heat is continuing and the Fed’s interest increase cycle is nearing the end, and it is expected that real interest rates during the expected release phase will gradually revert and drive the price up. The expected gold price is 2023-2025. Copper prices are assumed: the average tax on electrolytic copper in 2022 is $675,000/ton. Global copper supply in 2023 is marginal, though.
However, the crude end-product capacity is relatively limited compared to the rate of increase at the end of the mine, so that the margin of excess mining will not pass smoothly to the supply and demand balance of copper, and the annual supply of minerals will increase or fall again. Meanwhile, the Fed’s interest-raising cycle is nearing its end, with interest reductions expected to begin in early 2024, and the price of copper will be reduced.
The annual smelting cost is RMB 275/278/280/g for copper products: corporate copper products are divided into mineral copper and electrolytic copper, mining copper is corporate copper, and electrolytic copper is mining.
Mountain copper and the export of copper refined copper, the cost of which is expected to remain at 23,000 yuan/ton in 2023-2025 and 5.75/581/581,000 yuan/ton in electrolytic copper, respectively. Smelting sales: corporate smelting gold sales are stable and its own contribution is expected to rise as mining progresses.
Tons, or 20.5/21.0/23.5 tons of mine gold, respectively, were sold in copper products: corporate copper production was stable, and copper sales in mines were expected to remain at 80,000 tons in 2023-2025, and electrolytic copper sales at 400,000 tons.
We select other companies in the gold sector, such as Shandong gold, Silver-Thai gold, Akaka gold, and Hunan gold, as comparable companies. The value of comparable companies is 31 times greater in 2023, taking into account their historical valuations in the industry and giving companies the risk of fluctuations in gold and copper prices in 2023. The company’s main business is gold and copper, and the factors influencing the price of products include global supply and demand.
The combination of macro-political and economic factors, such as large fluctuations in gold and copper prices, has an impact on the size of public revenues and profits. Safety and environmental management risks.
There is still some uncertainty about internal and external conditions in the production process, which poses a risk to the company’s safe and environmentally sound production. If, for internal and external reasons, the company’s primary production of mines is halted, it will have a negative impact on the company’s performance.
There is a risk of a change in the stock of corporate holdings due to uncertainties, such as uneven distribution, grade changes, and an analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market within one month and three months of the second month of the week.