Eastern Wealth (300059) studies continue to generate high revenues from self-employment
In 2023, Eastern wealth was released. Gross operating income was $11.1 billion, or 11.2 per cent, in 2023.
Vivianxu • The size of the new distribution fund has continued to decline, the equity class ratio has declined, the size of the company’s sales and the same income ratio have declined, the rates of brokerage and mixed business markets have continued to rise and self-employment revenues have continued to rise.
In 2023, the sum of $4.97 billion in fees and commissions for Eastern Treasury securities was equal to -8.3 per cent. In 2023, the amount of the company's equity base was 19.27 trillion yuan, roughly equal to the same amount, and the city's share rose slightly to 4.14 per cent. On the other hand, in 2023, the net income from interest on Eastern Treasury securities was 2.23 billion yuan, equal to -8.7 per cent; and in 2023, 46.3 billion yuan was amortized.
The annual net return on investment (including fair value) is $2.2 billion, doubles the year-on-year; it benefits mainly from a significant increase in the return on securities-owned fixed-income operations. The four-quarter net return on investment (including fair value) is $620 million, with a sustained increase in management and R & D costs for the same period; and the re-equity incentive scheme highlights corporate development confidence.
We continue to look at Eastern wealth as a source of confidence in the achievement of our business goals. (a) We have a front-line platform, such as the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network, and (c) we have a strong sticky customer and diversified demand.) Fund sales have a pre-emptive advantage, with tailings earning a share.
Higher levels help to improve performance stability. 3) Securities operations are expanding rapidly, and the city’s share continues to rise, based on its own flow advantages and low commission strategies. 4) Benefiting from rapid growth in wealth management, the blueprints for large wealth management are becoming clearer. 5) Sustained additions to research and development investment have a solid technological base.