The main source of profit growth is the company’s continued strengthening of cost control and the optimization of resource security and sales.
The company’s main operations include exploration and exploitation of resources such as bauxite, coal, production of aluminium oxide, aluminium, aluminium alloys and carbon products, marketing, technology development and development, international trade, logistics industry, fire power and new energy generation.
Aluminium, fine aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium, high-purity aluminium and metallic americium all ranked first in the world in total equity/flow (billion shares). In the first three quarters of 2025, the company ' s metallurgical phase produced 13.4 million tons of aluminium oxide and 3.27 million of aluminium fine oxide.
In 12 months, the maximum/minimum price is 4.91 million tons of home-grown metallurgical aluminium oxide sold out.
At the same time, the firm has a strong competitive edge in its entire industry chain, with a substantial decline in the Māori rate but a general improvement in its main operating indicators.
Aluminium is the most abundant metal element in the crust.
The Chinese aluminium industry reported a semi-annual review in 2018 - second only to steel, in the form of bauxite mines, Guinea has the world's largest bauxite deposits, < < watch the dividends of corporate reform and competition for industry. ]
About 7.4 billion tons, or 25.52% of the world's total. Since this year, the domestic supply of bauxite has remained stable, and the pattern of competition has improved – in China's aluminium industry, in 2017, the supply of bauxite from overseas has increased considerably over the same period, adding to the global price of aluminium oxide.
The company is active in acquiring bauxite resources, increasing its domestic mining rights, and actively participating in bauxite mining.
Competition for mineral rights in resource provinces to gain additional domestic resources; active acceleration of the construction of secondary offshore mining bases, deepening of cooperation with mainstream mining companies abroad, further expansion of diversified overseas mining, limited supply of electrolytic aluminium, increased demand and high prices. Global electrolytic aluminium, 2024
At the end of demand, electrolytic aluminium has been widely used in the construction, transport, electricity and new energy sectors, and in recent years the traditional market has been depressed.
The rapid development of new-energy vehicles and new-energy electricity has contributed significantly to the demand for electrolytic aluminium, which has balanced the supply of and demand for electrolytic aluminium. The costs of electrolytic aluminum mainly include alumina oxide, pre-boiling anode, electricity, manufacturing, etc., which operates at a high price without significant change in cost.
According to the company ' s business plan, the company is expected to produce 7.8 million tons of electrolytic aluminium globally in 2025, with investment advice: the company has an entire industry chain of aluminium products, from resources to electrolytic aluminium, to refined, etc., with no significant increase in global electrolytic aluminum production, and the price of electrolytic aluminium is expected to run high.
billion yuan and 17,72 billion yuan, corresponding to 12 times the pe, 11 times the pe, and 10 times the pe, respectively, and covering development change for the first time with a certain impact on needs; (2) the global mix of aluminum resources and the uncertainty of geo-conflicts have a greater impact: (3) the macroeconomic situation and other risks.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.