Government, industry, personal services, optimized credit structure Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance of assessment) Bank / Large State-owned bank ii
In recent years, the Bank of Commerce and Industry has built on its client advantage, focusing on government, industry, and personal services (gbc) and insisting on more foundation-based, long-term jobs, while focusing on the economics of the service entities and maintaining a robust business base.
By creating a “gbc+” customer ecology to achieve a value cycle, it is expected that the basic customer advantage of a business bank will continue to be consolidated, and in the short term business and banking are sound, with dividends at the top of the list. We maintain the profit forecast, with net profit returns expected for 2023-2025.
Clients are the backbone of all business development and innovation in banks, and business and industry banks, as the conglomerates of customer eco-building, propose from a global perspective gbc (government, business, individuals) strategies to create a new ecology of financial services and to build a solid customer base. The “gbc+” foundation work consists of gbc connections, financial transfers, increased competitiveness of networks, rural-urban linkages for rural revitalization, network redevelopment, business exchanges, mobile banking.
App-builds eight jobs. Of these, gbc is linked to the core, focusing on education, three farmers, and science and innovation, focusing on capital flows and information flows. Companies, institutions, and three lines of operations are closely linked to build the gbc full-chain marketing service system “A little Access, Group-wide Response, Process-wide Services”, deep-cultivating priority gbc three-end resources, improving client ecology and closing funds.
“gbc+” can be transmitted to c (individuals) either by g (government)/b (enterprise) or to g (government)/b (enterprises). On the one hand, from g/b to c, the bottom logic is that g/b clients provide batch c in a way that helps banks to quickly access customers at a relatively low cost, raise the size of their clients and improve their personal customer structure. On the other hand, the opposite side, from c to g/b.
Anti-breathing is also beginning to appear, with individual initiations to promote integrated financial services from business banks to g/b clients. Figure 1: Gbc Creates the financial eco-systemization of industrial banks.
Links, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, financial and technological capabilities, functional information and service facilitation in key areas of government services.
In recent years, business banks have been carrying out a series of basic projects with “gbc+” at their core. In recent years, the Jiangxi branch has been working hard on basic projects with “gbc+” at its core.
In 2022, the branch expanded to 686,000 public-account households, first in line. The head client side of the list was the first in the entire market in terms of provincial social protection, the general account for annual occupational pensions, the fiscal provincial transfer account, and China's rare earth-based bank account.
For major projects such as this account, the average increase in the number of clients of institutions and companies with financial assets above $10,000 per day is shown in figure 3: gbc, for example, where the University of Jiangxi Agriculture is the leading university in Jiangxi Province, with two campuses, 1,859 teaching staff, and over 25,000 students.
Basic accounts are opened at the Bank of Commerce and Industry branch in Jiangxi and the branch in Jiangxi has a web site in the main campus of the school.
Solutions: For tuition fees and school life for teaching staff and students in two campuses, I can provide “smart campus” solutions for higher education and related education system clients; efficient and secure account services for school finance from office and construction funds; account supervision services for relevant scientific research funds; “smart union” “smart party building” for school unions, party construction, etc.
(b) Science and technology system services; the creation of financial units for financial allocations; and individualized development for the needs of individualized schools. The balance of deposits in the first half of the year was $417 million, with 28.9 million proxy settlements and a settlement of 903 million yuan.
Solutions: comprehensive services such as assets, liabilities, intermediate operations, etc. can be provided to clients according to their specific needs, and a package of financial services and combination services can be built around universities.
(c) Solutions: provision of payroll and value-added services, reimbursement, credit cards, social security cards, etc., for teaching staff, university students and parents, school executives and staff, alumni, etc., as well as exclusive campus card services for teaching staff and university students, payment bill services for school life, consumption, etc.
In particular, it has played a role as the main hub of the campus service, carrying out special activities, and strengthening cooperation with its clients. With a positive impetus, the business bank ' s gbc focus has worked, with the full range of clients expanding and pushing ahead.
Twenty-two priority scenarios, such as human consumption, health care, etc., combined and mutually reinforcing gbc, have led to comprehensive development. In 2022, the main scenes have led to a cumulative increase of 6994 households (an increase of 195% in the same year), 473,000 households (an increase of 141% in the same year), and 100 billion people (in the same year) have received visitors, with significant results. In 2022, a historic breakthrough of 10 million households has been recorded for both public clients and accounts.
Deposits grew by $283.8 billion from the end of the previous year, while savings from new personal clients led by $178 billion from the end of the previous year; average corporate clients with financial assets above $10,000 per day and average personal clients with financial assets above $50,000 per day increased significantly, and client quality was improving. The number of corporate lenders grew by nearly 30%, and corporate-type loans grew by 1.63 trillion yuan from the end of the previous year, a record high.
In addition, the gbc strategy benefits from the strong power of financial science and technology in business banks, which, under the gbc strategy, continue to grow in value creation. Business and industry banks invest in d-igbc digital ecology, ecos technology eco-development, and provide for the ecological development of “gbc+” clients.
From “product” to “customer” to “ecological” to “ecological” value-cycles. Stabilizing the foundations: serving the manufacturing industry, promoting the new industries of war, continuously optimizing the credit structure. Business and industry banks precisely support the priority areas of social development, and credit “volume” increases and “prices” drops, giving impetus to economic development for a long time.
The Bank of Commerce and Industry, in line with the Director of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry, plays an effective leading and supporting role in serving the real economy, continuously increasing its support in the priority areas of manufacturing, strategic and emerging industries, green finance, inclusive finance, rural revitalization, and steadily advancing the “three new and high” lines of credit, with new manufacturing, new services, new foundations, industry and high-tech clients as the main components, Kyoto, Long Triangle, Grand Bay, Central and Sinoctuary
In the first quarter of this year, business banks recorded the highest increase in both the renminbi loan volume and the growth rate; in the same year it increased by 33 billion yuan, and in each month of the same quarter it continued to increase, and in manufacturing, green, strategic and emerging industries, inclusive finance, among other areas, the growth rate was significantly higher than the growth rate in the Bank’s loans.
In the manufacturing sector, high-quality development in the manufacturing sector, the business banking sector, the promotion of the project “Promotion of financial services in manufacturing” and the introduction of innovative measures such as “professional layouts, lists of expertise, professional appraisals, and specialized resources.” At the end of 2022, loans to the manufacturing sector exceeded $3 trillion, with manufacturing loans, medium- and long-term loans to the manufacturing sector, and the balance and increase in credit to the manufacturing sector ranked among the top.
By the end of March 2023, the balance of manufacturing loans from business and industry banks had increased by over $300 billion, or more than 10 per cent, from the beginning of the year. In strategic and emerging industries, business and industry banks focused on high-tech firms, such as “new-tech” firms, “new-skill” firms, special services activities such as “Operation Spring Spring” and joint initiatives with the torch centre of the Ministry of Science and Technology to implement the “10 million” initiative. In late 2022, the State focused on supporting high-tech technologies.
In the field of arts, the balance of business loans is 1.23 trillion yuan and the balance of loans from strategic and emerging industries is 1.75 trillion yuan. In the case of the business bank Jiangsu branch, the regional credit channel of Jiangsu is currently divided into six main blocks, major project construction, manufacturing development, science and technology enterprises, private inclusive finance, green low-carbon transformation and recovery of consumption.
In the last three years, the Bank's Jiangsu branch has increased manufacturing loans by more than $149.95 billion, an average annual increase of 30%, and is firmly committed to building a financial services industry model that will take full advantage of the traditional advantages of the industry and the service industry. In terms of technology enterprises, Jiangsu has focused on a focus group, launching a comprehensive financial services programme for start-up enterprises, specialized new firms, and innovative products such as the Biomedical Loans, “Intellectual Property Loans,” “e Loans,” and other proprietary products.
Over the last three years, a cumulative loan of $280 billion has increased by 24 per cent per year, contributing to the construction of a modern industry in Jiangsu.Figure 5: Case of the Manufacturing Project of the Bank of Commerce and Industry, Jiangsu Branch - Medium-Sky Steel Green Steel Manufacturing Project - Medium-Sky Steel Green Steel Project
For example, in the case of the Green Steel Project, China Sky Steel, a state-owned super-stylish steel company, has been in China for many years, China National Company, China Manufacturing Company, and 100 Chinese Manufacturing Company. The Green Steel Project is the “First Project” of a major industrial project in the province in 2020, with a total investment of 30.9 billion yuan.
In 2021, the Bank of Commerce and Industry, as the lead bank, joined with several financial institutions to form a 10-year period, a 17 billion dollar consortium, and to support businesses in green transformation of their industries. Overall, the manufacturing capacity of the Bank of Commerce and Industry and modern finance are increasingly integrated, and credit flows are firmly entrenched.
Business and industry banks actively support the construction of new and short-term projects in the field of urbanization and transport, with effective implementation of rural revitalization strategies, a comprehensive approach to green finance development opportunities, and continued and increased investment support for advanced manufacturing areas such as smart manufacturing, the digital economy, strategic emerging industries, and the upgrading of the industry.
Strongness, rhythm, and structure continue to enhance the adaptive and competitive nature of financial services. Business banks operate well, with a high rate of dividends, and business banks operate well, with a rate of nearly 7 per cent.
Growth is stable. The company achieved business income of $227.6 billion in the first quarter of 2023, a decrease of 1.1 per cent in comparable calibres over the same quarter, but the rate of revenue growth is expected to recover gradually, taking into account the subsequent decline in the base size of the same year; (2) asset size is growing faster. Total assets grew by 12.7 per cent at the end of the first quarter of 2023 to the same level as at the end of the year; and provision coverage was 214 per cent at the end of the season, up 4 percentage points from the end of the previous year, and asset quality was stable.
In the long run, we believe that the value cycle through the creation of a “gbc+” customer ecology is expected to continue to consolidate the basic customer advantage of the business banks, which in the short term are well-run and have a premium rate at the forefront. We maintain the profit projections, with the expected negative impact on the quality of the bank’s assets from a weak macroeconomic situation in 2023-2025.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial, without any third party ' s approval or influence, and the author has not done, is or will do so in the past.