• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
Half-yearly performance growth has been positive, with the combined effect, and the recovery rate has remained steady. 2023h1, the Division performed well overall in the first half of the year, mainly with the faster growth of Chc operations and the combination of Quan medicine. Of this, the Kun Pharmacy Group achieved business income of 3,771 million yuan in January-June, compared to 10.81 per cent.
Disaggregate the influence of Quan Pharmacy, with corporate operating income in the first half of the year equal to +18.50%. Looking ahead, without taking into account the impact of Quan Pharmacy M&As, companies are expected to grow in double digits in 2023, and net profit efforts are made to match the growth in revenue.
In the second quarter, the income of the company increased at a sharp rate. In a single quarter, the income of the company was $6,794 million, or +63.68 per cent; the net profit of the parent was $726 million, or +22.59 per cent; and the net return of the parent was removed, and the strategic direction of the company was anchored, bringing together growth synergies to achieve sustained healthy development of the business.
1. Huo Yun's 39-point evaluation report: chc Health Consumers: 2023h1 achieved $6,819 million in revenue, a year-on-year increase in four quarters, chc growing robustly.
+23.19%, mainly in the brand otc, professional brands, big health, etc. of the company ' s Chc business, good company formulations are integrated to the good Quan Pharmacy Group, and sales are growing faster. The company continues to tighten the platform base, expand the coverage of new channels, and make it online.
So far, the company's 999 Perfect Pharmacy Terminal Service has covered 2.
The three-quarter recovery is clear and looks forward to a sustained increase in four-quarters of mainstream power platforms such as Ali, which continue to build brand advantages in such categories as cough, pediatrics, vitamins, etc.
The 999 baby cold medicine, the 999 AWOL, are in the lead in the category of calcium and calcium nutrients, respectively. 999 ointment creams are ranked first in the 618s for hemorrhoids at the otc cat flagship, and fourth in the gastroenter and stomach.
Prescription medicine business: As the aggregate effects have diminished, hospital prescriptions have been restored, and product structures have been adjusted, the 2023h1 company prescription drug business has generated 2.780 billion yuan, or +11.31 per cent of the total. The company ' s notes in the field of cerebrovascular ailment have been published in several international academic journals recorded in Sci.
Research papers; readily available oral liver protection drugs in the digestive field, stable at the national market for oral liver protection products in the ims, second place in the field; selected Chinese-based drug collections in the anti-cancer field, which are expected to be achieved at a volume-for-price exchange; traced methadone injection fluids with hydrochloric acid (resumed) successfully passed through the national talks, and will be distributed to the public.
Accelerating the expansion of the coverage of products in hospitals; osteoporosis and haemorrhage in the osteoporosis field into the treatment guidelines for multiple diseases; selection of the national collection of sodium thallium injected in the anti-infection field; injection of sodium thiram (Saip) as the country ' s first original five-generation thiocin, product supply
The problem was resolved and the commercialization phase was formalized. Quan Pharmacy Business: on 19 January 2023, KNU completed the reconstitution of its board of directors, supervisory board, and Quan Pharmacy Group Holdings changed from Wally Medicine to China Yun.
Tables. The company continues to promote the integration of the Quan Pharmacy Group and establishes its new strategic objective of “building silver-cut economic health first share, leading the management of slow-diseases, leading the drug industry.”
In the first half of 2023, the company invested $365 million in research and development, with a focus on research projects. Progress includes: 1 small molecular target to the oncological drug qbh-196 entering the clinical trial stage;
(a) The new nc201 for H3k27m mutagenic mesothelioma has completed the domestic clinical examination application (ind) and obtained a letter of approval for the pharmaceutical clinical trial; and the 1st innovative medium drug dzqe (used to improve the symptoms of women ' s menopause) is actively promoting the integration of the testees into the group;
A clinical study of lymphosoxone for stomach cancer root patients is being carried out in the “Mitothium hydrochloride injection” (retouched) to develop new adaptive conditions. At the same time, the company obtained the Omera phosphoric acid hydrazole capsule, a pharmaceutical registration certificate, which supplements the company’s product pipeline in the field of digestion.
In addition, the company continues to pay attention to the innovative legacy of Chinese medicine and is currently studying more than 30 places in the classics. The Department, in collaboration with the country’s leading scientific and research institutions, has conducted research and declarations on several national standards for Chinese pharmaceutical formulations. To date, a cumulative 29 varieties of standards have been promulgated as national standards for formulations, and
Fifteen species criteria are at the stage of dissemination of national standards. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.