Chc Business Growth and Quan Pharmacy Merger and Purchase Drive, 2023h1 Performance Visible \triangleright \Trangleright
The performance of the Quan Pharmacy Group in the consolidated statements showed a higher increase. On a single q2, 2023q2 operating income \triangleright net non-repatriate profit of $696 million (Yoy+30.29 per cent). The increase in performance was mainly due to the comparison of Chc operations.
Rapid growth and the incorporation of the Quan Pharmacy Group into the consolidated statements as of 19 January, with the elimination of the influence of the Quan Pharmacy, the strong performance of the chc business and the faster growth of brands otc, professional brands, big health, etc.
2023H1 Chec's operating income is $6,819 million (yoy+23.19%).
Psychiatry upgrades and free-of-the-art series are growing faster; in the area of gastroenteric drugs, the research assistant Song Liang, who is fast-tracking the gastric condensation of the stomach, is pushing the city to a higher level of growth. At the same time, companies are expanding their coverage of new channels and increasing their operational efficiency.
At the bottom of the line, the 999 Perfect Pharmacy Terminal Services project covers 21 central cities across the country and serves more than 6,000 core shops. Upline, it continuously enriches the online product mix, optimizes the online brand shop matrix, 618 power-marketing events, 999 flu drugs occupy the top 1 position, 999 children have cold drugs, and 999 children have cold drugs.
999 AWOL leads in the category of childhood flu and calcium nutrients, respectively. 1. China Yun Sanix (00099.sz) performance forecast for 2022. Product structure continues to be optimized and prescriptions continue to grow steadily.
Review: Profit growth is faster than expected, taking into account the continued profitability of the Chinese drug taps, which earns $2.780 billion (Yoy+11.31%).
The product structure has been constantly adjusted, the prescription business has been steadily growing, and its central cerebrovascular ailment has been accompanied by a steady increase in the radioactive fluids, which have increased their share of the market for oral liver care, and continue to remain second in the national market for oral hepatitis products.
3. The 2022 q3 q3 flashpoint in Hua Yuu (00099.sz) was used to further expand the hospital market and increase sales.
New Quan Pharmacy business, building a platform for slow-disease management and fine drugs in the country. 2023h1 traditional medicine (Quan Pharmacy) 4. Dhuao Yu 39 (000999.sz) semi-annual report 2022.
The new strategic goal is to provide health first, to be a leader in the management of slow diseases, and to be a leader in the management of the country's medicines.
5. Hua-Yun San-Yun (000999.sz) event review: signing of a new battle with the strong monolithic core of succulent particles, fratricidal stomach particles, etc., continued development of pulmonary plating pills, cough control pills, Jin-Yu cooperation agreement, big healthy tap cut-in into the nursing products market - 20
Products with high growth potential, such as disinfections, will grow well in the future. Investment advice: companies have a stronger branding and integration capability, the foundation of the “999” brand
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.