Chc's income is rising at a sharp rate, and the Quan drug mix is expected to win together.
By comparison with +56.48 per cent, the net return to the mother is 1,877 million yuan (+30.99 per cent for the same year), the operating income of the fee-deficient business is 6,819 million yuan (+23.19 per cent for the same year), and the operating income of the prescription drug business is 18.5 per cent for the same year. On 1 September, the company will invest in the medium-term performance statement.
Chc’s growth rate is bright, and it is expected to lead to a double-digit increase in revenue throughout the year. According to the corporate exchange announcement, in the first half of the year, the company’s supply of chc’s healthy consumer goods grew at a sharp rate, based on the structure of the pharmaceutical business.
Eye, 51.87 per cent, prescription drug operations robustly increased, with 21.15 per cent, Kun interest rate 52.22 per cent, a 2.7 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to changes in business structure (lower level of Māori in the Quan Pharmacy Group industry) and the company ' s pre-existing stock Māori rate, which remained stable.
In the first half of the year, the company's overall cost rate was relatively well controlled, sales rates fell slightly compared to the previous year, and management rates remained almost the same. According to the company, in the first half of the year, the company brands otc, and specialized products.
Cards and big health are growing faster, with major products such as the 999 series of cold products, the 39 series of stomach drugs growing higher and the market share rising further. Looking ahead, the company anticipates a double-digit increase in revenue this year without considering the performance gains of the Quan merger and purchase.
In the second half of the year, the company’s cold medicine, or sustained growth, actively responded to the formulation of granules. According to the exchange announcement, the company’s flu class grew better in the first half of the year, considering the fall-win respiratory disease.
In the second half of the year, the flu class is expected to grow steadily. In recent years, the formulation of particulates has been more influenced by the new country’s performance, and the company’s profit ratio has been low. In response to the collection, the company has been active.
The 100-day integration of Quantino medicine has been successfully completed, and the future is expected to show synergy. According to the corporate communications bulletin,
This year, the company focused on the integration of the Quinto Pharmacy Group. In the first half of the year, the company successfully completed its 100-day integration plan, which established “the leadership of the management of slow-diseases by building the first share of the silver-haired economy”.
Over the next three years, the two sides will pool their resources and continue to build on the interface between the Kuen Pharmacy Group and the Chinese 39 Operations and Management System.
Millions of yuan (year-to-10.81 per cent), mainly due to the optimization of the medical circulation business structure and the decline in external cindaseuritiesco.ltd aid operations, resulting in net return profit of 223 million yuan (year-to-year + 3.12 per cent) and deductions
In Beijing, building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the west corner of the city, the mother's net profit is $177 million (year-on-year +22.78 per cent). We believe that the first half of the year of Quan’s harvest is short-term pressure, and that the 39th track, when effectively integrated with the 39th, is expected to contribute to the development of the company’s operations.
Profit forecasting: we forecast a revenue of \triangleright between \triangleright: market and policy risks, R & D innovation risks, M & A integration risks, raw material prices
\triangleright team sellers have worked for over nine years, and \twilight, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transportation, worked in clinical coro, pp.c. and paraexel, 2021
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
She is a member of the team and has a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University and a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University.
In 2022, she became a member of the Cao Jia Lin, a member of the team, a Master of Quantities in Economics, and a two-year research experience in the pharmaceutical biology industry, and in 2023 she became a member of the Cindera Portfolio, which was responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, and icl.
Zhang Jong-tao, a member of the team, Master of International Investment Finance at the University of the South, one year of research in the pharmaceutical bio-industry, cpa (professional phase), formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, joined in 2023 as a credit card covering mainly Chinese medicines, pharmaceutical businesses & pharmacies, and vaccines. The components are not, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.