In mid-2023, China Yuan reported an increase in income, profits, drugs, and new energy.
In the first half of 2023, income and profits grew strongly. In the first half of 2023, the company achieved a major business of $6,819 million, or +23.19 per cent, in the case of the chc healthy consumer business, which accounted for $1.860 billion, or 14.15 per cent, in the first half of the Quan Pharmacy business.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum market focus on mineral products. The online market expands the marketing landscape through, for example, power providers. Better reach and service consumers.
Rehabilitation, product restructuring, and double-digit growth in prescription drug operations in the first half of the year, with Chinese medicine, formulation of granular varieties gradually landing, and particle operations stabilizing in the first half of the year. At the resource end, companies continue to expand the construction of Chinese pharmaceutical regulatory bases, and the industrial chain is becoming more well-developed.
On January 19, 2023, Quan Pharmacy Group shareholders were changed from Chinese medicine to Chinese medicine, which was formally incorporated into the Chinese Journal of Finance. The company continued its efforts to integrate the Quan Pharmacy Group, focusing on the development of a national drug platform for slow disease management and precision medicine.
Investment proposal: Chec is sound, prescription drugs are restored, and the "buy-in" rating is maintained.
To benefit from the need for cold medicine caused by the epidemic and influenza, corporate income and profits in the first half of 2023
The monument and its high profile, the prolonged occupation of patients’ and doctors’ minds, good corporate merger and acquisition integration, and branding capabilities are expected to contribute significantly to their development. Income and profits grew strongly in the first half of 2023.
Figure 2: Net profits and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Keeping down costs and optimizing the use of marketing costs in response to price declines caused by such factors as harvesting have resulted in a 6.18 percentage point reduction in the Māori ratio of prescription drugs in company stock operations, combined with the impact of the combination of Quantities and a small drop in net interest rates.
Figure 5: Sub-product performance: Chc: rapid growth and continued optimization of prescription drug operations. Based on income composition in the first half of 2023: Chc Health Consumers earned $6,819 million, compared to +23.19 per cent, and 51,87 per cent; prescription medicine
In the first six months of the Kuen Pharmacy business, it was achieved in the same manner as the health needs of the target consumers. In the case of prescription drugs, it was possible to improve product layout, expand the marketing landscape, and reach consumers and service consumers through such channels as the cable market, which focuses on the distribution of minerals.
In the first six months of the prescription drug operation, a double-digit increase was achieved, with reduced collection effects, hospital prescription rehabilitation, and product restructuring. In the first half of the year, the range of Chinese-medium-formulated granules gradually landed and the particle operation stabilized. At the end of the resource side, the company continued to expand the construction of a regulatory base for Chinese medicinal materials, with the construction of a warehouse from where medicines were collected, planted, processed from where they were produced.
On 19 January 2023, the shareholders of the Kundrin Group changed from Chinese medicine to Chinese medicine to Chinese medicine, which was formally incorporated into China’s financial statements. The company continues to move forward.
Quan Pharmacy Group integrated its efforts to focus on building a platform for slow-disease management and state-of-the-art medicine, enabling the Kuentong Industries and the Kuntung Medicine 1381 investment proposal: Chec is sound, prescriptions are restored, and “buy-in” ratings are maintained. Benefiting from the flu and the flu, corporate income and profits grew strongly in the first half of 2023, taking into account the Kuntong Pharmacy.
The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.