In mid-2023, China-Yun reported an evaluation of the research assistant: Xie-Yo Yu's operations in the second quarter of the year were well advanced, and the net profits from the recovery and repatriation were growing at the same rate.
The company performed well in the first half of the year. In the first half of 2023, the company achieved business income of $13146 million, an increase of 56.48 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the faster growth of the Chc business and the Quan Pharmacy.
The group has been included in the consolidated statements since 19 January. Of this amount, the Chc Health Consumers Business has achieved operating income of $6,819 million, an increase of 23.19% over the same period, and the Chec Business has seen faster growth in brands of otc, professional brands, and health.
The combination of medications and the company ' s operating income increased by 18.50 per cent the same year in the first half of the year. $365 million was positive in the area of product development. 1 class of small molecular targets for anti-cancer qbh-196 is undergoing i-clinical trials; and H3k27m mutagenic melanomas are new.
Onc201 capsules complete the application for in-country clinical trials (ind) and were officially approved by the National Drug Surveillance Authority (nmpa) in July for approval of a pharmaceutical clinical trial; 1 innovative medium drug dzqe for the improvement of women ' s menopausal symptoms was used to actively advance the ii clinical studies
The tester is in the group; the "Mito-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Ty-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Ty-Type-Type-Ty-Type-Type-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Type-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-T-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-T-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-T-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T.
Prominent firms, companies with a wealth of product lines, continuously strengthening innovation research and development, improving innovation systems and mechanisms Building, upgrading innovation transformation capabilities, and sustaining steady growth in the future, maintain research on companies, “positive” investors are suitable only for risk levels not higher than “medium- and high-risk” research, and “radical” investors are suitable for using our division's various categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the publication of this report.