The engineering machinery, the Troika, has grown strongly, with many factors contributing to the creation of an international giant for sustainable development, with a net profit of 2.576 billion yuan, an increase of 198.11 per cent, and an operating cash flow of 3.575 billion dollars, an increase of the same amount.
The “troika” of engineering machinery has grown strongly and the core competitiveness of the product has continued to grow. The concrete and mechanical battalion of 2019h1 has received $3.843 billion, which is more than 100 per cent higher, and the large increase in the sale of core products has been mainly due to the continuous increase in the competitiveness of the engineering and machinery industry as a result of equipment upgrades, and the continuing high-quality development of the company.
The combination of multiple factors, such as growth, downstream infrastructure, tightening environmental policies, and artificial substitution, has had an impact on sustained rapid growth and increasing core competitiveness of corporate products. Market shares have been rising. Thanks to strong technology research and development, the Japanese public company, class IV, 2.9 to 2 spoons, all four companies have broken down 15 times. Nine-time 15-time product growth and service systems of research and relationships, and the company share of cement machinery has been stable in the first two industries, with long-arm pumps maintaining industry first, with the domestic share of automobile cranes rising by 6.8 to 30 per cent in 2018, continuing to close the gap with the industry.
The cost of the company was further limited in the first half of the year, with a rate of 16.92 per cent for the period 2019-11, a decline of 2.40 per cent over the same period, of which sales costs, management (including R & D) fees of 19 flats and financial costs of 8.45 per cent, respectively.
Corporate profitability continues to rise, with the overall Māori rate of 30.00 per cent in the first half of the year increasing by 4.41 per cent, net interest rate of 11.55 per cent over the same period, and further increases in the Māori rate and net interest rate of the company due to the decline in the usage rate.
To promote a partnership for market performance that stimulates the dynamism of employees, continuously improves and optimizes service delivery systems, and sets the standard for industry services. At the same time, companies place a strong emphasis on quality and risk control, establishing a sound wind control system, adhering to a down payment rate of no less than 30% of the red line, and operating net cash flows in the first half of the year amounting to $3.575 billion, an increase of 124.19%, which is the best level in the same period.
New industries such as agricultural machinery + high machines, excavators, etc. + intelligence + internationalization are expected to smooth the domestic cycle and create a sustainable growth of international engineering giants. The first half of the year was $911 million in agricultural machinery, roughly the same as the previous year, but the company increased its research and development and production of cash crop agricultural machines and accelerated the landing of artificial intelligence in the field of agricultural machinery, the first half of the year was significantly reduced, and the new industries such as high-altitude platforms and excavators are expected to lose more than $200 million a year.
The development of superb genes and channels for R & D innovation has continued, and the likelihood of a breakthrough in the future will create a new strong growth point for companies; the firm's accelerated intellectual upgrading of manufacturing began in 18 years; the company's 10 acres of intelligent industry in Changsha has also been officially launched; the city project is expected to become a new benchmark for high-end manufacturing development in the country after delivery, bringing production and management efficiency closer to world-class enterprises; and the offshore earnings of 2019h1 companies are $1.684 billion, an increase of 2.61 per cent, and the Māori rate.
With the return of overseas sales intelligence to the mainframe business, the dynamism of overseas market expansion will increase considerably, with the industrial parks in China, China, and India moving ahead in an orderly manner, and the localization of overseas operations becoming more well-developed and ready for future eruptions.
The dynamic, intelligent and internationalization strategies of new products, such as agricultural machinery, such as excellent performance, high machines and excavators, have helped companies smooth their domestic engineering cycles and build international engineering machines that generate sustainable, high-quality growth.
The engineering and machinery industry has a lower-than-expected profile, increased competition in the industry and significantly lower-than-expected investment in infrastructure and real estate.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Yang Shao Fai