On 12 July, the company released its semi-annual performance forecast for 2019: 24.0-2070 billion yuan in net return profits, an increase of 171.7 per cent to 212.4 per cent for the second quarter alone.
The next two quarters saw a further upswing in performance, highlighting the growing competitiveness of the company’s core products. The company’s main products, concrete machinery, engineering cranes, towers, etc., were growing at a high rate, and the industry’s most resilient mid- and later-stage mainframes were further tested.
High growth in sales in the first half of the 19th century has led to high growth in corporate revenue; increased market competitiveness and rising market share; and a marked improvement in the quality of corporate development with sound operations.
The growth in the construction crane camp was about 80 per cent, corresponding to about $7.5 billion; the tower q2 was basically full per month, with a monthly production value of about $900 million and a sales income of about $3.6 billion in the first half of the year, which was close to 100 per cent higher than the increase in the previous half; the company as a whole increased by about 50 per cent, corresponding to $22 billion. The high growth in the company’s core product was mainly due to:
Industry demand is high and will continue to rise in 19-21 years; 2) Corporate R & D and market promotion, improved after-sales services, increased competitiveness of product markets and rising market share; 3) Real estate investment remains high, capital investment has improved noticeably, supporting sales in the industry, considering that infrastructure continues to play a counter-cyclical role and that new debt-specific schemes can effectively address the underfunding of capital projects, and capital investment will pick up further in the second half of the year, while real estate will remain stable.
For the next two to three years, the equipment and towers will continue to be high, while the persistence of excavators, engineering cranes and climate cycles is closely linked to the strength of future capital investments, and corporate concrete machinery and engineering cranes will remain at the top of the industry, 2 and 1 in the industry, and are therefore expected to be the highest performing and resilient in the industry at a later stage.
In a context of continued strong demand in the engineering and machinery sector, companies have maintained a sound business development approach, with a marked improvement in the quality of their operations compared to the previous round. Major products such as towers, concrete machines, engineering cranes, etc. have adhered to credit sales thresholds.
Prices are also better than industry averages, the growth of receivables is better matched to the collection end, with net cash flows improving further in the second quarter, after having reached their best level in the same period of history, and net cash flows are expected to exceed $3.3 billion in the first half of the year. The Māori ratio and net interest rates of 2019qt increased further to 30.0 per cent in 2018 and 10.9 per cent as a result of the expected slight decline in the Māori rate in the second quarter of the product restructuring, but the company is expected to make a profit.
New industries, such as high-altitude platforms and excavators, are expected to build strong growth points in the future.
The structure, the development and production of cash crop farming machines and the acceleration of artificial intelligence landings in the field of agricultural machinery are expected to rise by more than $1 billion in the first half of the year, with a marked recovery in the Māori rate and a significant decline in the 209h1; new industries, such as high-altitude platforms and excavators, are the focus of the company's future strategic focus and are sustained.
We believe that companies are more likely than ever to make a breakthrough, that high-altitude platforms, with an estimated 200 million yuan, are now working on a single order of about 700 million dollars, that products are widely appreciated by clients, and that companies are expected to continue their black horse stance as the first class of companies in the field of high-altitude platforms in the second half of the year, and that excavators have been on the market since June.
A series of new products ze60e-10, ze230e-9, above which machinery is expected to become a strong growth point in the company’s future, are expected. The Central and Heavy Section: Accelerating the Completion of Repurchases highlights the promise of future development The engineering and machinery industry has a lower-than-expected outlook, increased industry competition, and significantly lower-than-expected investment in infrastructure and real estate.
Central United Heavy Section: A sleeping engineering giant has awakened and performed with the Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Yang Shao Fai