Accelerating the completion of repurchases to demonstrate confidence in future development, followed on 29 June by the announcement by the company of the completion of the repurchase of a shareholding: starting with the first repurchase on 17 May 2019, the company accumulated the repurchase of the company through the repurchase of the equity-specific securities account as of 28 June 2019.
In less than two months, a large buy-back at a centralized rate highlights the company’s confidence in future development, with the company’s main product, concrete machinery, and a two-month centralized buy-back, highlighting the company’s confidence in future development.
In less than two months, $2.14 billion worth of share buy-backs were completed through a centralized bid, at an average cost of $5.49 per share, and the strength and speed of the buy-backs were at the lead of the listed company and highlighted the management ' s future in the engineering and machinery industry and the company.
After that, its 19-year performance was certain and its performance was flexible. ...The outlook is confident. The shares purchased will be used for the employee-share plan, and the benefits of shareholders, companies, employees will be well tied, which will help to further motivate the team, enhance employee loyalty, enhance investor confidence, and promote corporate health.
Concrete machinery and engineering cranes are at the top of 2 of the industry, with the most resilient mainframes in the middle and later stages of the industry. Companies are leading the world in concrete machine technology, working together as double-hatting for the industry, with a renewed strategic focus on engineering machinery, with a wide range of loyal customers and high-quality after-sale services, and their share in the market will increase further.
In China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa.
The gap between the share of the company’s car crane market and the industry’s flagship will be narrowing. After the company’s engineering machinery’s main product was stagnating in comparison to the landscape, it performed with the highest degree of certainty and elasticity in 19 years.
The towers have a high-intensity view, and the world’s leading business revenues are expected to hit 10 billion. After the collapse of the towers in the last four years, and rising investment in real estate, the excess capacity of the industry has been fully absorbed, and the towers have recovered since 2017, starting a new cycle.
The demand gap is about 70,000, with an average of nearly 10,000 new demands per year. The company, as a global tower leader, has a market share of nearly 40%, is now full of hand orders, is largely full monthly, is expected to collect about $8.5 billion in 2019, agricultural machinery continues to fall, and new industries, such as high-altitude platforms and excavators, are expected to follow up.
With a revenue of $1.480 billion and a Māori rate of only 6.9 per cent, the company continued to be in a state of loss, and in 19 it began to restructure its agricultural machinery, increasing its research and development and marketing of agricultural machinery for cash crops and accelerating the landing of artificial intelligence in agricultural machinery, with a significant reduction expected in 19 years; new industries, such as high-altitude platforms and excavators, were highly valued by company management and were the company's next best option.
The focus of the show, which was widely appreciated by users, was the number of orders and the prospect of a larger future in the engineering and machinery industry with a lower-than-expected profile, increased competition in the industry, and significantly lower-than-expected capital and real estate investments.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.