We'll continue to benefit from the update cycle.
Events: Company revenue of 22.3 billion yuan in the first half of 2019, an increase of 51.2 per cent in the same year; net return profit of 2.58 billion, an increase of 188 per cent in the same year (performance forecast area of 2.4-2.7 billion); significant increase in income from non-repatriation of principal products, which will continue to benefit from the renewal cycle: industry by industry, engineering and machinery panels
Concrete concrete machines, cranes (including engineering cranes and towers), earth machinery and other works and products, yielding revenues of 7.5 billion, 11 billion, 2.5 billion, 31 per cent, 95 per cent and 13 per cent respectively, respectively, while the sales of main products continued to grow at a rapid rate, with cranes and concrete machinery in the domestic product market.
The share of the field continued to hold steady: agricultural machinery earned $910 million, compared to 2.6%. Engineering cranes plus concrete machines reached their peaks as later-cycle varieties, benefiting from the continued boom in sales and the growth of relay excavators, such as replacements and environmental tightening.
The towers have benefited from an increase in the share of assembly buildings over demand, and the company, as the leading company with the highest share of domestic markets, has shown a trend toward higher prices, with its revenues more than doubled in the first half of the year;
▪ Significant increases in profitability and a significant fall in the cost rate over the period: 30% combined Māori, the same ratio as +4.4 ptt. For product breakdowns, concrete/heavy/other machines and products/farm machinery continue to be produced at a high level of production with significant scale effects; 2) 4.0 new products with higher value added and 6 pumps in the country.
The net interest rate on sales is 11.6%, compared to +5.8 pct, -1.1 pct, -1.5 pct, respectively. The firm’s strict cost control + scale effect reduces the overall cost rate. Billion dollars, an increase of 124% over the same period, makes the operating cash flow the best level ever.
The Division ' s inventory turnover was 115 days, a decrease of 21 days from the same year; the turnover of 202 days from accounts receivable was significantly reduced by 73 days from the same date, and the business cycle was close to the level of health of the previous cycle, mainly due to the company ' s maintenance of a more stringent credit policy, improved collection rate and a significant increase in its operational capacity.
▪ Emerging industries are on the move to promote all aspects of smart manufacturing: the company’s high-altitude platform is well established and its products are widely appreciated by clients and is expected to become the first class of enterprises in the high-altitude platform area.
The local machinery is strong in the market, completing the layout of the national provincial distribution services network, which is fuel consumption, efficiency and performance forecast for the supermarket, and the future growth of the company is expected to be the result of a strong margin in the back-drawling of machines.
In the first half of the year, a multiplicity of 4.0 products was launched. The world's largest RUG machine intelligence plant is stable, 2, Central UIHC (000157): Golden Step Production, high-altitude platform arm-based intelligent production, in addition to planned construction.
Merger car smart manufacturing industrial parks, hydraulic key component parks, companies will be smart again on the steps. Quantities buybacks send a positive signal that the main industry is condensed and Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee.