I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
2q19yearsfaraboveation; initiatewithbuy targetprice (previoustp)
I don't know what you're talking about, up/downside summer.
You know, you've got to do something about it. You've got to do something about it. You've got to do something about it. You've got to do something about it.
Earlyconsensusforecast.weforeastzoomliontodeliver 95 per cent/14 per cent earlynings waynefung, cfa growingthin 2019eand20e.initiatithbuyandpflamb$6.70, basedon
explosiveyearningsgrovethin2q19.zoomlionannouncedthatits stockdata preliminarynetprofitin1h19isexpectedtosurge1.72x-2.12xtormb2.4-
2.7bn (basedonprcgaap). Theimpressivegrovethwasdrivenby (1) propertyandinfrastrutureconstructionhosted theconcreteandcrane equipment; (2)thetrongdemandforzoomlian'scoreproductssuchas
Pumptruck, powercraneand compructioncrane; (3) reductionofextense source: bloomberg ratios.in2q19, theimpliednetprofitrangeisrm 1.4-1.7bn, representing
stayingpositiveonbothcraneandconcremateinery.accordingto ccmadata, salesvolumeoftruckcrane (9majorplayersinchina)
I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this for you, either.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
12-mthpriceperformance continuetoextexpandin2019e-20e.besides,weassumesignificantoperatingeverageoffecttohosttheearningsrowth.
Onthebackof10-12% roein2019e-21e.webenmarkzoomlian-a's source: bloomberg monthlyindustrysalesdatapoints.
Auditor: kpmg earningssummary relatedreports
"zoomlian (1157hk, buy) - strong setof1q19result; impressivecash "chinaconstructionmachinery
"Zoomlian" (1157hk, buy) - radiating newestimatsetsafter
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
The secretiasorissuelthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) alltheviewsexpressedacuatelyreflectorherpersonalviewsabout the subjectsitesorissesorissuer; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected, relatedtoothspepicviews expressed bytheatanalystitsstreamdirectport.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
♪ Outperform mark-perform ♪
I don't know if I'm the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, inventors.cmbisdoesnotprovidiividuallytailledvendmentadvice.thisport hasbeenpreverdix unregardtotheindividual investivobjectióves, financialpositorspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindidicatureperformance, dactualeventsmayifferferrealfromthofichiscontainativeotherport.thevalueof, andreturnsfroms, anyinvestanatainrenot
I don't know if it's a good idea, but it's not a good idea, because it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, and I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, different-of-viewanalyticalmethodswhencompiling.
I don't know, itselfand/oronbehalfitsclientsfromtimetotime.investsouldassumehat & bisdoesorseekstoveveinvevesmentbankingorother businessrelationshipshipswith the companithiesinthithport.asasurault, recipientssoouldbeawarathat and Bismayhaveaconflistestat
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
i) fallingwithintentional19 (5)ofthefincialeservicesandmarketsact2000 (finalpromotion) or (asamendedrommetimetime)("theorder") or (ii)areparsfalingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies,
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OHCHR) for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OHCHR) and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OHCHR), the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.