2019h1 performance exceeded expectations, with high growth in the crane and concrete industries, with companies earning approximately $1.41.7 billion, with 40-70 per cent growth over the quarter, and performance growth supermarket forecast. Performance growth was mainly due to strong downstream real estate and capital demand, and condensation of core products
Production orders and sales of earth pumps, tower cranes, and engineering cranes continue to increase at a high rate, and the engineering and machinery industry continues to grow at a high rate. After-cycle varieties continue to grow at a high rate: the engineering and machinery industry has remained so high since this year, using the most representative excavators, for example, in the first half of this year.
Annual sales in the excavator industry reached 137.2 million, an increase of 14.22 per cent. Other varieties grew at a higher rate, with 17.6 million vehicles sold in January/April, an increase of 65.08 per cent, compared to public equity/flow (million shares)
The share of vehicle crane products reached 27.98 per cent, an increase of 3.18 percentage points over the previous year; public sector concrete operations also continued to grow at a higher rate, with pumps growing in the context of cellular exits, up to 12 months/minimum in dollars.
In summary, the company cranes and concrete machinery take over the tower industry have continued to recover, and product restructuring has led to high-quality industry development: according to the Engineering Mechanical Industry Yearbook, the sales of towers have dropped from 63.37 million in 2013 to 2016.
After a few years of adjustment, a large number of renters, mainframes, and accompanies have been out of the market, and the industry has been recovering since 2017. At the same time, the demand for large ton towers is greater than the need for product technology.
The company, as the absolute leader of the country’s tarp industry, has the right to talk and benefit significantly from the outbreak of the boom.
Practice Qualifications Code: 2019h1 performance over-expected, industry research in the high-growth areas of the lifting and concrete industry, specializing in industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation-related sections.
Before entering the financial sector, there were eight years of business experience, in areas such as engineering machinery and automobiles, production techniques, markets, strategies, etc. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, where he joined the Pacific Securities Association in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.