The mid-year performance forecast for 2019 is expected to re-emerging, the semi-annual performance forecast for 2019 for the Central Quality Section (000157) and the semi-annual performance forecast for 2019 is much higher and the second quarter is even better.
During the year, the company is expected to realize a net profit of 2.4 billion to 2.7 billion yuan, which is expected to increase in the same year. Market coverage of the 4.0 series of products, such as earth pumps, tower cranes, engineering cranes, etc., has increased and the competitiveness of the city has been strengthened.
The cost rate has decreased faster than before. In addition, the company completed the buy-back plan within a month and a half, and this buy-back will be used entirely for the employee holding plan, which will further motivate the team and promote the company ' s ss0340188047
Long-term, healthy development has also raised investors’ confidence in long-term corporate investment. zhanghaojie@dgzq.com.cn Downstream demand for real estate, infrastructure, etc. has increased, and post-engineering cycle product renewal has peaked.
During the first half of 2019, there was strong demand for downstream industries such as domestic real estate and infrastructure, sustained recovery in the engineering and machinery industry, strong market demand, and orders for products such as company concrete equipment, cranes, etc.
In 2019, the country’s macroeconomic counter-cyclical adjustment became more favourable to capital investment, and the introduction of a new special bond code on 10 June will effectively address the problem of capital projects, which are limited to insufficient capital, with capital investments expected to rebound in the second half of the year and boost the demand for engineering machinery.
Since the start of the period of peak renewal of post-cycle products, such as cranes, concrete machines, etc., it is also expected that the relay excavator will become the driving force behind the sustained recovery of the engineering machinery industry. Corporate concrete machinery and crane operations together account for close to 80% of total revenue.
The recovery is expected to lead to sustained and rapid growth in corporate performance, with a clear dominance of corporate ownership, with business performance expected to rise again in 2019. Market competitiveness is increasing, and industry has a clear niche.
The share of the domestic product market has continued to be the top two, with construction cranes, concrete long-arming, and pumpers remaining the first in the industry. The company’s main product has continued to be sold at a high cost, with an average down payment of 40%, and the asset quality has improved significantly.
As a result, the market share of Xu, China Federation, and the trio industry was more than 90 per cent. In April, it was 29.2 per cent, up from the beginning of the year, and market competitiveness was increasing.
The semi-annual performance forecast for the megamarket is expected to be on the top in 2019. Our rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.