Performance exceeded expectations, and the vanguard advantage highlighted the certainty of future growth - the three-quarterly review of the Lungi shares in 2017 - increased by 27.3 per cent in the first three quarters of 2017 and net profit by 103.99 per cent in the first quarter of 2017:
During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of $10,846 million, an increase of 27.3 per cent over the same period, attributed to the dollar/equity, an increase of 80.65 per cent over the same period. For the third quarter, operating income of $4.57 billion, a 27 per cent increase in the ring, a net profit of $1,005 million, a 26 per cent increase in the ring.
As a single-crystal silicon-head company, 17 years of single-crystal silicon production will reach 15gw and 19 years of Lee Longshan’s capacity.
The company is technologically excellent and cost-controlled, with a combined Māori rate of about 35% in the previous three quarters, leading the industry, with a product sales rate of about 100%, and a low supply in the market, with a certain bargaining power. The size of our photovoltaics reached 17.25gw in the third quarter of 2017, an increase of 134% over the previous three quarters.
The result of this rapid growth in the length and distribution of the runner's plan is that, as electricity costs fall further in the future, the Internet is available at photovoltaic parities, which are expected to increase over the years, while the single crystal replaces the trend of multiple crystals, and the future market space of the company is enormous.
The company's $2.8 billion worth of debt transfer was officially released on 31 October, and plans were made to raise $1.5 billion to finance the 5gw single-crysilica stick project, which will raise 1.6 billion yuan to produce the 5gw annual production of the lonki silver.
Single-crystal silicon sticks and 5gw single-crystal silicon tablets projects. This debt transfer can be officially released to ensure that the company’s productive capacity continues to be deployed up and down the industry and further improves market competitiveness:
22.71%, creating a new perc battery world record. The product is expected to enter the market in the second quarter of 2018, which will drive a sustained reduction in the cost of electricity. In March of this year, a joint venture with the Tonway shares was launched to build a new energy project with 50,000 tons of high-purity multi-crystal silicon per year, which is an important element of the company ' s upstream silicon.
In the future, companies can further reduce the cost of silicon and increase their competitive advantage. The growth space is huge, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating: the present single crystal king, the future global leader.