Longki shares (601012.sh) with more than expected performance, single crystals to replace speed lifts.
Three-quarterly returns earned $2.24 billion, an increase of 104 per cent, exceeding expectations: companies issued three-quarterly reports in 2017, and companies achieved business income of $10.846 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 27.23 per cent over the same period; net profits from parent companies of $2,241 million, an increase of 103.99 per cent over the same period.
Of this amount, $1.12 million was realized in three quarters, resulting in operating income of $4.57 billion, an increase of 117.50 per cent over the same period, and the release process, which resulted in the measurement of 590 million copies of the company's silicon in three quarters, an increase of 100 million pieces over the ring. 380 million pieces were sold, contributing $1.82 billion, taking into account the continued price of silicon in three quarters.
All right, and the firm's price adjustment from the end of August, the silicon maori rate was 34.5-35%, and the ring slightly decreased. The silicon total contributed a net profit of about $410-43 million. 2) The component was shipped out for three quarters of a billion dollars, taking into account the silicon end profit rate, which was 32-32.5%, and contributed a net profit.
In terms of profitability, the decline in silicon prices in July and August, and the increase in silicon prices in three quarters, resulted in a 3.11 percentage point decline in the overall Māori ratio of 2017q3.
Between the point and 34.83 per cent, the overall net interest rate was boosted by the performance of the power plant, with the ring falling by 0.21 percentage points to 21.99 per cent. Four quarters of the season came and demand was strong; and the price was reduced strategically, with the sword horhorde moving to the crystal: four quarters.
In the traditional high-season season of light voltage, driven by the distribution of domestic runners, poverty reduction and unrestricted indicators, 1. Higher profitability leads to higher performance, while overseas markets Europe, India, emerging markets are gradually entering peak loading periods, with aggregate demand
The industry, which is still strong in terms of efficiency gains, is still strong. According to national photo-voltaic media reports, corporate silicons are willing to lower by 40 cents per piece of money, its role model (2017-8-30)
2. Monocrystal trends, high price parity, 1) the company Yunnan’s production capacity is close to production and costs can be reduced by two to three cents on average, while the current production capacity is expected to remain above 30 per cent for q4 silicon chips through sustained mitigation efficiency gains.
3. Volume increase is stable and performance will be higher than expected; empty 2) profit is released to downstream battery and assembly enterprises through price reductions, de facto opening between company price reductions, single crystal replacing speed lifts (2017-
Some battery manufacturers have since levelled the price of single multi-crystal batteries, considering the high level of profit innovation at bos 7-31, single crystal savings in this part, which would represent a great advantage of single crystals;) consideration of October
Since the end of the wave, major operators have been setting up next year's bid, and this early drop will go a long way.
The attraction of next year's monocrystal market will lay the foundation for next year's bidding. Given the reasonable price differential of the monocrystal silicon (2017-3-12), the price reduction is approaching the cost line of the traditional polycrystal production.
A single crystal harvest year, with over-expected performance, the slurry multichip enterprise will face the fate of being laundered next year. Large release of huge capacity in Yunnan (2017-1-20)
Against this background, the unbridled price reduction is conducive to the rapid realization of efficient use of productive capacity, a very high-speed, single-crystal replacement process, a significant improvement in cash flows, a high level of advance receipts, and an accelerated turnover: during the company's three quarters of 2017.
Cost increases ranged from 35.82 per cent to $1.011 billion over the same period, with a 0.59 percentage point to 9.33 per cent over the period.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board