The company issued its third quarterly performance report. The company achieved business income of $10,846 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 27.23 per cent over the previous three quarters; the realization was attributable to the public market.
The net profit of company shareholders was 2,241 million yuan, an increase of 103.99 per cent over the same period; the basic per share gain was 1,12 dollars, an increase of 80.65 per cent over the same period the previous year. Growth in the photovoltaic industry was stable, with a significant advantage over single crystallines. Between January and September 2017, the number of new photovoltaics installed in the country was around 42gw, an increase of 60 per cent over the same period, and industry development was over-anticipated, mainly because the development of photovoltaic cell technology led to a significant reduction in the cost of PV assemblies per watt.
In the first half of 2017, the monocrystal development continued unabated, with the market share projected to be around 35% by the end of 2017. The trend towards the replacement of monocrystals gradually became apparent, owing to the increasing efficiency of monocrystal batteries and the decrease in non-silicon costs in two ways. On silicon, the company completely upgraded the technique of gold cutting, raised the national production rate of goldlines, and significantly reduced the non-silicon costs of single crystal silicon.
The cost of silicon non-silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon schi sji sji sji sji sji silicon sji sji sji sji sji swi swi schi sji schi schi sili sili sili swi swi swi swi schi schi schi swi swi swi swi swi swi swi swi sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili swi sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sili sl sili sili sili sl sl sl sl sili sl sl sl sl sili sl sl sl sl sl sili sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sili sl sl sl sl sl sl schi schi sl sl sl s
The company has a pre-positioned system, with the word "distribution 3.0" in its voice. In 2017, a photovoltage outbreak broke out in the country, and between January and September 2017, the distribution machine 15gw, which is about 36% of the total installed capacity, increased by more than 300% on the same date.
Proponents, in the form of industry champions, build an elite 3.0-distributed business union that allows investors to enjoy high-power, high-quality, high-reliable, high-service photovoltaic products. A long-term strategic vision, significant technological advantages, and far-reaching industrial chain layouts allow firms to take firm positions in the industry and maintain strong market competitiveness.
\triangleright 218 million. The company’s reduction of impairment losses on its inventory accounts reflects the increased competitiveness of the company’s product markets and the company’s interest in the future market, and we appreciate the company’s deep layout in the single crystalline silicon chain and the technological advantages it creates, which provide the basis for the company’s expansion within the chain.
The company is expected to take the long-term position of a single crystalline silicon and a single crystal battery. We expect the company to collect $14.63 billion in 2017-2019, 197.6 per cent, 21 times, 17 times, and 14 times, respectively. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the Yang Raki.
The team leader in the basic chemical industry, who has nine years of experience in the securities industry, is well placed to capture the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and to analyze his own research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies