Launch of the Equity Incentives Scheme, “New Xu” rejuvenation, company announces the 2023 Restricted Stock Incentives (draft) scheme, to be awarded to restricted stock directors, senior managers, middle and senior managers, core technical and business personnel.
Xu is the leading company in the engineering and machinery industry in the country. The company is mainly engaged in research and development, manufacturing, marketing and servicing of cranes, shovels, compact machinery, surface machinery, pillar machinery, fire-fighting machinery, high-altitude machinery and other engineering machinery and spare parts.
Among the products, cranes, mobile cranes, horizontal-directional drills are among the first in the world; with total stock/flow capital (millions of shares) 118.16/48.37 cranes are among the third in the world: bulkers, swing drills, tracked cranes, etc.
The total market value/market value in circulation (million yuan) is 796/326 and the product is in the forefront of the domestic industry. Property is expected to improve marginally, and capital construction will continue to be an important driver of steady growth.
The three arrows of capital policy (bonds, credit, equity) are moving fast, highlighting the government's confidence in a stable real estate and a stable economy, the increase in the price of first-line urban commodity homes in January 2023, and the limited Xu State Engineering and Machinery Group.
In terms of infrastructure, local government spending on disease control has been significantly reduced, the physical load of infrastructure is expected to accelerate, and construction will continue to be an important enabler of steady growth in January.
Credit figures are clear in January, and forward-looking indicators confirm that the demand for engineering machinery is warming. In January 2023, the RMB loan was increased by RMB 4.9 trillion, or RMB 92.27 billion more than in January 2023; of this, the business unit loan was increased by RMB 4.68 trillion, or RMB 1.32 trillion more than in January 2023; and of this, the short-term loan was increased by RMB 1.32 trillion.
In January, the credit figures were clear, reflecting the need to improve financing for manufacturing entities, and, as a forward-looking indicator, confirming expectations of a return to the warmth of engineering and machinery demand. Looking at the trend of engineering and machinery out of the sea, it is expected to lead to a new growth point in performance.
In 2021, the company collected only about a quarter of the world's top mechanics, and there is much room for overseas penetration.
And, by historical data, the Māori ratio of corporate operations abroad is 1.5-2.5% higher than that of domestic operations, and is more profitable. Asset restructuring improves the structure of “new Xu” products, and equity incentives highlight management confidence.
In July 2022, the reorganization of the company’s assets was approved and its engineering and mechanical assets, such as excavators, concrete machines, miners and towers, were injected into the public company, with a marked improvement in product structure and profitability. This equity incentive, which led to a clear three-year performance guideline for 23/24/25, and an incentive for equities
All come from buy-backs, highlighting management’s confidence. This equity incentive, which is an important tool for corporate transformation, is expected to promote institutional reforms such as intellectual transformation, digitization, and talent development, as well as efficiency gains for Xu and higher net interest rates.
• Profit forecasting and investment advice. Xu-Tech, as a leading domestic engineering and machinery company, will benefit fully from a robust recovery/capitalization of domestic real estate firms. Meanwhile, overseas infrastructure maintains a high profile, and corporate export operations are expected.
The data used in the present report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, impartiality and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.