Intra-provincial development, rapid growth of the national system, summary: global distribution of the products of the present world, rapid growth of the national series in the sub-high-end white wine industry, continuous upgrading of the product structure; initial completion of the provincial layout, successful break-through of the provincial capital market, and success of the Soviet Union
The South’s leading economic region is still large; the out-of-town breakthrough, planning for several billion-grade markets, is about to change, adding equity incentives and medium-term performance certainty.
In the last three years, the company has entered a rapid and long-term process, with a combination of income and net profit growth in 2016-2019, which represents an accelerated increase in the collection of ta+ products and a share of the proceeds of white wine from 2016 to 2016.
Industry: White wine looks at structural growth, sub-high and above. Part of the white wine industry in the last three years.
In the last three years, it has been estimated that the combined growth rate of the high-end, sub-high-end, white-supplier, broken down by industry, is not about 25% or 37%, which is in sharp contrast to the negative growth of the low- and medium-level white wine. We predict that the growth rate of white wine over and above the next three years will continue to lead the white wine industry, which is the preferred option for the white wine industry.
The national core incremental product series V, Quad, and high-end and above, are expected to keep growing in line with the industry. Products: At the lower end, the v series seeks high-end breakthroughs. In 2020, the present world will continue to grow.
Fast product upgrades, state brands are in the window of deep industry differentiation, and according to the "Empowerment of the Layout, New V Divisions, Big K Division, Tactical Supplements to New K and Algebra Divisions" product strategy, precision cutting of the sub-high end and higher white liquor market. The current national series is well under way, 2020.
In the first half of the year, the national series rose to about 75 per cent, with the v series rising to about 8 per cent and the product structure continuously moving upwards. Channels: price-sharing channels flattened and the distribution of the orders of the missions flowing.
It's an organizational flattening of six districts, with an enhanced response rate; at the channel level, the advantages of the Intra-Provincial Buying Channel are clear, with revenues exceeding 60%, and companies are expected to buy as consumption increases in Jiangsu Province.
The pattern is: the provincial interior is initially completed, and the market outside the province has broken out. Until 2019, the company’s province was based on the North Subei main camp market and built around the Huaian region; in 2019, the provincial capital, Nanjing, had a rapid penetration.
The same-year-old growth of 53 per cent and the revenue share of about 28 per cent, and the successful break-through of provincial capital markets, parallel to the ocean’s river size, is expected to lead other regions, and the next step will be to continue working in the south-central region, which is expected to replicate the high growth of the Nanjing core model market; and the extra-provincial focus “1+2+4” strategy.
With high growth below the low base, a marked rise in regional quality, and a sustained drive to engage in external markets in 2020, with five of the 100-degree markets and more than 30 million markets, development outside the province is about to change. The country is more resilient, and it is still growing steadily after the epidemic.
It is expected that the tera+ category (based on the national v series, k series, Quest) will benefit from sub-higher-end expansion, 23% growth in the same year, faster-speed-run sub-products, based on the continuous upward shift in the structure of the company ' s products, and we see a steady increase in the company ' s Māori ratio.
At the end of the day, the world is now at high speed, long-term, with the end of the product, with the focus on the state-of-the-state series cutting sub-end and above, the product structure is expected to continue to upgrade; at the end of the channel, the structure of the organization pushes to flatten and continues to be retailed by the Mission's purchase of the layout; at the end of the pattern, the provincial interiors are initially completed, successfully breaking the provincial capital market and waiting.
In Central Su-Su-Su-Su, there has been a marked improvement in the quality of the region, planning for 500 billion-grade markets, which are about to rise at a slower pace than expected, and the development of secondary-end white wine is below expectations; the Southern and Central regions of Jiangsu province are not performing as expected; and the expansion of the area outside the province is not proceeding as well as expected.
Intra-provincial depth development, sub-high-end star start-up 1.1 brand name: three brands of conglomerates, three brands of different orientations, continuous brand heat.
Founded in 1996, the company was founded in 1997 as a wine factory in Jiangsu Gou, with three major brands: "Nationality", "Fortune of the World" and "Fortune of the World" and "Fortune of the High Gorge". The company actively forged the brand name "Fortune of the World" to link China's traditional culture with alcohol culture, to enhance cultural identity for marketing purposes, and to deepen the market for weddings.
Creates a matrix of media communications called "Sight + High Speed + Iron, Media + New Media + Events". A series of consumer-breeding events.
The merger was the first in 1956 to win the Golden Cup of the National Quality Competition in Jiangsu Province, which was developed with great skill and natural qualities. In 2004, the company launched a brand of “nationality” in line with the fast-growing decade of white wine, and since the new round of white wine, the company responded to the rapid growth of sub-high-end brands of “nationality” in 2019.
In the 1990s: a long-standing high-trenched business could not last. High-trenched wine, which began in West Han, was made of excellent quality and won prizes in all kinds of ratings, such as the "National Brands" and the award.
National standard samples of strong white wine, etc., but by 1996, the production of the wine factory had been suspended for a while due to the age of brands and difficulties in adapting to changes in the market and poor operation. 1996-2004: New brands in the present world, helping to grow deep within the world.
Cards, markets, corporate focus on the market in Jiangsu province, first to nurture the Nanjing market, then to expand to the Xianan region, then to expand to the surrounding markets, and then to develop the intra-Sushu, Xin, etc.
From about 200 million yuan in 1996 to 400 million yuan in 2004, 2004-2010: a new product of national origin was introduced, focusing on the demand for political and commercial goods. In 2004, the white wine market ushered in a “gold 10 years” and the world now has the advantage of a “state” brand, with a price of 480 yuan for the country, which is based on the price of the oil and fluids.
By consensus, product-based high-end white wine markets have attracted opinion leaders to a branding strategy that is “big, big, big, big” and that promotes brand image and cultural identity in advance of the high-end white wine market in the province. In 2008, the company invested $1.2 billion, actively expanding its productive capacity, producing high-quality wine in the top 10 years of the industry.
In 2010, the company collected more than 2 billion dollars, and China sold more than 50% of its sales. 2010-2014: industry fluctuations were adjusted, and corporate growth was hampered. In Jiangsu province, competition for white wine has intensified, and there has been an increase in the competition for wine, wine and ocean rivers, and for the present, for Jiangsu market, which has led to a slowdown in corporate sales.
In 2014, it became the second place in the city after the Uiyang River in the province.
Since 2015, the second-high-end white wine market has continued to expand, the world-focused national series, the second-high-high-end white wine market has achieved a full increase in volume prices. The new five-year plan was launched in the same year, striving for a new five-year campaign, which has quadrupled. The V9 series was launched in 2019 as a high-end company for the future.
In terms of nationalization, the present world uses Shandong as a model market to initiate the process of nationalization. Corporate income and net return profits increased at a combined rate of 24.0% and 24.6%, respectively, from 2016 to 2019.
• Business income (millions of yuan) (left axis) - Business income yoy (right axis) 1.3 Products: Nationally motivated product structure upgrades, three branded product systems, each price covering the consumer population.
White wine, with products divided into three brands: national, present-day and high-grenched, covering the lower end of high school. State-of-country series, high-end, medium-end white wine, focused political and business dinners for consumption, v series, high-end wine over $1,000, new k series (k5, k3), old k series (four-to-one), 300-600 yuan, and fine series (soft, light) positioning.
100 to 300 dollars; the world-wide series of orientations, the celebration of weddings, family dinners, etc., the annual collection department, and the high ravine series, which focuses on the daily consumption scene of the population, and the creation of product differentiation and branding awareness by “high value for money”.
The structure of the product has shifted significantly, and the growth of the country has been strong. Since 2016, the share of the company ' s revenue from products of more than $100 has been growing steadily: the share of income from products of the ta+ group, represented by national origin, has increased faster, from 37.0 per cent in 2016 to 56.2 per cent in 2019; and the share of products of the tera class, which includes national and present-day origins, has increased exponentially.
Chart 5 shows that the range of products of the present world has continued to rise, and the price increase has been greater than the increase. Since its listing in 2014, the company's combined rate of increase has increased its contribution: the company's price of white wine rose from 79,000 yuan per ton in 2014 to 153,000 yuan per ton in 2019, year after year.
The combined rate of increase is about 14.2 per cent, and since 2017, the company has adopted a small-scale strategy to raise the price of the core line of products of the country of origin, focusing mainly on the country of origin and on the other side.
Māori net interest rates have risen steadily in recent years. Effective corporate control over the continued price increases and costs of core products has increased and sales rates have fluctuated slightly; management rates have steadily declined, combined net profits have been achieved as a result of scale effects.
Figure 11 shows a positive increase in net interest rates at the world-wide Maori rate by 1.4: multi-shareholdings bind interests Government shares with executives, management and shareholders ' interests are permanently tied. Company-held shareholders are members of the world-wide conglomerates.
Limited, holding 44.72% of shares and actually controlling the people’s government in the county. The company’s main executives and middle executives now hold shares, with 9.33% of the top 10 shareholders in total; the other core employees hold 3.28% of the shares in 2019, through the company’s executives and middle executives.
The acquisition of 34-49% of the share in the Cin Chi Liquor industry contributed to synergies, expansion of the company ' s white wine map, promotion of the current world equity structure (as of the end of the first quarter of 2020) and implementation of equity incentives and sound incentives. In April 2020, the company issued a draft equity incentive plan and plans.
1.5 Senior managers: Core management leads development Pre-judged secondary high-end track, national-end series of successful cards. The current Chairman, Mr. Zhou Su-ming, has been Chairman of the Board since entering the company in 2000, with extensive management experience, a deep sense of industry understanding and a deep pursuit of science, technology and innovation, and process upgrading.
In 2004, Dong Zhou advocated for brand and wine innovation, and managed to move ahead with the brand of "nationality" to the high-end white wine market. We believe that the decision-making level of the white wine industry must pre-empt future price prevalence and accompany it with the right channel strategy to land. On the product, Dong Zhou made many years ahead of schedule the higher-end white wine industry, with the 2016 tie-up.
More than 40% have fully enjoyed the rapid expansion of the semi-annually high-end segment of the industry; through the development of a continuous focus on the acquisition channels, Zhou Dong has fully recognized the importance of sub-high-end white wine leadership development for circulation, and has contributed to the explosion of corporate performance in 2017.
The development of the world’s future is based on the wisdom of science, technology, and innovation, and will continue to lead the world’s future to the goal of a new five-year struggle and a two-fold increase in real life. Second, the structure of the product has shifted upwards, and the country is growing rapidly.
2.1 Industry: White wine looks at structural growth, sub-higher end and above, and we believe that the medium-term development of the three-year cycle, the sub-high end and above (high end, sub-high end) white wine expansion speed will lead the white wine industry, which is the preferred track for the white wine industry, for the following main reasons:
1. Sub-high-end and above products continue to be upgraded. After the three-public consumption policy was introduced in 2012, the white wine industry entered a period of deep adjustment, in which the structure of white wine consumption was fully adjusted to provide the conditions for a new round of ups and downs. Since 2016, front-to-back prices have opened up the uphill route, driving up and down five grains.
In the run-up to the prices of liquids and cellars, which will open up the sub-high-end white wine market below, the sub-high-end lead alcohol industry will be able to continue the upward trend in the consumption of white wine in chart 16 (in yuan) China’s economic development to boost the consumption structure of white wine in the medium and long term.
Income growth and cpi growth drive inflation, and consumption escalation is a continuing and inevitable trend, leading to a rapid expansion of the high-end white-coloured industry. For example, in the Great White State: the main consumer price in Jiangsu market rose from the past to 300-600 yuan; and the main consumer price in Anhui market rose from the past to the current 200-500 yuan price.
Figure 17: Sustained growth in disposable income for all Chinese (in yuan) Figure 18 Trends in the prevailing price segments of the province of white wine consumption .. Sub-high-end volume base is still low. High-end white wine and sub-high-end white wine market sizes are estimated in 2015.
50 billion yuan, 20 billion yuan to about 120 billion yuan by the end of 2019, 60 billion yuan annualized compound acceleration, market concentration head-to-head effects are evident. We expect a consistent trend towards head concentration and rising consumption in the white wine industry, with high-end white wine rising at full price in the steady price-raising process for the core items, and the sub-high-end white wine in the head business.
The product structure is upgraded and well released at a very low base. We expect to reach about $180 billion and $100 billion, respectively, by 2022 in high-end white wine and sub-high-end white wine, with annual compound growth rates of about 15 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively, as well as a break-down track for the medium- and long-term white wine industry.
Chart 19 Recapitulates and anticipates 2.2 products with a complex increase in size by volume of white wine: top-down, v series for high-end breakthroughs, strengthening the new v system of layouts, and making a strong k system. In terms of product layout, the current year 2020 has continued to accelerate production.
The gold track, based on the “Empowerment of the New V” system, is used as a powerful k family, tactically supplemented product strategy for the new k, euphemisms, a clear brand class hierarchy, a focus on the mainstream price, and an accurate cut-off segment.
Country V is: “v9 for image, v3 for sales, v6 for addition”; strategic development of the layout is accelerated with a focus on first-line developed regions such as Nanjing and South Su; emphasis is placed on the value of the different product categories of the national v9 for “China's Qingjap Wine Starters”; active penetration translates into traditional high-end sauce consumer groups and leads to high-level orientation
(a) Traditional high-end condensation escalation;
(b) New ks (k5,k3) and yams: focus on extended development of high-end consumer groups, tactical cutting edge positioning to reinforce the meager state, bringing mainstream competitions to the billion price, breaking down its channel terminal and consumption base.
The share of the country has continued to rise, and the structure has moved further upwards. According to research from the sources, the chain of national affiliations of the main weights in the first half of 2020 has continued to develop well, with the 2020h1 series (v, k, k, Ya) expected to account for about 75% of the company’s operating income, up from about 70% in 2019, 2018 and 65% in 2018.
The super-high-end price belt is a company’s strategic layout for long-term sustainable development in response to soy sauce fever, which is a new product that combines sauce with traditional fragrances and is highly aggressive in its taste. At the same time, the present generation will form the V Department of Enterprise, which will focus on structural configuration, branding, head cultivation, regional expansion, and incentive testing.
At the top of the dollar, according to research from the sources, the product layout of the country v is very effective, the branding of the country v has risen rapidly, the country v9 is showing excellent performance, especially in the Nanjing market, and the consumption of some of the huts has been transformed, although at present it is small, to see the world's edge super-high in Jiangsu through v9.
2.3 Channels: flat price-sharing channels, distribution of distributions on a sub-group basis, 2.3.1 channel price-fixing channels, organizational structure flat-level 1+1 depth-sharing, and orderly promotion of “price-control profit-sharing” through the company channel, which promotes the 1+1 depth-sharing model.
Channel sales models, developed in partnership with plant-led, channel distributors, will be fully controlled by manufacturers for sales policy, cost placement, terminal management, distribution agents primarily responsible for channel distribution, maximizing the efficiency of the company’s joint development market. According to the 2020 World Summit on Sustainable Development, the company will import a “value-control” model in 2020.
In the first half of 2020, the company accumulated over 80,000 contracts, of which over 60,000 were in the provinces, over 15,000 in the provinces, over 3,000 in the provinces, and 3,000 in the towns and villages of the provinces.
In 2018, the company flattened its provincial marketing organization, moved its sales decision points, restructured its original 13 regions to six, abolished its local marketing centre and changed its district office to directly interface with regional managers, and increased the speed of market response across the regions.
Sixie, Changzhou, Nanjing Region (Nanjing, Jinjiang), Su Central Region (Yangzhou, Taizhou, Nantung), Huai An Region (Liao An, Hobbies), Salt City Region (Saline City, Tianyun Harbour) and Xu Region.
We believe that, in order to be sub-higher than the white wine consumption end, it is important to capture core opinion leaders in the long run, so that the focus group buys and relies on the core plate (see leaders for leadership) to drive a wide-ranging drive (the channel of circulation) is the core path to the growth of the second-higher and higher-end white wine industry.
There is a clear advantage in the acquisition of this world group. The company actually controls the ownership of 44.72% of the company ' s shares through the Constellation Group, so the company started to work with the government agencies in Jiangsu.
The demand shift from business to business group demand, and the new category includes business needs of business clients, personal customer reception needs (e.g., weddings, receptions, etc.). The current share of revenue from the world's Fate Group is more than 60%, which is the revenue from corporate sales, and rising consumption in the province reinforces the group's purchasing advantage. The rapid growth of Jiangsu's core is due to rising consumption as a result of economic development.
In the medium term, the core growth points are derived from the increase in the amount of white wine at the lower end and above; at the same time, by comparing the lower end price segments, by the push of the product with the low- and medium-priced segment, by the thrust of the channel of the product at the higher price and by the stickyness of the clientele, which is stronger than the retail distribution channels, so we expect that in the process of upgrading consumption in Jiangsu province, the company's acquisition channels will be enhanced.
Chart 26 is still the main channel of the company, and the flow channels are sinking, and profit margins are still comparative. We believe that the breeding effects of the current core opinion leaders of the national series are gradually emerging and are in the process of being released on a small scale, while the national product series is still in the life cycle of the product.
According to research from the sources, the flow of products of the present world is significantly later than the ocean, and by the end of 2019 there were 330 distributors in Jiangsu province, significantly fewer than thousands of them, and the end-point density and price transparency were relatively low.
In 2019, as corporate channels of circulation continued, the profit margins of the product channels declined slightly from the previous marginal, but based on the long period of adjustment in the blue and sky blue series of oceanic rivers affected by the epidemic, we expect that in the short and medium term the profit margins of the current world canals will remain higher than those of the ocean.
2.3 Pattern: Preliminary completion of the provincial panorama, continued national high-profile upswinging of consumption in 2.3.1 Provinces, with a more visible sub-high-end expansion, and the current market competition patterns for the sub-provincial high-end white wine in Jiangsu Province have not yet reached a consistent expectation, partly according to the view that it is in the ocean.
We believe that the secondary high-end white wine in Jiangsu province is a growing market in the long run, and that the present world is still in large quantities in the provinces of Nessu, Central Sudan and South Sudan, and that it is expected to grow rapidly in the medium term.
Jiangsu's consumption has risen significantly, leading by more than the upper end of the spectrum. Jiangsu's disposable income is significantly higher than the country's disposable income, leading to frequent commercial activity, high demand for high-end and sub-high-end products, and rising consumption levels.
According to research sources, the sub-supplier 100 is supplementary or self-drinking, the subsupplier 200 is used for ordinary consumption, the sub-supplier is very active in the sub-susan market, and the main price segment of the scene has been raised to $300-600 since 2017.
According to the consumption structure of Jiangsu province, based on research from sources, the size of the high-end white wine in Jiangsu province (more than $600) is about 25%, corresponding to about 10 billion, about 17% higher than the national level; Jiangsu province is second-high.
The size of the white wine (300-600-bit belt) is about 25 per cent, which is significantly higher than the national level of about 8 per cent; the medium-high-end white wine (100-300-bit belt) in Jiangsu province is about 30 per cent, which is about 43 per cent below the national level; and the low-end white wine (under 100-bit belt) is about 20 per cent, which is about 30 per cent below the national level.
We believe that the main price belt for white wine consumption in Jiangsu province has already been able to leapfrog to more than $300, and that Jiangsu province is leading the country in its rapid economic development that has led to an upward trend in consumption, and is therefore expected to continue to run the country at the second-high end of the province in the next three years.
Figure 27 The structure of white wine consumption in Jiangsu province is significantly higher than the national average. 2.3.2 The provincial capital has returned to local distribution, while the sub-provincial zone is still large.
In 2019, the present-day connection in Nanjing, the capital of the province, achieved a rapid penetration of $1.27 billion in sales revenues, an increase of 53% in comparison with the previous year, and is expected to lead the rest of the region in parallel with the rise of the ocean. We believe that the present-day connection is only a local area in the province, and that there is a significant growth space in Jiangsu Province.
Figure 28 Revenues from sales from the regions of the province (2016 - 2019 billion yuan)
The company’s share is now about 12% in the province, and it is expected that in the medium term it will be able to raise its share in the south-central market. Nanjing, as the capital of Jiangsu, has a capacity of over $5 billion, which is at the heart of the company’s development in Jiangsu province.
The model market, in 2019, achieved sales revenue of $1.27 billion, a 53% increase in comparison, and succeeded in breaking through the provincial capital market, and became the first market in the province of Jiangsu in the present era, forming alongside the ocean river on a scale that is expected to lead other regions. In our view, the company Nanjing region continues to grow at a high rate.
By buying the market in Nanjing, the company has for many years created a well-known group of opinion leaders, promoted a sub-high-end domestic consumption climate, and thus led the mass consumption market. The current state consumption climate, led by the opinion leader, is strong, followed by the company.
In the Nanjing region, it is expected to continue working with the advantage of a group buying channel; 2. The company's profits are higher than the competitive ones, and its distributors are more willing to sell. By 2018, the heart market in the province was completely repressed, but in 2019, the state of the province's main competition for a large single commodity came into the blue.
Throughout the period, the company took the opportunity to reverse its competitive stance, Nanjing’s market became fully operational, the country’s national vs. the blues of the ocean’s rivers were replaced, and the current pattern of competition in Nanjing’s markets is conducive to the continued dynamism of the world and benefits from the profit margins of the world’s current channels in the short and medium term that we have mentioned above, which are expected to remain relatively high.
In 2019, the South and South Sudan regions achieved sales revenues of about $640 million, an increase of about 21 per cent over the same period. The Central and South Sudan regions are the priority strategic markets for the company ' s follow-up development in Jiangsu province, with the more important and significant increase in the size of the South Sudan.
1. The Southern African market economy, represented by Suzhou, Tinless and Changzhou, is leading in Jiangsu province, with the mainstream belt upgraded to 300-600 sub-high-end prices, and based on the economic performance of the South Sudan region leading the province, we expect the Susu region to take the lead.
Southern consumption is rising faster and sub-higher white wine is expected to lead the province, providing a good development environment for the company’s sub-higher-end state-of-the-state series of products. While the sub-state government buys less markets than the provincial capital, the sub-region consumes more businesses, and the company is also expected to take advantage of the group’s procurement channels, learn from experience, and copy the Nanjing sample.
2. The Nanjing and Subei regions are dominated by real-estate wine, the Nanjing River shares of the world's markets are about 70%, penetration rates are limited, but the South Sudanese consumers are more open, based on research and research, and the South Sudanese foreign brands.
In this context, the world today is a local wine company in Jiangsu, a sub-high-priced product that leads the way, adds up channels, draws on the success of the Nanjing market, the company Su.
3. Based on our optimism about the growth potential of the South Sudan region, which currently has a low base of about 14 per cent of the company’s revenues from sales, the rate of revenue growth in the South Sudan region is expected to continue at a sustained rate and replication in the medium term.
High growth in the core model market in Nanjing. Figure 302019 Reaction to the rise in the number of distributors in the south-central region of the Sudan focused on the negative growth of the south-central Soviet Union (one).
The provinces of Jiangsu have been slightly divided between the regions, which are affected by the epidemic, according to sales income, and the small number of places in the Huai An base camp, which has slipped, the salt town area has remained almost the same, the Nanjing region has grown by the same number, the Su-China, Sunan and Huaihai regions still have some double-digit growth, and the strategic layout of the market within the province has been verified through sales of calibre revenues.
2.4 Pattern: Out-of-provincial market breakthroughs, imminent qualitative changes 2.4.1 Focus on the “1+2+4” strategy, sustained high-speed growth in out-of-provincial areas, high growth under the low base and marked improvement in regional quality. In 2019, 4.54 billion sales were achieved in the present province.
RMB, 93.2 per cent, 29.2 per cent increase in the same year; out-of-town sales, $309 million, 6.35 per cent increase in the same year, 55 per cent increase in figures 33 and 33 increase in the share of out-of-area income in the present world
In 2019, the corporate strategy for off-provincial development was restructured into the “1+2+4” strategy, of which 1 refers to the primary strategic market outside the province, the province of East, where products are dominated by the present-day collection series, the objective of which is to become the second Jiangsu market, and to build a sample market outside the province; 2 refers to Beijing, Shanghai, where products are dominated by the national series and are positioned as a strategic image market; 4 refers to Henan, Anhui, Anhui,
In accordance with the plan of the 2020 Congress for the Development of the World Series, “Nationalization” in 2020 will be structured around the key points of market development, with a shift from quantitative to qualitative as soon as possible, with the company’s goal of marketing in the provinces by 2020.
Regionally, the strategy of “comprehensive planning, emphasis on breakthroughs, perimeter radiation, ladder development” is followed, with a clear focus on regional planning; brand names, based on national and world-based dual-brand operating concepts, are designed to magnify brand dissemination effects; and resources are allocated to improve the team structure and enhance the quality of market operations;
Shandong's main market, with precise strategic directions. The market for white wine in Shandong province is more than $40 billion.
In 2004, after more than a decade of deep cultivation, the blue brand of the river and the Qingdao brand has entered Shantang market, and has been used as an entry point for the main product, mainly 42 degrees of medium-dense white wine, in order to match the preferences of the main white-colour consumers of Shantung.
It has created awareness and recognition among Shandong consumers of Jiang Su-bhai wine. As Jiangsu local liquor company, led by the nation, brand power has continued to rise, and in 2019 the Shandong market achieved sales of about $900 million, doubling the growth of the market outside the province, which is about to change its quality.
In 2020, the foreign market continued to promote business. The market was concerned about the current low size of the foreign market, the weak brand, the willingness or weakness of the distributors in the process, but we believe that the foreign market is a source of opportunity, mainly because, on the one hand, local channels prefer to be national brands of wine, but most of them are.
On the other hand, small local brands are small in size, their audience is limited, and channelers have limited preferences for small local brands; as a result, local conduits are now more willing to create locally-based, nationally-owned, productive brands that are already in place.
In 2019, the company continued to recruit rapidly outside the province, with a net increase of 152 vendors and a total of 425 dealers abroad.
In 2020, the market was planned at five levels, more than 30 million in six markets. In 2019, Shandong, Shanghai, Beijing and more than 30 million districts were planned for Henan, Anhui, Jiangxi, Zhejiang, Hunan and Guangdong. In 2020, the company planned five districts: Shandong, Shanghai, Beijing, Henan and Anhui.
In the first half of 2020, according to research from sources, the sales of both Shandong and Shanghai regions continued to grow in double digits, with high growth rates of 50% + 100% + for Anhui and Zhejiang regions respectively. We believe that, with the formation of urban fields in the hundreds of districts outside the province, the current market is at a critical stage of breakthrough, and development outside the province is about to change.
Chart 3532020 Planning for the present 500 million yuan market, more than 30 million markets, 9 markets, 3. Prospective earnings and investment proposals. Rapid growth in the 3.1-country series. The impact of the epidemic can be controlled in the first quarter.
The product structure continues to move upwards, generating nearly $5 billion in operating income. In 2019, the current income was $4.87 billion, an increase of 30.3 per cent, of which $4.84 billion, or 99.4 per cent, was earned on white wine; 1.46 billion, or 27.0 per cent, was earned on the basis of a net return to the mother.
Realization of income of $4.24 billion, an increase of 36.6 per cent and an increase of about 88 per cent in the same year; 1.11 pct to 20.7 per cent higher in 2019 than in Piti, with sales rates rising by 1.84 pct to 17.5 per cent higher in the same year, mainly as a result of increased investment in business growth, advertising fees, etc., and relatively stable management rates.
In addition, at the end of 2019, the advance payment was 1.30 billion yuan, an increase of 11.62 per cent over the same period, the net operating cash flow was 1.31 billion yuan, an increase of 16.6 per cent over the same period, and the advance receipts and cash flow performance was better. The impact of the epidemic was manageable in the first quarter, and national resilience became apparent.
But the company as a whole is still affected by the epidemic, reaching $1.77 billion in business earnings in the first quarter of 2020, a decline of 9.4% compared to 9.5% compared to the net profit of the parent company, with a breakdown of the product in the v series and the four-opening pairs.
The main ta-plus is still strong, and the ta-+ has raised 990 million yuan, a decline of 3.8 per cent in the same year and a steady increase in profit margins of 3.2 per cent, a growth of more than 20 per cent in the second half of the epidemic, and we expect the company ' s white-guy business to earn revenue in 2020.
In terms of the Māori rate, the structure of the products of the present world is expected to continue to move upward and, in our view, the Māori rate is rising. In terms of the cost rate, the company is in the beginning of the new five-year period, under the provincial channels.
As a result, sales costs are expected to increase slightly, and management costs are expected to decline slightly under the scale effect.
The structure of the product is expected to continue to upgrade; at the end of the pipeline, the structure of the organization pushes to flatten and continues to be retailed on the orders of the troupe; at the end of the day, the world is now at high speed and long-term; at the end of the product, the focus is on the secondary high end of the national series of cuttings and above; at the end, the structure of the product is expected to continue to be upgraded; and at the end of the pipeline, the structure of the organization pushes to flatten and continues to be retail on the basis of the troupe;
At the end of the story, the provincial inner layout was initially completed, successfully breaking through the provincial capital market, waiting for a qualitative picture of the region outside the province.
In Jiangsu province, the Southern and Central Su regions did not perform as expected; Intra-provincial openings were not as fast as expected; and the present report was produced independently and objectively using legally compliant information, and the data and information used in the present report came from open information in the market, to which I refer.
The information and comments in the report are for information only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, accepted directly or indirectly for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.