We're in danger, the feed carrier is on the move.
• Increased competition in the feed industry, where companies' operations remained steadily growing, covering for the first time and giving a “buy-in” rating to the company as a large integrated feed business, starting with a mixed-food business, with major products such as aquatic and poultry feed, aquatic animal seedlings, animal health products and biological products, pig-breeding, etc.
The effects of the plague, increased competition in the feed industry, continued growth in the size of the company’s portfolio, the realization of operating income of 476.13. The revival of pig production, the recovery of the aquaculture industry and the prospect of continued growth in the company’s feed business.
The company has the leading purchasing, formulation, marketing and production operations, and the four capabilities are aligned flexibly, making it much more cost-controlled and efficient to operate than its peers, building the most competitive products in the industry. The company is set to be a service-oriented enterprise around farming, aiming to achieve win-win goals, focusing on high-quality customer resources, and working with clients.
Growing up, increasing their overall competitiveness, and increasing the value of corporate brands. The main feeder product lines are rich, and there are synergies between the operations.
In terms of the extension of the industrial chain, the company continues to develop seedlings, conservations, and pig-breeding operations around farming. The seedlings and conservation operations are well advanced to help raise the income of farmers. In 2019, the company signed a number of pig-breeding projects.
A partnership agreement could result in a cumulative increase of more than 4 million live pigs and an increase in corporate elasticity; synergies between operations and the company feeder industry have resulted in a sustained increase in contributions to the company ' s performance;1 and the feed industry, white horses, have taken the lead in launching a strategy for farming services.
The company is a company that collects research and development, production and marketing of aquatic feed, water feed blends and animal feed, as well as animal husbandry services. The company’s operations are mainly centred on products and clothing needed during animal farming, and its main products include aquaculture and animal feed, high-quality aquatic seedlings, animal health products and biology.
Products, pig farming, etc., cover the entire spectrum of activities such as research and development, design, production, marketing, and services, of which the production of aquatic and animal feed is the company’s most important business. The company has more than a thousand research and development groups and more than 280 national and international molecular companies.
1.1 In 1998, the company began to develop as a service company around the farming chain, starting with the hydroponic mix, while establishing the Guangdong Marine Livestock Research Centre, which is mainly responsible for research and development of the hydroponic mix.
Production and marketing, with the establishment of a branch in Lake Kita fish in the same year and the start of aquaculture co-production. In 2001, the company produced the highest volume of blends in the country and maintained its leading position in the industry.
In 2004, the company began to move into shrimp and poultry, and started to set up feed companies in China, South China, East China, and South-West to speed up the regional layout. In 2007, the company set up the Hewlett Farmer, the Hundred-Current Growling Company, and the Aquaculture Company.
The strategic orientation set up in the year was to upgrade from a technologically advanced to a service-oriented enterprise. On the one hand, it is based on the company-owned feed business, strengthening technical, procurement, production, human resources, etc., and, on the other hand, increasing research and development and management investment in high-quality seedlings, science-farming models and farming techniques, disease prevention and management.
In line with this strategy, the company achieved national sales of aqueous fodder, dynamic products and aquatic seedlings from 2010 to 2011. First, in 2013, the company acquired the Guangdong Modern Agricultural Group Institute, Guangzhou City, and the Homnibus Animal Medicines Company Ltd., which has been growing. On the 20th anniversary of the company ' s founding in 2018, the sale of feed has reached 10 million tons.
Business income is excellent at 42,153 million yuan. In-house, the quality of their products is constantly being sharpened, and the professional services required for the entire farming process (including high-quality seedlings, scientific farming models and technologies, dynamic conservation products, feed, mobile processing) are being shared with downstream farmers to ensure that they are profitable, while enterprises gain a long-term income.
(1998-2002) • Guangzhou Sea Daes, 1998 • Seamount, 2003
• November 2009, Sea • 2012, Seamount • 2018 Sea Big Group
The group was formed, and a successful landing at Shenzhena's Group Professional Center was established.
Tons, water feed sales, group strategic management can advance to South China.
From 2010 to 2011, the Rigid Model founded China's central government.
South China Aquatic Feeding by Region, South China, 2003-2005
• In 2013, the Sea Fair continued to grow at a high rate, with the formation of the Sea of Suzhou.
The Shrimp Enterprise and the collection of granules for inflated materials, the group acquired Guangdong, respectively.
Grand, Chengdu Sea, Modern Agriculture Group, Yooyang Hai Da, Taizhou.
Into the National Feeding House, Guangzhou City and Hai Da, Zhangjiang
It's a top five, it's aquarium, it's animal medicine, it's a feed business, it's a game.
The steps began to accelerate in China, where the seedlings were grown in China, South China, East China, South China, South China.
• In 2014, the Group of Turkey and other regional markets, southwest and southwest, were in contact with the rising dragons
“More determined marketing” • 2007: the establishment of Haiko and the creation of Viet Nam
Heung-chung, 100-colored seedlings, army overseas, seedlings operating.
The company’s core business is for fodder, which enriches the products and services provided to its customers on the basis of excavation and understanding of their needs, from feed to the development and production of veterinary medicines, vaccines and seedlings that add more value to the economy.
The extension of the industrial chain, the attempted entry of companies into pig farming and food processing, and the orderly development of the business model, which supports each other and develops together. The basic strategy for the future development of the company’s industrial chain is to scale up on the basis of specialization and extend the industrial chain on the basis of core competitiveness.
It is also active in the development of raw materials, conservation, seedlings, farming, circulation and food processing, and in the development of the company's industry-wide expertise in the chain and in the construction of a core competitive capacity in the chain of start-up industries.
1.2. Flexible use of equity incentive schemes and establishment of long-term incentive mechanisms Xuehua, founder of the company ' s physical controller and director of the listed company, has shares through investment in the Guangzhou City Haigu City, the investment platform holds 57.6 per cent of the shares of the listed company and the company ' s equity structure is stable.
Companies have developed equity incentive programmes based on different stages of development needs, and have built a robust talent ladder. Since the company was listed, three equity incentives have been introduced, in 2011, 2014 and 2016, and a core worker-share plan has been launched in 2017.
In doing so, it is necessary to deal with the management of operations in the areas of research and development, procurement, production, and asset management. In this context, there are higher demands on the ability of employees to work.
The firm’s strategic objective for development is to be achieved. The firm’s equity incentives are divided into four stages, with increasing flexibility.
Taking on the losses caused by falling stock prices can maximize the motivation to move staff, favouring companies that, in addition to seeking scale expansion, have higher demands on performance, adopting relatively conservative and restrictive equity incentives for those who have already gained equity options, and for those who have not obtained stock options.
(b) Phase III (2016-present): corporate development is gradually entering maturity, and companies need to continue to expand in size under the existing industry model, and there is a greater need for employees to grow together with companies and work towards larger development goals over the long term;
Companies have chosen only one form of restrictive stock incentives to provide greater stability for their long-term development; fourth tier (2017 to date): they have begun to implement a more flexible approach to core employee-holding schemes that can set performance targets and bind core staff and company interests in the longer term.
The annual compound increase in net profits achieved during the equity incentive period exceeded 21%, laying the foundation for the company ' s long-term development. According to the company announcement, the 2011 equity incentive scheme, which was influenced by the industry ' s recession in 2013 alone, fell short of the annual equity incentive plan, and in 2016 only the company ' s operating income and net profit growth rate after deduction did not meet the unlocking clause.
21.64 per cent. Through the establishment of well-established incentives, companies have achieved a cross-cyclical approach to management, R & D, business talent equity incentive plan for 2016, with 2015 as the base for assessing the net profit growth rate of the mother. 1.3. Clear organizational structure of the company and clear division of functions
The company has established specialized functional units at its headquarters, such as technical institutes, procurement centres, financial centres, factory operations centres, marketing centres, process and information management centres and human resources centres, which aim to achieve technical and managerial leadership in this area of expertise and provide technical and managerial support to regional, business and molecular companies.
It also provides integrated, professional management and service support.
The company's annual report for 2019 shows that the China-Global Group achieved operating income of 47.613 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 12.94 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 1,649 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 14.75 per cent in the same year.
The volume of corporate operating income and net parent profits has increased steadily, from $5.25 billion in 2009 to $47.613 billion in 2019, an increase of more than nine times the annual compound rate of 25 per cent, a steady increase in corporate business from 2009 and an overall expansion in the size of individual segments.
Eco-agents, agricultural products and trade revenues, which include seedlings, pig farming, poultry meat-processing operations, and trade income, which is dominated by the trade in feed raw materials. In 2019, the company sold over 12 million tons of feed, which resulted in an annual operating income of $574 million, an increase of 21.28 per cent compared to the previous year.
The advantages of procurement, volume procurement, and the current mix of procurement directly translate into the advantages of corporate trade, increasing profit growth points. In 2019, the raw material trade generated $5,199 million in sales earnings.
Figure 7: Māori for feed operations as a whole is stable and Māori for feed operations is higher. The Māori rate for companies has exceeded 10 per cent since 2017, and Māori for dynamic (microecological) operations has been the highest in major businesses, with an average Māori rate of 49.70 per cent over the last five years.
Māori performance in feed operations has been stable, except in 2016, when the weather affected by floods reduced demand for fodder, Māori rates, figure 9: Māori rates in dynamic insurance operations are high 2.2, demand sales are increasing at a significant rate, and high turnover of assets has led to high roe
From 2015 to 2019, according to the company’s annual reports, company feed sales increased from 6.3 million tons to 12.29 million tons, with a compound annual increase of 18%. A faster increase in poultry sales led to a rapid increase in company feed sales.
Figure 10: Rapid growth in the sale of company feed, Figure 11: High share of company aquaculture markets
The reason for this is that Big North and Tonway shares are dominated by the sale of higher rates of Maori pig feed and aquatic feed, and that new hopes are that the lowest rates are found in feed products, mainly because of the relatively large share of low rates of poultry in the company’s feed structure, which makes the overall public feed Māori rate low. The company’s Māori ratio is at a comparable level among companies and is stable from year to year.
The trend, thanks to the company’s comprehensive feed line, is that the company’s feed products account for a higher share of aqueous and animal feed than the same industry’s Roe. The company’s Roe is consistently above the industry’s average, except in 2013 when the industry was hit by low end consumption, bad weather, and an outbreak of livestock disease.
Corporate Roe levels have declined, and companies have maintained excellent Roe levels for the rest of the year. An analysis of companies and comparable public authorities in Dubon shows that companies are more profitable than industry averages, largely because of their high asset turnover, reflecting good company performance and sales capacity.
3.1. Professionalization of the links, the persistence of the “Four Ones” strong, 3.1.1, leading procurement, formulation, marketing capacity, which constitutes the company's product moating river. The purchase of raw materials directly determines the cost of production, with the company primarily adopting a centralized procurement model.
The main raw material for the company's feed products is powder, culinium and cotton. The purchases of raw materials account for more than 60% of the total purchases of raw materials.
Completing 10 per cent. Firms based on a centralized procurement model, with the Headquarters Procurement Centre harmonizing requests for quotations and selection of suppliers based on the procurement requirements of each molecule company, and centralizing negotiations with suppliers on behalf of the molecule companies to determine final terms and conditions of the transaction, with procurement contracts concluded by the procurement services of each user company with the supplier and supervised by the procurement centre
In the context of the centralized procurement model, cooperation between the procurement and sales and production links is essential, with company sales planned on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis, production plans and stand-alone requirements for the production chain, and eventually procurement programmes for the procurement sector, followed by centralized procurement.
Companies perform steady hedging through a combination of future and current procurement risk controls. Companies buy raw materials abroad, and companies need commodity hedging operations and foreign exchange hedging operations to mitigate the risk of price fluctuations of raw materials and currency depreciation risks to companies in cross-border procurement.
The impact of multiple factors, such as the international political and economic environment, increased uncertainty about currency fluctuations across countries, increased foreign exchange hedging by the company in 2018, and increased the maximum amount of security available for overall hedging. The public sector hedges are based on its own needs, without speculation, and stabilizing and effectively reducing the procurement process.
Quantified tests to create incentives for procurement staff. Companies apply two types of tests for procurement staff, routine priority project content management for procurement staff, and managers and above evaluate their procurement programmes and programmes.
A comparison of usage and market prices, together with the company’s final annual operating targets, budget and sales, should be quantified to the extent possible. Finally, the procurement staff should be given reasonable incentives based on quantified performance.
The raw materials database for pigs and chickens is more widely available at home and abroad, and there are less reports of the use of the raw materials for aquaculture, most of which are based only on the experience of technicians and are not supported by a systematic theoretical system. The raw materials database can help companies to adapt the ingredients in real time.
After many years of research and development, the company now owns major aquaculture animals, using databases and databases of ducks, ducks and raw materials, which provide strong technical support for the company's aquatic production as well as for feed and ducks and ducks, and for the development of fodder, which can be adjusted in real time in line with changes in raw material prices.
The company’s ability to sell and its per capita feed sales and income continue to grow. The chain of sales is a key part of the company’s business, with the company primarily adopting a marketing model that distributes plus direct sales, with an emphasis on localized marketing and fully organized distribution channels.
According to the company’s annual reports, the company’s per capita feed sales volume and sales earnings have continued to grow and its product sales have been more powerful. Corporate clients are of good quality and receivables are lower.
Growth, as the company has been demanding cash for feed plate operations without credit, accounts receivable as a share of operating income have remained at a flat low level. The average value of corporate accounts receivable as a share of operating income from 2011 to 2019 was only 2.24 per cent, but also a side-by-side reflection of the firm ' s sales team ' s stable partnership with downstream cooperative breeders and the farmers ' stable relationship.
Probability is stable and high-quality. 3.1.2, “4D” mechanisms to protect the protection of superior products. Product strength requires not only the support of these professional capabilities, but also the establishment of “4D” fast-track linkages.
Mechanisms, i.e., procurement staff are able to procure cost-effective raw materials based on the demand for formulations, and when procurement staff find that low-cost procurement opportunities exist for alternative raw materials on the market, the formulaner is able to adjust quickly, with product quality assurance, using a mix of materials with better value for money; market service personnel are able to communicate market demand clearly
Reprogrammers can also keep track of the farm production under the change in the feedback formula so that the formulaner can further optimize the formula in the light of the changes in the formula: internal operations can respond in a timely manner to the adaptation of the formula, ensure the production of the product under the different formulas, ensure the stability of the production process and be responsible for the cost of production.
The best value for money of the Division’s products reflects the strength of the company’s product power.
3.2.1 Service-based enterprises pool high-quality customer resources and develop faster than industry
Based on the above judgement of the industry and the company, the company began to transform in 2002 to consider providing technical support to the industry as a whole. At this stage, the company, while intensifying its research on feed formulations, raw materials, core additives, etc., is also beginning to focus on the longer term.
In 2006, the company defined a strategy for the development of service enterprises to create value for their clients, using the customer value first and foremost as a strategic choice. The company ensured that the farmers were able to provide them with support for products and technical services, such as seedlings, breeding models, environmental control, disease control, feed, and disease management.
With the most advanced farming techniques, it is possible to ensure the success and profitability of farm farming. In a few years, the company has begun its task of unifying ideas and changing attitudes. 2013: The industrial shrimp outbreak, the company maintained revenue collection, but net profits have declined, service strategies have been put to the test, and the industry has begun to fight the sea for services.
In a slightly questionable way, 2014: President Xuehua insisted that the service system must be patient and determined, and that only if it is sustained will there be a way forward and firm positioning of the company’s service-oriented enterprises. The company’s whole-of-a-lifetime farming and technology services, which effectively magnify the client’s earnings, increase the client’s stickyness, and the company’s development takes another step forward.
Year: The pig-breeding industry was plagued by African pigs, and in 2019 there was a need for a complete shift in the company's pig-powder business to service, and in the past there would be no room for purely marketing in the context of changes in industry size. In the future, companies will face more large farms, family farms, and more than 1,000 farmers, with clients demanding more services for products and comprehensive farming techniques.
High, companies need to be real farmers and provide a variety of services to keep the pigs healthy. The firm will be determined to provide a more stable service, replicating the experience of the farm service accumulated during shrimp disease, which has transformed the company as a whole from a feed product to a farmer providing a farm chain technical service.
Companies are constantly focusing, segmenting markets and customers to achieve “precision services.” The firm is based on a system of services, adequate market research, targeting of target markets, target channels and target farmers, and a much higher number of operators at the grass-roots level to serve farmers and running ponds than other companies in the industry, and will feed them through SMS platforms.
They provide basic information on seedlings, weather, new farming techniques, prices of raw materials, etc., while collecting and analysing up-to-date market information and directing farmers to produce according to demand.
The company now has a certain competitive advantage, and will continue its service-oriented business strategy to develop animal feed. The company’s sales service has reached 5,000 people, or 30% of the total.
In 2017, 5,000 people, or more than 30% of the total. After many years of development, companies have created experienced, knowledgeable and technologically overstretched teams of marketing services that have actively promoted changes in farm farming attitudes, shared profits with farmers, and improved customer recognition and consistency.
The company develops its own brand as it deepens the transformation of its services.
Reflecting the high price-fixing capacity of products, the impact of price-fixing patterns on companies’ products can be mitigated. At the same time, comprehensive farming technology services are important brand labels for companies that achieve mutually beneficial co-winners in the farming process, and support companies expand their branding influence to become important players in acquiring customers and increasing their viscosity.
Based on the firm’s strong product and service capacity, the company’s brand is recognized by the society. The company became the leading country-based agricultural production company, the National Enterprise Technology Centre, China’s manufacturing company, 500 strong, Forbes, “America’s top 50” company, and China’s listed company’s brand value is 100%. In 2019, it was established by the Qinghua University School of Economic Management.
For the second year in a row, the company rose to 34.3 billion yuan, up 30 per cent from 2018, and ranked third in the agro-pastoral sector after Winch shares and new hopes.
3.3 On the basis of core competitiveness, the subregion has steadily advanced the entire industrial chain. Companies have steadily expanded the industrial chain with feed as their centre. On the one hand, the company has broadened the industrial chain that enriches the core feed business and, on the other hand, extends the industrial chain, and has organized the distribution of high-quality aquatic seedlings,
Aquatic conservation products, animal vaccines, veterinary medicines, animal protection products, pig farming, etc. The company’s level of pre-mixing and additive sales is maintained at the country’s highest level on a yearly basis, and in view of deeper exposures to farmers, the company has begun to work with feed, making feed production and marketing the company’s main business and the company’s existing feed products well structured.
It involves aquaculture (fish, shrimp), poultry (kids, ducks), pork and specials (high-end inflated materials). For example, the company’s water plate, which extends the industrial chain to the protection of the animal feed product, then to the seedlings, each of which is better than the professional company. On the livestock chain, the company has steadily accumulated its competitive advantage in sedimentation.
Gradual development of the pig-farming chain, with its own development pace, continues to make the product extremely good, with its advantages, then the slaughtering, processing, and the construction of production chains from pig seedlings-feed-feed-motivation-farming-meat products. Companies do not venture into the layout and development of the chain, each of which takes years to expand.
From South China to the rest of the world, the regional layout continues to deepen its feed provinces. The company’s regional layout strategy starts with South China, which is gradually becoming more comprehensive in major farming areas such as China, East China, North China, and overseas markets such as South-East Asia.
According to data from the Chinese Association of Feeding Industries in 2019, there are more than 10 million tons of feed produced nationwide, 2 fewer than in 2019.
The region’s feed industry is well developed and the company’s revenues are also marketed. In 2020, $2.83 billion was released, adding 102 production lines, more than half of which are located in South and East China.
Figure 27: Regional patterns of corporate globalization
Low output growth in the feed sector has become the norm. According to data from the National Statistical Office, for the period 2008-2013, the country experienced a decline in the feed sector and the sector faced a combination. Figure 29: Slow growth in the country ' s feed production rate
According to data from the Chinese Association of Feeding Industries, forage production increased by 98.43% in 2008-2019 from 1,05.9 million tons to 2.101,400 tons;
4.1. The African pigpest accelerated the integration of the feed industry, water-stabilizing avian material grew faster, and industrial feed production and production fell faster throughout the country in 2019, and product restructuring accelerated. As a result of the African pigpest epidemic, the capacity of raw pig production declined, from 76,632,000 tons in 2019 to 26.6 per cent in the same year.
Ten thousand tons, or 4.44 per cent more than the same year, and 22.229 million tons of water feed production, or 0.3 per cent more than the same year. The concentration in the feed industry has increased further. In 2019, the country produced more than 1 million tons per year of feed enterprise groups. According to the country ' s 13th Plan, the number of feed businesses in China is projected to decrease to more than 3,000 by 2020, 100 per cent.
Demand will continue to grow as industrial feed penetration increases. Forage production in 2019 was about 220 million tons, and downstream pig farming, poultry farming and aquaculture were scaled up as per capita meat consumption increased steadily.
In Africa, the outbreak of swine fever has led to the withdrawal of a large number of households from farming, and the rate of industrial feed for pig-breeding is expected to rise significantly to 60 per cent, up from 45 per cent in the country’s 13th Plan, with a steady increase in poultry, due to the current high rate of industrial feed prevalence and the steady rate of increase in aquatic feed.
As the population's meat consumption continues to rise, the production of water products increases significantly, and environmental protection increases, advocating green aquaculture, industrial feed is expected to gradually replace fresh ice fish for feeding, and industrial feed demand is expected to increase significantly. Overall, we expect the country's industrial feed demand to exceed 250 million tons in 2025, with a compound annual increase starting from 2019.
2.66% of the product structure is highly competitive in the poultry sector, with larger markets for pig and aquatic materials. Data on meat production published in the Bulletin of the Bureau of Statistics are based on the ratio of aquaculture to fishing production in China in 2019, assuming 80% for aquaculture.
Weaving increases in meat production in developing countries; industrial feed prevalence is projected on the basis of the country’s 13th Five-Year Plan. 4.1.1, the aquaculture sector as a whole is on track, and companies are expected to increase their prices and demand for water products with higher protein content in 2020.
In 2019, 511.67 million hectares of fresh water were cultivated, including fish, shrimp, bells, algal and other marine life, and 2,013,700 hectares were cultivated in 2019.
Figure 33: Aquaculture production is higher than fish production Figure 34: Total aquaculture production is increasing steadily
In 2019, we produced 22.3 million tons of aqueous feed. In agricultural products, the aqueous feed contains fish, shrimp crabs and other special aqueous feed, which contains a wide variety of fish, including fresh fish and sea water. The regions of China, China and China are the main aquaculture areas. In 2018, the East China region was the largest source of water in the country.
And 4.8 million tons, which together account for about 88% of the country’s aquatic feed production. Companies cut in light assets, and the water feed structure continues to be optimized.
In the absence of assets, the company’s products demonstrate a high technical value, maintaining a national mix for several years. The first is that it then enters the phase of water production in conjunction with feed development, and, in the context of rising consumption, the demand for special water products and high-end water products of high nutritional value is rising, leading to a decline in the share of traditional fish, which companies have followed year after year.
Industry trends have continued to optimize the structure of aqueous feed products, resulting in a high Māori rate of fish forage sales at a faster rate than the overall increase in the company ' s aquatic feed, with the company achieving the same level of sales for water forage in 2018-2019, and a short-term warming of the prices of large stocks of fish, which is expected to drive the company ' s feed sales.
The increase in the supply of goods has been accompanied by two consecutive years of depressed general aquatic fish in 2018 and 2019, as well as declining bulk prices, with a marked drop in the prices of herds and shoals. Prices have been depressed for two consecutive years, leaving prices at the bottom of the spectrum, with average aquatic prices expected to reverse in 2020, driving companies to sell their water feed.
Environmental protection, with the introduction of the State ' s plan for water-farming and beach-painting, will place emphasis on the environmental aspects of aquaculture and limit the orderly development of the industry. At the same time, the demand for special water products and high-quality water products of high nutrient value is rising.
The annual compound increase in traditional fish is much lower than the annual compound increase in special aquatic fish, and the increase in demand for special aquatic fish will increase the size of the special aquatic feed. The per-cent gain will increase, and there will be a clear trend for future inflators to replace particulate matter.
Forage, the other one is inflated feed. Inflating makes the starch easier to digest and the proteins easier to use. As farming techniques improve, the bait coefficients decrease. Currently, with the raw feed of special fish predominantly fish from the sea, the supply of fresh ice fish is unstable, and high-end inflating is largely covered by special fish farming.
The low coverage is mainly due to higher inflation prices and lower sales of traditional fish. In practice, the use of inflated materials as the main feed for aquaculture has resulted in increased productivity in farming, offset by lower yields than the cost of farming, for example, in the use of corporate herb inflating materials.
Fifty per cent of the inflated farmers have an effect of $1197 per acre over 100 per cent of the inhabitants using granules. The future increase in the penetration of the inflated materials in general aquaculture will shift the aqueous feed from hard to inflated feed, which will gradually replace particulates in the future.
In the medium- and long-term, high-end inflated materials have a greater potential for growth, and companies are expected to benefit. In 2020, companies issued debt swaps, collecting 42 feed lines, which together account for 41.18 per cent of the total production line.
As the market demand for special water-inflated materials continues to grow, the company’s productive capacity is expected to benefit first. 4.1.2, the poultry business has been grinding for years, one-ton profits are high, African pigpest is increasing competition for poultry businesses, and future concentration is expected to increase.
In the first half of 2019, in order to survive a sharp drop in the demand for pig feed, a large number of pig feed businesses had to transform into competition for avian feed, which led to competition for avian feed. In the case of large pig-food companies, for example, the twins suffered from the scourge of the African pigpest, because of a single variety of feed.
As a whole, because of the full competition among poultry companies, large firms have acquired the cost advantage of size and long-term cooperative customers.
By contrast, it is expected that new firms will not be able to build up their advantages in the short term and that most of them will enter by lowering prices, which will increase intra-industry competition, cause losses for some of the technologically vulnerable enterprises and thus exit the market, allow the concentration of poultry in the company's poultry, which will later dominate the company, and support its superior performance with strong products.
In early 2014, the H7n9 pandemic hit the poultry industry and, in an effort to increase asset utilization, the company chose to develop a relatively small-impacted egg and duck feed. Animal feed grew by 19.10% in 2014 compared to the previous year, with poultry growing by more than 20% faster than pig feed.
In 2018, the company registered a significant increase in meat, duck, and goose stocks, with sales of 5.27 million tons of poultry, an increase of 19 per cent compared to the previous year. In 2019, the company ' s poultry sales continued to increase significantly.
Roads keep growing. Companies maintain a high rate of growth in the highly competitive poultry market, reflecting their advantages in terms of cost-control, operational efficiency, and service marketing patterns. 4.1.3. Pigs will benefit fully from increased pig production.
Slow recovery of pig production and gradual reduction of the negative effects of swine fever in Africa. Since 2019, the country has taken a number of strong policy measures to promote the resumption of pig production, the country has begun to improve in the fourth quarter of the year. In February 2020, the number of piglets has risen for five consecutive months, and the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic on pig production is on the way.
In February 2020, the number of piglets in the country rose by 3.4% from the previous September.
For the first time, the ring has been growing. Pig production is recovering, demand for pigs is expected to be reduced, and the negative effects of African pigpest are being phased out.
The focus has been on technology content and higher levels of Maori education and conservation materials, which are already more competitive in the market. The technological advances have been accompanied by the ability of companies to control the production of pig food to further improve the strength and stability of pig food products. In the future, companies are expected to replicate the development patterns of aquatic materials.
The company’s strong product R & D and service capabilities are growing in scale, and the development of pig-breeding and the extension of the pig-industry chain will also effectively boost the growth of the company’s pig feed.
4.2.1 Aquatic breeding and reproduction are strengthened, and seedlings are industrially industrialized. Research and development of seedlings are mutually reinforcing with the creation of industrial chains of aquatic feed.
Relatively manageable and standardized management models, especially with respect to shrimp breeding, have made a big breakthrough, with companies gradually starting to show their advantage in their own breeding systems. In the case of fish seedlings, companies have begun to target California beads, raw fish, seagulls, stone, and so on, building on the continued expansion of their breeding and production organization for species such as grassfish, shoals, shoalfish, raffles, yellow beaks, etc.
Three of the country-level breeds. After research and development, the company’s special aqueous feed, kinetic products, and the advantages of the industrial chain will be shared with the farmers.
4.2.2 Aquatic microecological agents continue to accumulate and dynamic conservation operations become new profit growth points Aquaculture green farming offers new development opportunities for companies. In recent years, the environmental protection of aquaculture and green farming have been highlighted and advocated at the national level, and in this context, companies have been constantly focusing on environmental protection.
The development of animal health products with low environmental impacts (including microecological agents, veterinary drugs, vaccines). In this case, microecological agents will be the backbone of the healthy development of Chinese aquaculture, and their use and prevalence will represent an innovation in aquaculture.
In addition, the company will strengthen its ability to provide holistic solutions to its clients in the marketing of animal feed and will gradually develop its livestock farming technology and animal vaccination systems, and increase research and development on veterinary medicines and vaccines in an effort to maximize the value of its customers.
Healthy business has become a new profit growth point for companies.
In line with policy trends, there is much to be done in the future. In 2012, the company moved into the field of pig farming and actively distributed it. In 2017, the Dolphin Department was set up to work on group pig-breeding and started a large number of pig-breeding operations. After the loss of the entire pig-breeding industry in Africa in 2019, the country suffered from the scourge of swine fever.
In keeping with the trend, in 2019, companies signed a number of strategic framework agreements for the production of modern-day pig farming, which will result in a cumulative increase of more than 4 million pigs. The company’s goal is to produce 5 million pigs annually by 2022.
Growing up, coupled with the establishment of a technology research system for corporate farming and the gradual landing of an information system for farm farming, further improvements in the efficiency of the company's farming and the sustainability of its contribution to the company's performance are expected to increase.5
In the short term, companies are expected to benefit from higher profits from pig-breeding operations, as well as improved demand for livestock and water products. Future companies are expected to maintain their high-speed performance with strong product and service capacity.
The cost of upstream raw materials has risen significantly, the risk of disease in downstream farming, the risk of natural disasters, the failure of companies to produce feed, and the failure of companies to produce pigs.