In October, the gas was sold in 462 thousand vehicles, 1.58 per cent more and the ring more.
6.31%. This month's stock of auto-owned brand sales has risen, making the best monthly sales in the next half of the year, and the same rate of improvement. At the end of last month, the new generation of gs5s made a big adjustment in shape, power, and configuration, with $111.17 million priced to fit the product line, and gs5 is expected to become the product line.
In October, the joint venture brand achieved a sales volume of 1,414,000 vehicles, an increase of 25.0 per cent over the previous month, an increase of 15.8 percentage points over the previous month, and a 6.5 per cent decline in the ring.
This month, the sales volume of Honda was 754 thousand, up 9.6% from the same year, and the ring was up 8.2% from the same month, up from 2016. The coronary recall effect began to decrease, Honda was emerging from the oil-gate incident, while Yakaku’s sales recovery became an increase in Honda’s sales.
One of the main reasons for this is the sale this month of 555,000 Toyota vehicles, an increase of 67 per cent over the previous month, which was significantly higher than in the previous month, mainly because of the low base for the same period.
Sales are stable, and the double-car type is a point of growth. Wide-air Mitsubishi sales of 10.5 million, in line with the expected solar-wide growth period. Overall, the wide-volatile solar-car products are better sold in October and have the potential to continue rising.
BG (601238.sh): Autonomous, joint ventures have increased the volume of new energy buses sold less than last month.
A decrease in monthly sales, with a cumulative sales of 4,676 vehicles, will be of greater significance for the expansion of the new energy passenger vehicle operations of the Volkswagen Group. A reduction in the daily relationship will result in demand release.
The suv market was in decline; the solar system and new energy sources were growing less than expected.