Autonomous brands have yet to be strengthened, and joint venture profits have been strongly contributed: on October 30, 2018, the company disclosed its tri-quarter 2018 report. The company achieved business income of $52.8 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 2.79%.
In the second half of the year, there was a marked slowdown in the automobile market, increased competition in the market and a certain impact on the company’s performance. As a result of the strong growth in solar joint ventures such as Toyota, companies achieved investment returns of $7.67 billion, an increase of 12% over the same period, and joint venture profit contributions continued to grow strongly.
\triangleright is 4.88% long. Sales are growing at a better rate than industry, but they're falling more sharply.
With a brand-new brand-up of best-selling cars, the previous three quarters saw a 32.31 per cent increase in the volume of Mitsubishi sales. Wide-blown Honda has grown steadily. Joint ventures have grown steadily, and they have been made public. The Volatility of the 20880607 Broad Gas Group (601238.sh) is one of the typical representatives of the rise of a strong autonomy, and we maintain the company's “growth” rating.
Risk factors: the risk of a slowdown in the automobile market; the design of top-level policies in the automobile industry exceeded the expected risk.
In Beijing, the 9th House of the City of the West Side, 9th Hall of the City of Mt. was published in a well-known European-American journal, such as Journaloportfoliomanage, journalftrading, which was published in Fung Seong, a research assistant in the automobile industry, served as a well-known car manufacturer in the upper gas group, Gilly, etc., seven years of strategic research, market research, product planning, and joined the Sunda securities in June 2017 for automobiles.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.