In September, the company published sales data for September, and the group produced 19.36 million cars in September 2018.
The cumulative production of 1,583,000 vehicles per month, an increase of 7.58 per cent over the same period, and the cumulative sale of vehicles in January-August, have generally performed well in September, with the Japanese joint venture Toyota and a better growth in the new energy passenger vehicle in cooperation with Yadi.
The suv market is under pressure to compete directly with a wide-gas autonomous product, selling 434,000 vehicles by car in September, an increase of -6.06 per cent in the same year and 3.3 per cent in the ring. Each of the autonomous brand manufacturers is under greater pressure to grow over the same period, given the high base.
In May of the year, the suv market went down at the same rate, putting an end to seven years of high growth. In our view, the suv and the car market pattern were based on a pattern.
As a result, the suv growth dividend has faded and internal competition has increased in the future. Car models such as wide-breeding gs4 are very competitive in the suv area, and the market is expected to boost sales.
In September, the joint venture brand achieved a sales volume of 15.13 million vehicles, a 9.24 per cent increase in the same year, and the ring conglomerates (601238.sh): autonomous, joint ventures increased the price of oil, and solar joint brand sales increased.
With better face control, according to the Wind industry, the price of the national gasoline market rose from $705/ton per year to $9434/ton, and the increase in oil prices contributed to a certain increase in the volume of solar cars. In September, Toyota sold 608,000 vehicles, an increase of 48.36 per cent compared to the previous year, with the main car Camerry.
The growth is significant, and the subsequent growth is expected to continue, with the Hankanda growth robust; Honda's sales of 697 thousand vehicles, 3.87% more than the previous year, 26% more around the ring; Yakaku's growth, robust flying, and Odyssey's signs of exposure are beginning to show. The recall effects are beginning to decrease: Mitsubishi sales are 11,400.
On the whole, there is an upturn in the product of the Volcano, with a more abundant reserve of new money, which will continue to grow in response to domestic oil price trends.
This month, the new energy vehicles that the BG works with Biadi sold 1,984 and cumulatively 3,665 are more significant for the BG’s expansion of its new energy passenger vehicle operations. The suv market has declined; solar and new energy sources have not grown as fast as expected.