29 August 2019: In recent days, the Bank of Beijing published its performance for the first half of 2019, generating business income of $32,742 million over the reporting period, representing an increase of 19.64 per cent over the same period; belonging to the parent company ' s shares
The net profit of the Bank of Beijing (601169.sh) was 12,869 million yuan, an increase of 8.56 per cent in the same year; the net profit per share was 0.61 yuan, an increase of 8.92 per cent in the same year; the negative rate of 1.45 per cent for the company, compared to the annual reserve provision, increased the net interest difference by a small increase of 19.64 per cent and 8.56 per cent in the same year as the net profit of the parent in the first half of 2019.
It is worth noting that net profits increased by 24.7% before the provision was made during the same period, achieving faster double-digit growth. The main contributing factors to the increase in net profits were the growth in the size of interest-bearing assets, the increase in investment returns and the increase in net interest differentials, while the significant increase in the provision was 52.4%, which was a drag on net profits, due to an increase in the size of high-yield clients’ loans and increased bargaining power.
In the first half of 2019, the corporate deficit rate was 1.45%, down by 1 bp from the end of 2018, but, by comparison, the corporate non-performing loan rate was 1.40% by the end of the first quarter of 2019, and the overall asset quality pressure is still in place. But it is worth noting that the company’s interest in the loan migration rate is, in our view, much more significant as corporate pressure to make provision for countervailing profits is reduced as asset quality improves.
Improved Asset and Liabilities Structure, Focusing on Improved Asset Quality. Business-led spreads, and increased capacity of financial science and technology services. During the reporting period, companies took advantage of online operations to speed up the flow of public loans, retail loans, anti-fraud platforms, Mid-Coupled Performance, Asset Quality Savings, 2018.09.04.
The wind-control model platform was built to comprehensively promote co-lending, loan lending and self-building on-line projects, reaching $14.1 billion on-line by the end of June, newer than at the beginning of the year.
In the first half of the year, the balance of financial loans for technology was $152.6 billion, breaking the $150 billion mark and setting up a new logo for financial services for technology.
$1.13 to maintain the company's “increase” rating.
Risk factors: (a) the macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected, affecting asset quality; (b) the cost is rising too fast, affecting profit levels. (Comparation of industries) Since July 2014, the financial sector has been in charge of research. (Having a multi-dimensional experience of international and domestic research, macro-strategy, industry, etc.) and other mainstream media, such as Xinhua.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.