The Beijing Bank was established in 1996 as a central and external capital integration unit.
Events: 1h19 published by the Bank of Beijing on 27 August: net profit of 12.2939 billion yuan, yoy+8.6%; new equity banks collected. Currently, they are in Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Xian, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Changsha, Nanjing, Jinan,
There are more than a dozen central cities in Nanchang, Shijia, Urumqi and Hong Kong and the Netherlands, with more than 650 branches, which generate a significant increase in income in the first half of the year.
There has been a significant increase, with major contributors sustaining steady growth on scale and widening net income differentials. q2 quarter income growth slowed down.
Line 3bp. The main contribution of the lower interest-bearing liability rate is the lower cost of the peer liability; the savings-deposit rate is slightly higher. The lower rate of return on interest-bearing assets is mainly the result of the higher rate of return on the loan, or is related to the higher rate of return in the first half of the year when credit resources tend to be retailed in favour of the higher rate of return, with an increase in the lending ratio (up to 30 per cent per cent per loan in late June).
The increase in deposits in the first half of 19 years has exceeded the 18-year increase in savings. Molecular end, loan impairment losses have dropped by 4.0% on the same year, poor asset write-off disposal has not increased significantly, negative balances have not increased, science and technology financial services are growing, and the share of cultural financial markets remains first in the capital.
In the first half of the year, the balance of cultural and financial loans increased by 21% compared to the beginning of the year, and an action plan for financial services was issued.
Investing in innovation, customer identification, risk management, etc., promotes innovation, strengthens innovation in research and development, establishes North Bank financial technology companies, and focuses strongly on value orientation and promotes mobile priority strategies.
The annual net profit growth rate of 8.3 per cent/8.7 per cent corresponds to the equity price of $8.06, “highly recommended” rating.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
A forward-looking investment analysis by the Research and Banking Unit.
East Hing Securities Co. reported Beijing Bank (601169): deposits are growing better and bad recognition is tightening.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.