Events: 30 March 2020, tcl technology published its 2019 annual report, with business income of 57.270 billion yuan, an increase of 18.7 per cent over the previous year; tcl technology (000100.sz)
The net profit was 3.56 billion yuan, an increase of 0.53 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies was 2.62 billion yuan, a decrease of 17 per cent over the same year. In 2019, the industry turned back and tcl technology was restructured and light-loaded.
The firm’s business orientation was defined with science and technology as its core. After the reorganization of its asset performance, in 2019, the company completed a business income of $57,270 million, an increase of 18.7 per cent, compared with $16,115 million, an increase of 17.48 per cent, due to the fourth quarter of the year, and a net return of $40 million, compared to $994 million, from the third quarter of 2018. The firm’s fourth quarterly net profit decline was mainly due to 19 years, which showed a steady decline in panel prices to historical lows, with only 6.51 per cent for q4 Mäori, although it is noteworthy that industry.
At the same time, the quality of assets and the quality of operations following the tcl reshuffle has improved significantly. In a probative caliber, the firm’s asset liability rate fell from 68.4% in late 2019.
\triangleright upgrades with technological innovations, and then breakthroughs with thick thin hair. (1) Energy upgrades: the g8.5 generation lines of t1 and t2 are fully out of production in the company lines; t3g6 is extended from 45k/month to 50k/month; t6g11
Production will be completed early in 19 years and will be completed this year; the t4g6 flexible-led production line will also be delivered in December and will be completed in phases II and III this year; the t7g11 production line will progress as planned and will be operational by the end of the year, laying the foundation for performance growth.
At the same time, the share of high-value-added products, such as commercial displays, cars, electronic games, etc., continues to rise, with strategic collaboration with clients such as vision sources, Hong Kong, Biadei, Unions, etc.
In large-scale areas, tcl technology has consolidated the advantages of the application of hva technology to high-end products at lcd, raising the share of 4k/8k products. The global launch is based on mini-ledonglass.
The ltps production line has reached international-class levels, the incell/cof/blind product ratio has continued to rise, while high-end display technology, such as fingerprinting under screens, screen cameras, etc. Equipment and materials: the subsidiary Guangdong-Wunghua has launched a 31-inch 4-krgb volume print-in-led prototype, and ink-printing flexible prototypes. Mr. Hwang has developed more than 700 new materials, more than 30 of which are in the middle-test phase and some of which are in the mass production phase. qled research and development team has broken through the red green.
Key issues, such as the useful life of materials, are the number of patents in the field of quantum dot luminous areas that are the second highest in the world.
In the previous report, we had read the warming trend in the domestic tv market in February. And the market in March was largely stable, and China’s online market is now growing at around 30% a week, and the under-line market is still weak, but it is already large.
But the current market is more concerned about the effects of the epidemic abroad. Research into the electronics industry is believed to have dropped the local tv sales ring by about 45% in the first week after the closure of the city. Moreover, the largest consumer electronics chain in Europe closed in mid-March, affecting the end sales as well.
The Western European market tv sales are expected to decline by about 20% in the second quarter. The year-round decline will be in the median.
In addition, Samsung announced an entirely new exit plan, which will shut down all of the ccd screen lines in 2020. The market had previously expected only Samsung to withdraw from its tv production capacity in Korea by 2021. This shift out of production capacity is far beyond market expectations, both in size and pace. We expect this to lead to investment proposals in 2020 and 2021: tcl has significantly improved the quality of its assets and operations since it was restructured, while companies have actively promoted the upgrading of production capacity, with new production lines t4 and t7 in place.
We believe that, while the epidemic will have short-term effects on sales of tv, demand-side declines may be better than market pessimistic expectations, and that subsequent price elasticities will be better when the lower industrial chain stock is historically low. At the same time, the long-term logic of Korea’s exit remains unchanged.
Risk factors: corporate client growth is not as high as expected; new technology development and capacity-building has slowed; the epidemic has been too long and the price of the lcd panel has fallen dramatically.
Figure 2: Performance of PV from China, 2012-2019, Figure 3: Analysis of tcl science readiness (millions) Figure 4: Analysis of tcl science readiness net profit (billions)
Figure 6: Analysis of China's optical output (millions of pieces) Figure 7: Rate of cost of tcl science and technology preparation
Figure 8: Turnover days due for tcl science and technology preparation, Figure 13: tcl science and technology research and development inputs (millions of yuan) Figure 14: tcl science and technology patent aggregates
Fang Jing, a leading student at the Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, and has foreign experience in the field of semiconductors and consumer electronics, including Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also known in the country as the semiconductor business that hatched in 19; the Crystal Ball 2/3 in 18/19; and the Golden Bull Award 3/2 in 18/19 in the electronics sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.