22 June 2020: on 19 June, a tcl technology subsidiary, tcl, signed an investment agreement with Joled, to be awarded 30 billion yen (approximately 2 billion yuan) to Joled.
tclTechnology (000100.sz) is invested, while both sides will carry out in-depth technical cooperation in the field of inkjet printing. \triangleright
Lead a new generation to show technological developments and promote deeper cooperation in the field of ink-jet printing. After this investment, tcl-Star will become an important strategic shareholder in the field of joled printing, and the two sides will undertake a three-year joint development in the field of ink-printing, using their respective technical advantages in the field of semiconductors of oxides, printing of oled devices, printing processes, ink-materials, ir-drop, softness and compensation; and cooperate in the design and manufacture of large-scale ink-printing-led devices to achieve ink-jet-printing.
tcl. Technologies were deployed earlier in the print field. In 2014, the company ' s co-founders, such as Tian Ma Electronics, and higher schools, such as the South China University of Technology, established Guangdong China Print Display Technology Ltd. to develop printing and flexible display technology. To date, Guangdong-hwa has established national innovation in the country ' s display field.
In 2019, the company successfully developed a global 1st 31st ink printing h-qled display, and developed a global 1st 31st ink ink printing flexible prototype. The company was also very successful in the material field, and for the first time it synthesized very high global efficiency blue Quantities material; it also launched an autonomous ip-red, green light material, which is internationally advanced.
In 2015, Joled was set up by the U.S. Department of Led under the banner of the Japanese front desk, namely, Sony, Panasonic.
In December 2017, Joled completed the first print panel (21.6 inches, 4k) for the production and development of the olid panel.
The collaboration helped to reduce the risk of R & D and industrialization of key technologies and equipment in the print and flexible display of ink sprays, leading the way to the next generation of s.150519090003.
Shows technology and further enhances the competitiveness of the industry in the global semiconductor. > Production capacity continues to rise, and industry status continues to rise. At present, companies t1, t2 and t6 remain fully productive in large sizes and operate more efficiently globally in the industry; t3 is now fully productive in small and medium sizes. t4 and t7 projects are well under construction. t4 projects will reach 15k capacity and 2021 capacity by the end of this year.
At the end of the year, 45k capacity will be achieved. Project 7 will be operational by the end of 2020. As the capacity grows, tclTechnology will cover the full mainstream size of the application area, meet the specific technical and specifications needs of various industry applications, further upgrade the corporate industry and generate efficiency and profitability.
On the demand side, the domestic economy is now recovering and the tv market is rebounding and stabilizing; the United States market is being pushed by subsidies.
Now, the largest subline electronics chain in Europe is still open in time, but public shopping is extremely popular. French television sales grew by 67% on the same week as the 20th.
In addition, because of the strong demand for the panel, the supply of some of the production energy from LCD to t, the supply of the lcdtv panel will actually decline more dramatically. Under a demand-supply symbiosis, the panel will open the next round of price increases! 2021.
The accelerated exit of Korean factories and the delay in the expansion of some of the manufacturing capacity will also optimize the competition structure of large-scale panels. As the double-deep market occupancy of the panels rises, the cyclicality of the industry is significantly reduced, and the price volatility of the panels will be significantly slower and the pattern will be better in the long run.
Investment proposals: tcl-star-fundedjoled and technical cooperation will strengthen the company’s leading edge in a new generation of technology displays and enhance the tcl-star’s ability to demonstrate industry competitiveness in a global semiconductor. Warm demand and Korea’s capacity to produce will also improve the supply-demand relationship. The accelerated shift of the industrial chain to the mainland will not change, and we firmly view the growing competitiveness of national production poles under the optimal pattern of panel competition.
Risk factors: corporate client growth is not as high as expected; the pace of development of new technologies and capacity-building is slowing; the epidemic is taking too long and the price of the lcd panel has fallen significantly. \triangleright Figure 2: Changes in domestic sales of tv on a par
Figure 3: Change in sales of tv in the United States, Figure 4: Change in sales of tv in selected European countries, Figure 6: Per capita receipts of tcl technology (millions of dollars)
Figure 7: Tcl Science and Technology Inventory and Cash Flow Days
3rd place in the new wealth electronics industry in 19; 2rd place in the electronics sector in Crystalball in 18/19; and 3nd place in the electronics sector in the Golden Bull Award in 18/19.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, 2020, joined the Sunda Securities Institute to conduct research in the electronics sector. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for a portfolio of portfolio investment advice approved by the China Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is provided only to specific customers and is not intended for the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.