On April 29, 2020, tcl technology published a quarterly report for 2020. Within the examination caliber, the company completed its business income of 13.79 billion yuan, an increase of 15.3 per cent, and tcl technology (000100.sz)
In addition, the company issued a public announcement to purchase 39.95% of the shares in Wuhanhua and to raise matching funds. \triangleright
While the production of the medium- and small-sized t3tps and t4amoled production lines in Wuhan is well under way, plant-level control initiatives, employee welfare and additional costs, as well as the flow of productive logistics, have led to an increase in current operating costs.
In large measure, companies t1, t2 and t6 have remained fully productive in the first quarter, and have been able to release their capacity continuously, reaching 1,191 million tablets, an increase of 26.8% compared to the previous year; as the product structure has evolved in a larger measure, sales have reached 6.8 million square metres, an increase of 58.4%.
On a small scale, the t3ltps and t4amoled production lines in Wuhan remain operational, but their sales and sales have declined as a result of the epidemic. The company t7 project is continuing, and, as of 31 March, the main plant was finished with a clean house.
In February, the company changed its name to “tclTechnology Group, Inc.”; in March, the company ss150051990003.
In the future, the company will continue to focus on high-tech, capital-intensive, long-cycle strategic and emerging industries, and upgrade industrial financial capacity to support business development. In the first quarter, the company increased its share in Shanghai Bank to 5.33%; the company also completed its first-level market project investment of $120 million.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. Business low-yielding profitability. cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
On the demand side, a lifestyle based on long-distance interaction promotes the development of multi-application displays of terminals and content, leading to the creation of family smart screens, electric competitions, educational panels, meeting boards, etc.
In terms of supply, domestic panelers have built efficiency and scale advantages over the past few years, the epidemic has accelerated the exit of overseas manufacturers and the shift of the industrial chain to China. Three stars will be cut off in 2020 from all of the lcd large-screen production lines, and the extent and pace of the withdrawal of the current production capacity is far beyond market expectations. We expect this to lead to supply in 2020 and 2021.
At present, the domestic epidemic is under control, and the overseas epidemic has eased. Global demand is expected to warm back in late May or early June.
The purchase of Chinese equity, the focus on major resources, and the promotion of shareholder returns: the announcement by listed companies that they intend to purchase 39.95% of Wuhanhua stock in the form of shares, convertable company bonds and cash payments, the price of which is $4.01/equity, the advance valuation of Wuhanhua stock and the proposed price. The total amount to be raised is not more than $2.6 billion. The purchase of Wuhanhua minority shares by listed companies in this transaction will help listed companies to further strengthen their ownership and focus on excellence.
At the same time, based on the successful operating experience of the listed companies t1, t2, the Wuhanhua 13 project is expected to generate faster profits in the coming period, contributing to a higher level of net profits for listed companies and higher shareholder returns. Investment proposals: after restructuring, the quality of the assets and operations of tcl technology has improved significantly, and the upgrading of production is continuing, with new production lines such as t4 and t7 falling in an orderly manner.
We believe that while the current epidemic has had a short-term impact on sales of tv, domestic sales are on the rise, and there is hope for improvement abroad, and that the current stock of industrial chains is historically low, followed by good price elasticity. At the same time, the long logic of Korea’s exit remains unchanged, and industry’s return on investment is expected to move up-to-date and continue to improve.
Risk factors: Corporate client growth is not as high as expected: new technology development and capacity-building has slowed down; the epidemic has lasted too long and the price of the lcd panel has fallen sharply. Figure 1: tcl Science and Technology Energy Structures is building t7, Huezhou Star II and the Indo-China Star Module to expand the production capacity of large-scale, high-end products and global supply
t7igzo/8k/Commercial display • New high-end tv & commercial panel production line
· Monthly production capacity of 105k, with investment of 42.7 billion, 2021 • primary production in 2019 40 million LCDs per year — 2nd stage in 2021, LCDs 20 million per year
Model factory, Chinese star, invests $1.530 billion in production by 2020
Bash doesn't want you: iul bamboo rights, followed by this example and the following figure: tcl operating income from technology (millions of yuan)
Figure 3: Tcl Technology per capita revenue (US$ 10,000) Fulbright, Xian University of Electronics and Technology, which has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, has worked overseas with foreign companies such as Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics industry chains. It is also known in the country as the semiconductor business that hatched in 19 in the new wealth electronics industry; crystal ball, 18/19, in 2/3 in the electronics sector; and the Golden Bull Award, 18/19, in 3/2 in the electronics sector.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.