On May 31, 2020, tcl Science and Technology released a report on issuing shares, converting corporate bonds and paying cash to buy assets and collecting matching funds.
tclTech (000100.sz) reports that the company plans to raise $2.60 billion in shares and convertable bonds and to pay $1.617 billion in cash for the purchase of 39.95% of all Wuhanhua Star shares produced by Wuhan.
Introduction of strategic investors to protect long-term development. The company intends to invest \triangleright in Wuhan production with 39.95% of its holdings in the form of undisclosed shares and convertable company bonds to raise funds and pay cash. (1) The company negotiates with Wuhan to determine the price of the bid for $4.217 billion, of which the shares are to be issued.
It is proposed to pay 14.23% of the trade price by issuing convertable corporate bonds, i.e. $600 million, $300 million, the Pearl Triangle Optimization Development Fund not to subscribe to more than $900 million, and the He will invest in the purchase of convertable corporate bonds not to exceed $1.400 billion. Trading in each other’s long-term investments, Hesseng’s investments and the Pearl Triangle Optimization Development Fund is controlled by Guangdong Heung Ken Investment Holding Limited.
State-owned capital operators and production integration platforms have a wealth of industrial investment experience. The introduction of long-term management holdings as strategic investors in companies will allow both sides to cooperate in depth around the new demonstration of technology industries and contribute to the long-term healthy development of the company’s business.
The acquisition of China Star stock plus t3 technology has increased the performance of the aid company. Wuhanhua Light Technology Ltd. was founded in May 2014 and began with tclStar \triangleright 1500520030001
After a number of capital injections and equity transfers, tcl-Star held 45.55% of the share of Wuhanhua Star before the deal. After this delivery, tcl technology will hold 85.50% of the shares of Wuhanhua Star, directly and indirectly.
At present, Wuhanhua Star is mainly engaged in the development and operation of the t3 project, which began construction in September 2014 and currently has a capacity of 50 k/month. In 2020, t3 will be able to increase its capacity to 53k/month. t3 will be used to produce high-end mobile phones and mobile pc panels with the technical content and birth of the ltps products it produces.
The dollar will rise to US$0.1959 (+1.24%), and the profitability of listed companies and market competitiveness will increase. In the coming years, with advances in Wuhanhua technology, optimized product composition, and improved equipment performance, the combined Māori ratio of Wuhanhua will increase significantly, with revenue and net profits rising from year to year.
Sunda Securities Inc., China Star will contribute 13.940 billion yuan to listed companies, contributing 865 million dollars in net profits, and 2,713 million dollars in free cash flows.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of the city of Beijing, where the quality of operations continues to improve with the concept of extremely efficient costs. For the time being, companies t1, t2 and t6 remain fully productive in large sizes and operate efficiently within the industry.
By the end of 2020, the company’s t4 project is expected to produce 15 k. On 30 April, the t7g10.5 large-sized lcd project successfully completed its first Cvd, pvd, and the exposure machine, which will be operational by the end of 2020. With the production of capacity, tcl technology will cover the full mainstream size of the application area, meeting the technical and specifications specifics of the application clients of the various industries.
On the demand side, the global spread of new coronary pneumonia has had a significant impact on tv demand. On the demand side, domestic economic and consumption demand is now recovering, with the corresponding increases in line sales per week in April 2020 of 12.80%, 101.10%, 5.10%, and respectively, 12.80%, 101.10%, and 5.10%.
45.80%; North America and Western Europe are resuming work, and the consumer market is warming from the low valley. On the supply side, the spread of the epidemic has depressed the profit margin of the producers, increased the profitability of the plants and increased the pace of output exit. Since April, when the price of the panels fell, the decline has narrowed month by month, with 32 inches, for example, and the June rounder price has been reduced to $1, and the prices are expected to fall to the bottom.
The accelerated shift of the industrial chain to the mainland has not changed, and we firmly view the growing competitiveness of the country’s leading firms under the optimal pattern of panel competition. Risk factors: corporate customers are not expanding as expected: the pace of new technology development and capacity-building slows; the epidemic lasts too long and the price of the lcd panel has fallen dramatically.
Table 1: Changes in tcl ' s share in technology before and after the transaction: Figure 1: The pre-trading Wuhanhua equity structure: Figure 2: The post-trading Wuhanhua equity structure
tcl technology from Hubeiko. Guangdong Treasure Trust.
Wuhan Production, National Open Fund tcl Waxing
Figure 3: Wuhanhua contributing revenue and net profits to listed companies (millions of dollars) Figure 4: Wuhanhua contributing net profits and free cash flows to listed companies (billions)
Figure 5: Prices of panels by size, January to June 20 (United States dollars) Figure 6: Changes in prices of tv by size, January to June 2020 (United States dollars) Figure 8: Weekly sales of television in the United States market, 2020 (million) and year-on-year
Figure 7: China’s share of sales in the coloured electricity market is equal, Xian University of Electronics and Technology is well-researched, and has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, with foreign companies’ work abroad, such as Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics industry chains. It is also the country’s famous semiconductor business that hatched in 19 years in the new wealth electronics industry; crystal ball, 18/19, with 2/3 in the electronics sector; and the Golden Bull Award, 18/19, with 3/2 in the electronics sector.
In 2017, he joined the Sunda Institute of Foreign Studies in the field of electronics. Li Xiaoqing, a Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, joined the south-west securities in 2018, joined the Sunda securities in 2020, and became familiar with the semiconductor industry. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sunda securities in 2020 and worked in the electronics sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.