Innovative Technologies and Business Services Research Centre
Large-scale panels are growing against the wind, waiting for the recovery of the q3 industry.
15.3 per cent of the net profit from the return of mothers was $410 million, a 46.9 per cent decline in comparison with the four-quarter round increase of $370 million in small-sized module production capacity, which fell slightly in relation to the impact of the epidemic, with large-sized products reversible: the company ' s small-sized production lines t3 and t4 were concentrated in Wuhan and hit by the epidemic, especially after cell phones
The production capacity of the modules was affected by delays in the resumption of work by personnel, resulting in lower utilization of the production capacity of the modules, a decrease of 2.1 to 2.95 billion in inches of operational income on a year-on-year basis, a decrease of 25.4 per cent in single-quarters and a decrease of 37.6 per cent in volume, but small-sized products due to the import of high-end pen electricity and vehicle-borne products.
Structural optimization is evident, with an 8 per cent increase in unit prices per panel. Large sizes, due to the addition of t6 production lines at q1.
"Fostering technology and materials, tcl technology giants: 2020 was a crucial year for the company's soft mind to enter its client base, and the company's capacity is now available.
We're in a steady slope, and we've started to make bulk deliveries to millet 10 and Motorola, and so on.
4. The tcl group of allin display panels - tcl collects 39.95% of Wuhanhua shares held by the billion repurchasers. Since the ltps and amoled mobile panels and high-end pen electricity lines contribute to Wuhanhua, they can buy back shares.
tclStar benefits from accelerated concentration in the panel industry, and the supply and demand sector is expected to recover at q3: the outbreak abroad has accelerated the production of the Korean factory, lcd, and this time the tristar and lig combined will be out of the picture.
At the demand side, domestic demand for tv is recovering, overseas uncertainty is higher, and some downstream customers are starting to cut down. But panels, whole machines, and channels are more healthy, and the epidemic has dramatically increased demand for sub-pane panels, and some parts of the country are already counting.
Reconstructed in May-June, the plant started to be ready in May-June, demand was marginalized and end-of-life capacity was expected to decrease significantly in the third quarter, and supply and demand marginal improvements would boost the price of the panel back up.
The industry is expected to start recovering in q3.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment