tclTechnology (000100) Electronics has long been gaining ground in the industry, leading by far the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: companies achieved RMB 57,270 million in 2019, an increase of 18.7 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers was RMB 2,622 million, a decrease of 17 per cent in the same year. Of this, tcl star achieved RMB 33.99 billion, an increase of 22.9 per cent in the same year; net profit was RMB 960 million, a decrease of 58.5 per cent in the same year, of which q4 lost a loss in the first quarter.
The loss of $340 million is mainly due to the continuing downside of 19-year large-size panel prices. Large-scale operations: long-term growth of the industry has improved, tcl. tcl is growing steadily. The panel industry was in a downward cycle in 2019, and large-sized products of the company were still arriving in the area (2.82 million square metres, yoy+19.1 per cent) and out.
The two-fold increase in the volume of goods (41.95 million pieces, yoy+5 per cent), but the public plant continues to be fully operational due to the sharp fall in the prices of its main products, the t6 plant has reached production early in 19q4, the construction of t7 has been well under way and is expected to be operational by the end of 2020. In 2020, the supply and demand structure of the industry has improved as the Korean plant continues to withdraw from its production capacity as planned.
q1 prices have rebounded to a certain degree, and the epidemic is now having a greater impact on the demand side, thus increasing the short-term uncertainty about panel prices, but we believe that industry development is going up in the long run, and that the profitability of China’s small and medium-sized businesses is expected to continue to improve.
In 2020, the company will continue to upgrade the technology of the ltp and soft aoled products, actively expanding new markets and high-quality customers, t3 workers.
• Enhancement of technological and product innovation capabilities, active deployment of new displays of technology and materials. In semiconductor areas, companies have now moved from technology to technology leading development, and firms have accelerated in semiconductor displays.
technology layouts and inputs. In the large-scale area, the layout is mainly centred on the next generation of technical print-led and miniled technologies: advanced high-end applications in the small- and medium-sized area to expand the ltps-lcd application landscape and amoled folding screens, underscreen cameras, etc.
1.tcl Group (000100): renamed "tcl technology" to open a new course for technology enterprises (2020-01-14)
4.tcl Group (000100): The liquid crystal panel industry is exposed to the bottom assuming that 1: the t1, t2 and t6 production lines will continue to be fully operational for the next three years, t3 production lines will be completed in 20 years, t4 production lines will be successfully built and capacity will increase steadily, and t7 production lines will be successfully operational this year q4
Assumption 2: the epidemic causes short-term demand for large-scale panels, which will be warming gradually in the second half of the year, and prices for large-scale Chinese PV products will continue to warm in the second half of the year and in the 21-22 years, with Māori rates of 18 per cent, 20 per cent and 22 per cent, respectively, for the next three years; Assumption 3 that the Hännary Exchange operation maintains a steady growth rate of 10 per cent per year and the Māori rate is stable at around 4 per cent.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.