tclTechnology (000100) IT hardware and equipment lcd supply and demand improvement, amoled readiness
As the price of the lcd panel has continued to decline in recent years, and as the impact of the current epidemic has spread, the overseas giants of lg and Samsung have chosen to withdraw from liquids.
The supply and demand structure of the lcd industry is expected to improve as the production capacity of the Korean department is phased out and the internal and external epidemic is gradually under control. Moreover, given the absence of large additional capital spending on lcd in the industry, the past few years have seen an improvement in the supply and demand structure of the industry.
In this context, tcl-Star, as the country's large-scale lcd-head business, has been able to raise its market share for a period of upswing, and on January 1st, the company announced that "the six-generation flexible amoled output of Wuhanhua PV."
The top/minimum size of 12 months, foldable screens to achieve a branded customer mass of output, means that the corporate product system is moving to a higher level. In April 2020, Director Lee Dongsheng said that a further t4 base had been added.
Investments to increase capital spending to 39 billion, capacity from 45k per month to 48k per month, and an increase in the size of investments to demonstrate firm full confidence in the competitiveness of its products. In the future, as t4 capacity, good climb, and second and third phases of projects are phased in.
The company’s performance will increase significantly. In addition, the development of new products, such as screen cameras, miniled, and print-led, is progressing steadily, preparing the next generation to demonstrate the advent of technology.
The management capacity has now become another core competition for panel enterprises, in addition to technology research and development. After a major asset restructuring in 2019, companies have been stripped of their terminals and accompanying operations, and the annual financial statements show significant improvements in indicators such as management costs, per capita income, turnover rates, etc.
In the future, there is still room for further improvement in resource efficiency and profitability, as the tcl, which is light-loaded, pursues its management concept of reducing efficiency. After the annual re-engineering, the capacity is nearing completion, with three stars, lig, and so on since 2020.
The giant fades out, further giving practitioners a sense of the likelihood of a steady or even upward price. In terms of market occupancy, tcl-Star, as the head player of a large-scale domestic panel, can easily take over part of the orders; in terms of profit levels, if prices are to recover steadily in the future, it can do so.
tclTechnology Assessment Report lcd improves supply and demand, amoled improves rapidly, and profit margins will improve significantly.
As the technology of new products continues to evolve, production capacity is steadily increasing, and it expands to more 1) Korea’s output exit is not as fast as expected; 2) the epidemic leads to lower demand downstream; 3)
The tcl science and technology point assessment reports lcd improvements in supply and demand, and amoled is in a state of readiness.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report