The outlook for artificial intelligence business is clear, but the valuation is reasonable; the first coverage is rated neutral (summary) and we believe that Heconway, the world's largest provider of controlled products, sees the same thing in the area of artificial intelligence products.
Moreover, Heconway’s large size and strong state business background are expected to support a stable Māori rate. But the unit’s share price has increased by 62% since this year.
The sub-covering of the unit was rated neutral, because we believe that its current valuation adequately reflects the firm foundation of the company, and we expect that by 2020, the contributions of the Sea Conway artificial intelligence products to total revenue and gross Maori will be market value (rmmmn/us$mn) respectively.
Market shares will continue to grow with the size and expertise of its solution operations and high-quality products. Given the rationalization of industry competition since the second half of 2016, management has focused on increasing profitability and fluctuations in government/public spending, the intensity of competition has changed.
In the second half of 2016, industry demand recovered, prices competed, and continued to seek to develop these relationships. Therefore, investors should take into account possible conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report, and should not look at the appendix to this report on information disclosure or contact your investment representative.
Seaports (002415.sz) Seaports: a summary of financial data contributing to the report
Xueixian Heiconway (002415.sz)
I don't know what you're talking about.
Highview: strongfundamentalspricedin; neutral hikvisionhasgrovenandconstativeditspositionasaglobalsurveildindustryleaderoverthe
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's going to do it, but you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
And (2) Isolatedworkworkstructuresworkworkstructure. Seeing forward, weexpecttextwaveofupgradestoal-embedsurveillallanceproducts and systestestofurthirdexpandhikvision'smarketshareandraise/stabilizeitsgrosmargin.
HekvisionhasbeentheleedrinintroducingaisurveillellanceproductsintothemARKreketsince 2015, fromcamerastonetworkworkvideorcorder(nvr)toservers.forexample, itsproducts havebeenadedbynianchancity'sskynetproject, effectivelyimprovingtheacuracy
In theaiera, webelieevichhasastrogpetitiveadvantagewithsignififiantsaccess trerelevantdatasets fromitslarcustomerbase.ourloballireport (artificialintelligence):
I don't know what you're talking about.
valuationsfair, initiatithneutral weinitiateonhikvisionwithneutralanda12-monthtargetpriceoflamb410, implying 5% potentialupside.weapply20xindustryaveragep/ emulcleotechikvision's2018eepstorrive
At the end of the day, we'll be able to find a way out of this, and we'll be able to find a way out of this.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
It's the first time I've ever been to a place like this before, and it's the first time I've ever been to a place like this, and it's the first time I've ever been to a place like this, and it's the first time I've ever been to a place like this, and it's the first time I've ever been to a place like this, and it's the first time I've ever been to a place like this.
Insg&a, (4) prancingpowerwithitssuppliers, and (5)datasets. Thessscapeadvantagesreflectin itsabove-average Grossmarginanddustrylednetmarginamongchinesurveillellance company.aswemovetowardsanal-centricworld, scalaidvantagehasgaedaninglobal
i.e. publicsecurity, transfer, judicial, etc.), webrevekvisioninstrangetoprovidesurvellance.
- Solutionstothesecustoms. publicsecurity(i.e., policyforce)andtransportationsshave the strogenestincentivetoadodoptstates-of-the-artsurveillabilitysols, inourview.
Weexpectikvision'srevenuereachrmb83, 231mnin2020e, aacagrof 27% From 2016. Front-endproductswillstiltilbeabidriverforthigrowthwithincrementalaswellas upgrade/placementdehumandformamameras.onthehand,wesecontralcenter
12% in 2016 to 29% in 2020 easwebelieve, intheaiera,withgroggingfocusonbigdataintententanalysofthesedatasets,
I don't know, bulkofthecompushingwillbyserversinthecontrol/datacenters.
In 2016, hikvision's GrossMartagimproved for the firststmeoverthestepastevenies, andnetmarginstabilized aftertheotheryearsofdecline.goingforward,weexpectitstrosmargenstabilize/improve,
We're going to have to get to the bottom of it, and we're going to get to the bottom of it, and we're going to get to the bottom of it, and we're going to get to the bottom of it, and we're going to get to the bottom of it, and we're going to get to the bottom of it, and we're going to get to the bottom of it, and we're going to get to the bottom of it, and we're going to get to the bottom of it, and we're going to get to the bottom of it, and we're going to get to the bottom of it, and we're going to get to the bottom of it, and we're going to get to the bottom of it.
2017onwards,weexpectikvision'smainrevenuedriveretssuiteofal products.theseadproducehheraspandthusaabletohelphikvisionsprofibilitabilitygoorward, insource, togglemanage'sfocusson
In 2016, hekvisionhadoverrm 100mnevenuefromitsaiproducts, whochacording to managementwasabovetheirtextations.
10% higherthanotherproducts.going significentlybasedonistoricalindrytrendsduringthelastroundofanalogtoipcamera upgradecycle.
Hexaconway (002415.sz) Weexpectrevenuefromikvision'saiproductstoachclostornb10bnin2020e (cagrof 214% over 2016-2020e), accoundingfor 12%ofoverallrevenues, and overrossprofit
I don't know what you're talking about.
At the same time, it is not possible for us to be able to find a way out of this, but it is not possible to find a way out of this, but it is not possible to find a way out of this.
Implying 5% Potentialupside 20xistheaveragep/ emulsiveofhikvision'sglobalandmedmestic piersin 2018e.allthestocksincludedhaveveus $ 1bnmarketcap.ourneutralringislaryalresultovalation.posta62% rallyinstockpriceytd, hikvisisnorowtradingarundits
12 - monthhistoricaveragep/multipleof19x, andinlinewithitsglobalpeers. our2017eestimatsareinlinewitbloombergconsensus, but2018e/2019evenueestimattes webelievesteethreethasn'tfulfactoredintheupsidefromikvision'salleadership, whichwill
Driverevevenuegrrowthandmarginery. source: companydata, bloomberg, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
Webelieveskviewwillabletoexpanditsmarketkeandershipstheal-era, accesstocomphensivedatasets fromalargecustomerbase, andintroductionproductswith superialqualityintomethermarket.hikvisioniscurrentlytradelosetoitshistoricavereage12--
Youy, from 26/26%yoyin 2016, trivenbyfurtheradoptionofhikvision'sal-imbeddproducts (cameras, nvr,servers) and Furthmarginco everyfrrommorementalmalketcompettions wellashighermarginglobalproducts.
Exhibit6: hikvisionistratinginthemidleofitsp/e band 12-montforwardp/e
12-monthforwardp/eband source: bloomberg, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.source:bloomberg, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
Source: Bloomberg, gaohuasecuriesresearch. source: bloomberg, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
1. Fluctuationoverment/publicpresenting as governmentmentandpublic-relabacted projectcontractedforover 40%offtotaldomesticdemand in 2016, weseeflucturerisesifothereanypolicychangesatthecentralgovernment
I've got a lot to do with it, but I've got a lot to do with it, and I've got a lot to do with it.
Down to 47% yoyand 26% yoyin2015and 2016, from 60% yoyin2014.Starting 2h16, industry partypantshavenotedarecoveryindimand, andthiscoullposeanupsideriskto ourforecasts.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, but I'm going to be in the middle of something like this.
- 6%-7% yoy.however, in periodsofweakerdemand, surveilledproduceprovidatorprovidatorpricingmore
I'm sorry, aggressivelyinordertoprotetmarketshareandmaintaintainrevevegaingroveth.onthehand,productswithtechnoroyleadershippedsupplytendtohaveaghpricing premiuminitally.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I can't believe it's not a good idea, but it's not a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it.
Hekvisioncouldleveregetoprovideadvancedhigh-qualityproductsandservisesandcontinuetogainmarketsharewordwide. asweadvandanceintotheaiera, scale avantagehasgainedancrementalinterpretation-data-7hichisparamountfor
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Towardsanal-centricworld: data, talent, infrastructureandsilicon; andranks"range diffentiateddatasets"asthhemostlydriverofrowth.hikvision'slargecustomerbase giveitaheadstartspeersonthealfront, inourview.
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to do this, but I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
May 15, 2017 (002415.sz) Itslargeplatform, hikvisionenjoyseconomisofscalinr&daswellassg&a, andhaspricing
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
This is the first time in the history of the United States of America, and it's the first time in the history of the United States, that it's the first time it's ever been the first time in the history of the world.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, and I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Hekvisiongrewitsssalesforcefrom2009to4,061in2016 (28% cagr); goingforward, weexpectistrendtocontinueasitexpandsglobalpresence. in Overseeasmarket, hikvisonhas25overseassubsidiaries, salesin 150+countriesand
And in 2017, the companyplanstocontinueexpandingitsoversessionsoversessionofcussonandcoursesofcoursesolutions
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Hekvisation'sglobalopers (2017) since:companydata.
We're not going to be able to do this, we're not going to be able to do it, we're not going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we's going to do it.
Itsr&dteamby16x, withdicatedteamsinvideoimageprocessing, videodandaudio codec, videocontentanalysis, streamingmedianetworkworkmissionandcontrol, video and audiodatostorage, cloudcomputing, bigdata, deeplearning, videostructuralization,
7% - 8% obitsrevenotechnologyadvanceoverpast10years.hikvision'sfocusanvesmentintechnologyhasclatedhighorybarrier
Forsmalplayersinthemarket (espediallyinthesoltionsbusiness), and hassgivenetofbeing the firsttointroducenewproductsintothomaret.levelagingits comprehensiveproditionproditionfoliofront-endandback-endtocontrolcenter
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, thankstorivelylowerlaborcostinchina, hikvision'sveverageengineercosthasbeen wellbelowglobalpeers.ontheotherhand, whencomparedwithlocalcompetists, hikvisofferspremiumsattradict the mosttaltinthemedicmarket.
Startingtrom2015, hikvisiontednewbusinessmodelzingstart-ups in the company, by Havingitscorestaff (40%)co-investwithhikvison (60%) in innovavebusinessprojectschastrobotics, automotoiveelectrectics, etc.in 2016,
Hekvisionsuptwonewinnovavevebusinessfocusingonuncooleddingfrared Sensolandsd (solidstatedrive)storagetechnology.Webelievehisinvestingstructurelinkskeyemployeinterestwiththecompanyandefectively promotes
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Heaconweit17: hikvisionhasmuchihigerr & dspendingin exhibit18:saleeconomytranslatesintimid-ranger&d
I don't know what you're talking about, absoluteamountcompared with smallerplayers as %ofrevenue source: companydata.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, amongglobalplayers industryaverageaseconomiesofcalemalize source: companydata, bloomberg.
I don't know what you're talking about, sir, but I'm not sure what you're talking about.
Hekvisionhasbelowindustryaveragesg & atorevenueriocomparedwith bothmedomestic aswellasoverseapers, thankstoitsconomisofcate. tocompetivelaborcostinchinina
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm thinking about it.
I'm not sure you're going to be able to do that, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm not going to do it.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do something about it.
I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Towardsanal-centricworld: data, talent, infrastructureandsilicon; andranks"range diffentiateddatasets"asthemastlisklydriverifrowth.beingthelargestcompanyin the surveillendindustry, hikvisionhassanindustrylayedcustomerbasecrosseven
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Wereotethatthemoredataatrainingalgorithm "Learns", themoreintelligent willbenewhenconductinganalysislivedatasets.asandrewng–founderofcourtsera andformerchiefscientistatbaidu–putsit: "deplearningis (almost)alwaysaboutscale."
Soebackgrouped hikvisionwasstablistedin 2001bytheno.52researchinstituteofchinaecclectics technologygroupcorporation(setc), whichisunderthestate-ownedassetssubpervisionand
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm going to do it for you.
I don't know what you're talking about, transferation, judicial, etc.) , hikvisionionativepositoprovidesurveillancesoltionsto thesecustos, inourview.weblievethepublicsecurity (i.e. publicForce) and transitportation segmentshavestroforestincentivetoadtoptostate-of-the-artsurveillellancesoltionsolutionhe
I.e. metthepolice departamentation teamesuspectsmore efficienlyandeffectively, andhelpingthetransportationdeparticipatedifyhickles existingthe lawandissuefennes.asaresult, thegovernment-related projejectsfocusmoreontechnologyand
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
i.e., caperas, accesscards, videintercomandburglarlarmproducts.overthepastdecade, front-endproducebeen thebiggestrevenuedriverforhikvision, growingatacaprof126% (2007-2016) and overtaping
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
In 2016, hikvisionlauncheddeeplnviewcamenerasasesedon gpu/vpuanddelearningtechnology, enablingmuchmorecomplicatedfacional, truffic, vehicle recognitionandanalysis.itisthefirst-enabledfront-endproductinthemarket.
Hekvisionalsolaunched superdefog, Darkfighter+anddarkfighterx3cameraseriesin 2016, leaving theindustryintermsofcapturingcleaner, cleanelandbrightercollorimagesinfoggy, starlightanddarkerenvironments.goingforward,weexpectfront-endproductstocontinuetobe
Abigrevenuecontiratorandgrovetacapof 18% over 2016-2019e. source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch. source:companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
19% yoyin 2016andacampion's totalreveue; theseincludesstorageproductssuchasxvr (hybridvideorororder), nvr
(networkvideorororder), cvr (centralstoragevideororororder), cloudstoragesystemsproducts, sdmemorycardandsd (solidstatedisk), aswellassesmetransmissionproducers Suchasvideoencoders, videodecoders, videopticaltransceivers, networkopticaltransceivers,
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm talking about it, and workworks witches. and everythingforback-endproductshabeenreactivelyslowerthan front-endproducts, partlyduesmallbaseofthelarlieries, partlydueto relativelylongerdepreciablefeofback-endproduces, insource.
Back-endalproducts: in 2016, hikvisionlauncheddeepinmindnvrwithebeddeplearning algoriths, enablingmoreacciruracyinfacialregionaltionandanalysis.weexpectrevenuefromback - 15 May 2017
Heaconway (002415.sz) endproductstogrogatacof 18% over 2016-2019e, drivenbyhikvision'smarketsharegain, replacementd, andupgradetomoreadvancedproducts.
(inrmmn) Source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch. source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, controllerproductsandsoftware. CONTROLCENTER PRODUCTS: theströvenuegrovethwasmainlydrivenversverserproducs with aicapabilitieslauncheddin 2015-2016andbigspreens.hikvisionlaunchedvideostructuring
"Falcon" and "blade"in2015, bothbasedongpuand deplearningtechnology.in 2016, hikvisionlaunchedentelligenttransactiongroup" divine captor"andfacialylanalolicsserver" hikface."
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to do it.
Sobscribersonez's scloudplatform, andmanagementsextectesthisbusionesstostart making profitin2017eofteritachievedbreak-evenin2016. Robotics
Hekvisionintrodue the'qianmo'intelligentwarehuestoragesystinestate 2016 and expandediscesslineintoboticsinccludingagv (automasticguidedvehicle), inelligent sortingrobotsandintingplatingrobots.thesistemaimstoenchescurrentwardenwardenhousehousehouse.
The systemiscompostoftreemainparts: inelligentwarehousehouserobot, rcs (robotscontrol system) and iwms (intelligentwarehousemanagementssystem).
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Crossmargintograduallyimprovescalaidsup.source: companydata.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, but...
The firstyearthathiksion's Grossmarginturnedaroundsince2010.during 2007to2015, Grossmarkindeclinedfrom 49% to 40%, duetocompetationanddilificationfromistribornes.in2016, bothexternalandinternalfactorshelpelpedwiththemarginrecovery.externally,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.
Forward, weexpecthisikvision's Grossmargintocontinueimproveforestabilizingataround 42% From2017 eto2019evs.41.6% in 2016. sg&a
20% from 2007 to 11% from 2013, 11% from 2013 and 11% - 12% from 2013 onwards.in 2017, hikvisionplanstocontinueinvestinginitspeoplepedwithaddedemployeesand increasalary.weexpectsg&aas%ofrevenuetokeeptableat12% from2017eto2019e.
We're not going to be able to do this, we're not going to be able to do it, we're not going to be able to do it, we're not going to be able to do it, we're not going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Heaconviews (002415.sz) from 2008to2016, hikvisiongwetsrevenueby 18xfrommb1, 742mntormb31, 924mn,
Atacagrof 44%, mainlydrivenbythegrovethinitsfront-endproductsuite, theshareof whichincreasedfrom 7% overallrevenuein 2008to50%2016.thisismainlydrivenby therisingpenetrationofsurveilcasesamerasinchina, aswellasoverseasmarkets.by.
2020e,weexpectikvision'srevenueeachrmb83.31mn, aacagrof 27%form2016. Front-endproductswillstiltilbeabidriverforthigrowthwithincrementalaswellas upgrade/placementdehumandformameras.ontheotherhand,wesecontralcenter
In 2016 to 29% in 2020 easwebelieve, in theaiera, with growingfocusonbigdataandingligentanalysofthesedatsets, the bulkofthecomputingwillbedonebysernsinthecontrol/datacenters.
From 2008to2016, hekvisiongwetsepsby 12xfromrmb0.10tmb1.22, oracagrof 36%.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Hekvisionhassistentlyoperatatatatatatatacitoverthepastdecade.asof2016, itsnetsashtoebitdaratius1.24x,implyingstrongbalballancesheet.Roewas 34%in2016,relivelystables2010,andweexceptittoincreaseto40%in
2019thimprovingassetturn. cashconversioncycléalsoimprovedto58daysin 2016 From94daysin 2010, andweexpectistististoverseventhenextreenews.
Insept 2014, hikvisionannounceditsinttoestablishaninternetsurveildostry baseinhangzhoudoraibusinessanddpurposeswiththetotalcapexnoted rb1.6bn.asofend2016,totaloflamb238msbeeninvestedandtheproject
24%.nott2020202016, hikvisionannounceditsplantobuildasurveilance industrybaseintongfreephases, in which thetotalinvendwouldnotexeed rmb2.2bn.bytheendof2016, anoundrm635mwasinvestedinnitsphaseone project,
I don't know if you're going to do it, but you're going to have to do it.
Heaconway (002415.sz) source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
Introducingm&africaworkforhikvision inourreportnavigatingthenoise (6): introducem&africaworks, underdateroadmap, datedjuly4, 2016), Weexaminedstocksintiliapacificechnology overcoveringusourm&africawork-
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to help you, but I'm sure I'm going to be able to help you.
1 to 4, with 1presentingh (30%-50%) probabilityofm&activity, 2representingmedium (15%-30%) probability, 3representinglow (10%-15%) probabilityand 4representing Minimaltonoprobability
(0%-10%) ...forcompanionsranked1or2, inlinewithourstandarddepartementalguidelineswe incorporateanm&acomponentintoourtarsetprice. firstly, walekat betweentheothereannyimpidements, suchasshareholder
It's not like I'm going to be in a state of emergency, but I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency, and I'm going to be in a state of emergency.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
If you're going to be able to do it, you're going to have to do it again.
There's a significentinability, orblockingstake), andtakeintoaccount: annypotentialactionsby majorshareholdsintheeventopossibleacquialbyathirdparty, oriftheymaybeopposedtoselling, orifyhaveannounceda
It's not like you're the only one who's going to do it, but you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to do that, either.
technology: weleokatwhethorornota companyhasattactactivetechnoctivecapableof genderatingfuturestate, aswellastechnodictalcapabilisesandintellectualpropertyrights. weassignarankof"4"ifitstechnologyisunattactive, "3"ifitismoderatedlyactive,"2"ifitis
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"4"ifitscustomerbaserproducationsare unattractive, 3"iftheyaremoderatedactive, 2"iftheyareattactiveand1"iftheyareveryattactive.
3) Costsynergies: weleokatprosfortinbusinsclassaleandscopeforprofit margin/yieldimprovementviaacquianm&atargetcompany.weassignarankof"4"if thereislowpossibilityoffsynergies, "3"ifotherissuepossibility,"2"ifothereishighposcybility,
I don't know what you're talking about, and "ifheis very highpossibility."
"4" iftheyareunattatti, 3"iftheyaremoderatelyactive, 2"iftheyareattattactive, and 1"if theyareveryactive.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
"4" ifthe companyappraisals overvaledreliveindustrypeer group, "3"iftsvaluiseinlinewiththepeeraverage, "2"ifitsvaluationdiscovered, and 1"if
I mean, it's important to know that you're not the only one who's in love with me, it's important to know that you're not in love with me, it's important to me, it's important to know that you're not in love with me, it's important to me, it's important to know that you're not in love with me.
Thisismainlyduetoitsrelivelylagemarketcapofus$33,983mn, soebackgroundand hareholdingstructure (40% bythehejianghaikanggroupwhosshareholdholdhasbeen stillableovertime) . . . .believethecompanyismoreellelytobeanacquireotherataratarget. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Haiconway (002415.sz) appendix alimprovinganalysisspeedandacuracysignificantly
I.e. Lakelingoftheimagebyvehicleype, veclebrand, licensepate, colorofclothesetc.falcontelinsearningforimagesoftheallegedsuspecovera
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Quotedthafalconfotdownthetimefordataanalysisignificantly i.e., accudingtothecompany,forvidefootagefrom500camerasandpanning250hoursthat people, accordingtohikvision.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Exhibit47: vehicleimageretrievalrateisiproved ignificantlybydeeplearningaswell vehicleimageretrievalratecomparison
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Exhibit48: hikvisionbladeserverhoshighforceormance exhibit49:deplearningenablesmultiplevedeo andlowpowerconsumption
This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices Online.
I don't know, hikvision source: hikvisionresearchinstiute.
{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002415.sz} managementshareholding exhibit50: hikvisionmanageshareholding
I don't know, hikvision managementshareholdsreportedin 2016annualreport employeestockshipshipplans source: companydata.
In addition, no part of my salary has been, is irrelevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of cash returns, industry status, and management levels (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Hu Xueixing: a share of telecommunications and technology, and a share of telecommunications and technology in China. a share of telecommunications and technology: quick communication, China connection (a), China fire communications, Gore shares, Heiconway, sophisticated communications, Effie Light, Internet accommodation technology, China communications (a).
Jae, Nakakry International, Middle Harbour International (adr), Sun Woo Optics, Power supply, Power supply (adr), UG, UG (adr), Communications (h). Statutory disclosures relating to companies are not disclosed with specific information on the following companies: Heiconway (rmb26.77)
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.