In 2016, with steady and rapid growth in performance, innovative business is worth paying attention (including taxes) by sending five shares (including taxes) to the red stock, not by transferring capital funds to equity.
In 2016, there was a marked and steady increase in revenue earnings: in the second quarter of 2016, as the market environment gradually improved, the total sales revenue of the company grew by 26.3 per cent over the same period, indicating a steady growth. On the product side, while the growth rate of the products at the front and back end of traditional security video surveillance was 19.3 per cent less than the overall rate, however, the rate of growth at the back end of traditional security video surveillance was lower than the overall rate of 19.3 per cent.
Solutions services, represented by central control equipment and innovative business, show a fast-growing trend, becoming a driving force for corporate growth. The net profits of corporate shareholders in their parent companies rose by 26.5% in 2016 over the same period, the rate of growth was roughly the same as the rate of income growth, and the company maintained a robust profitability at the same time as income growth.
Product innovation raises the Māori rate and continues to expand and increases the cost rate: the company ' s overall Māori rate in 2016 was 41.6 per cent, an increase of 1.5 percentage points from the previous year. After a decline in the Māori rate due to increased market competition in the second half of 2015, the company re-elevated its profitability through product innovation and changed market competitiveness
Good news is also one of the reasons for the recovery of the Māori rate. Corporate management and sales rates have risen by 1.0 and 0.8 percentage points, respectively, and financial rates have remained largely stable.
Future development strategies and business plans: the long-term development strategy of companies is to move from traditional security video surveillance products, suppliers to video-centric networked solutions and data operation service providers, 2017
The year's specific implementation plan includes: 1) promoting research and development inputs around the needs of existing clients, and maintaining the core critical technological lead levels of image processing, structure, big data, smart analysis, etc.; 2) Focusing on the Sea Convalescence: net revenue increases throughout the year and future gains
Intelligent applications in the power industry, combining intelligent products, software technologies and industry applications in depth, introducing standard, replicable products and solutions; 3) enriching product lines for overseas markets and strengthening overseas groups
Local support capacity; 4) continuous deepening of management changes through the import of the blm (business lead model), ipt (integrated product development) systems to accelerate decentralised flat organization building; 5) continued development of fluorescent, seaconvex vision: medium-term steady performance growth, competitive pressures
Innovative business such as robotics and auto-electronics, capturing video technology for intelligent homes, industrial automation, and extended car-electronic development space.
Heaconway vision: high growth in operating income in 2015, with an increase in the environment affecting the profitability of companies; technological upgrading increasing the risk of innovation in corporate products; safety risks in safety-proof products; safety risks associated with technology leakage.
The company ' s sales revenue in 2016 was steadily faster than the previous 26.3 per cent to $31.92 billion, and the Māori rate was 41.6 per cent, an increase of 25.8 per cent over the previous year.
Growth in the size of the harvest. At the same time, improvements in product innovation and business efficiency have sustained the profitability of the company. (i) Net gains in 2016 have remained stable and fast growing.
In 2016, the net profit of shareholders in listed companies was $7.42 billion, an increase of 26.5%, and a net gain of $1.22 per share.
With high value added, companies are still able to maintain a stable profitability. The company ' s Māori rate for the whole year 2016 was 41.6%, an increase of 1.5 percentage points from the previous year, and the company ' s profitability has been enhanced through product innovation, following a decline in the Māori rate as a result of increased competition in the second half of 2015.
Cost rates increased by 1.0 and 0.8 percentage points in the same year, operational inputs continued to increase, and financial cost rates remained largely stable. 114 days of turnover of corporate accounts receivable, with successive increases in 2016, and large client orders and solution suppliers ' strategies led to an increase in the company ' s accounting period, with 37 days of inventory swing days, which remained stable, and 73 days of accounts payable working days.
In 2016, companies continued to invest in the expansion of their production bases and innovative products, resulting in a decline in the return on total capital production, with a 1.5 percentage point decline of 17.9% for roa and 30.6% for roe in 2016, which has remained stable. The expansion in size has spurred the construction of new headquarters bases and production bases, and the net liability equity ratio remains net cash.
(ii) Business smooth in the fourth quarter of 2016, where taxes and charges are recognized as affecting profit growth The company achieved operating income of 10.79 billion yuan in the fourth quarter of 2016, an increase of 25.5 per cent in the same year, the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 2.57 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 22.5 per cent in the same rate of growth in the fourth quarter of 2016, and the company ' s operating income was almost equal to that of the year.
The main reason why net profits grew slightly less than the year-wide increase was that the income tax rate of 12.9 per cent per quarter was higher than the annual rate of 10.7 per cent owing to the recognized cost of income tax rates in the fourth quarter.
Figure 10: Net profit and growth over the last 12 quarters The corporate Māori ratio was 41.6 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2016, an increase of 3.6 percentage points over the same period, sales cost rates, management figure 12: Major cost rates over the last 12 quarters
On the product segment, the revenue from traditional video surveillance at the front and back ends of the company's main product increased slightly less than the overall income, while sales from central control of equipment and innovative business showed a significant upward trend, the shift from a company to a programme supplier was moving steadily and effectively, and the Māori ratio of major product segments was returning.
On the sales side, the growth rate in overseas markets slowed, but remained at 40.6 per cent, up from 21.2 per cent in the domestic market. (i) The growth of traditional business was robust and solutions innovation was significantly enhanced.
In 2016, the company disclosed revenue and Māori rates from its own branch of innovation, such as Internet video, robotics, car electronics. From the data of its branch of operation, the revenue from the traditional front-end and back-end products of video surveillance increased by 19.3 per cent over the same period, although it continued to account for the largest share.
The central control of equipment and innovation, which is dominated by service solutions, has grown by 69.3% and 191.8%, respectively, indicating a strong growth momentum. With regard to product breakdowns of Māori, the Māori ratio of corporate products is on the rise overall.
The Māori rate for goods, back-end products and central control equipment increased by 48.5 per cent, 47.9 per cent and 48.1 per cent, respectively, to 48.5 per cent, 2.1 per cent and 0.3 per cent, respectively.
(ii) The growth rate of overseas markets is higher than in the country, and the Māori rate has recovered. In 2016, the gross revenue from sales in the company ' s domestic market amounted to RMB 22.560 billion, representing 70.7 per cent of total sales revenue, a decline of 3.0 percentage points from the previous year, which still accounts for the main share of income and 29.3 per cent from the overseas market.
Domestic market revenues increased by 21.2 per cent over the year, and the rate of increase slowed considerably. Although still at 40.6 per cent, the rate of growth in overseas market revenues slowed year by year as the base size expanded.
And Māori levels in overseas markets have returned to 2014 levels. (iii) Future development strategies and business plans: video-centric access solutions and data operation service providers
The company, as a traditional security video-monitoring manufacturer, has accumulated a wealth of experience and technology in video processing and applications, and will actively expand its future use of video technology for object-networking solutions and data operation services as a provider of overall solutions.The company’s planning priorities for 2017 include:
Continued high levels of R & D investment, building on the capacity of research institutes and product R & D centres, to maintain core critical technology leadership levels such as video image processing, structuralization, \triangleright big data, smart analysis, and to develop more excellent technology and products around client needs.
The focus on intelligent applications in dynamic industries combines intelligent products, software technologies, and industry applications in depth, and introduces standardized, easily replicable products and solutions. To enrich product lines for overseas markets, optimize user experiences, and strengthen local support capabilities of overseas teams.
• Continuing to deepen management changes by importing systems such as blm (business lead model) ird (integrated product development), accelerating decentralised flat-level organizational development, moving from functional to process-based organization. Continuing to develop innovative business such as fluorescent, robotics, and auto-electronics, capturing video technology for smart households, industrial automation, and
\triangleright Extension Development Space for Automobile Electronics. Continued layout of promising emerging markets and emerging businesses, giving new impetus to companies that have not been able to sustain their development
Industry demand has grown less than expected owing to the impact of macroeconomic and government industrial policies; the increased competitive market environment has affected the profitability of firms; technological upgrading has increased the risk of innovation in corporate products; and safety against technology leakage is used to protect products from security risks.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data