China PV 002179, F-FDTL, equity incentives for the long term.
Incidents: company issuing a share restricted stock incentive plan (second draft), proposed to award 32.065 million shares to some directors, senior managers, middle managers, core technical (operational) personnel and the top managers and core cadres of subsidiaries, for a total of 1215 persons,
Incentives have been expanded for the long-term development of the company. The proposed second equity incentive plan (draft) is published for a total of 1215 persons, covering essentially the middle of the company and the core cadres, a significant increase over the 266 persons awarded in the first equity incentive plan.
We believe that widening the range of incentives would allow more people to be tied to corporate interests, and would help to fully motivate management and key staff for the long-term development of the company.
In the long run, the military workers are motivated to move on, and the conditions for unlocking the locks are tighter, and the performance test shows confidence.
Unlocking conditions for the incentive plan (draft) are: unlockable annual net asset return of not less than 13.60 per cent for the financial year preceding the date and not less than the 75-square value for the target enterprise; unlockable financial year net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company net increase in non-recurring gains and losses over the 2018 compound
No less than 10.00 per cent and no less than the 75-segregate value for the target enterprises; the completion of the previous fiscal year ' s targets met the evaluation objectives set by the China Air Industry Group and the eva Current Equity Incentive Plan (draft) selected 21 related to the operation of the China Light Major Company
A listed company is a leading international connector, including Teco and Anfino. We believe that the second phase of the equity incentive program is more stringent than the first, and it demonstrates the company’s confidence in future performance growth.
In the future, leading companies will benefit fully from the acceleration of the development of national defence information, and new areas such as communications, new energy vehicles, orbital transport, such as high-stakes industries, which are expected to drive sustained growth in private goods, liquid cooling, high-speed backboards, etc., will create more profitable growth points.
Equity incentives for the long term, military workers for the long term, military workers for the long term, military workers for the long term, and military workers for the long term.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.