The company will be more focused in the future by binding its management interests on the high profile of the Chinese industry's expertise in providing interconnectivity technology solutions for military and industrial defence and high-end manufacturing.
China PV will award a total of 320.65 million restricted shares to 1,215 selected participants, representing China Technology Enterprises.
This limited stock incentive (second phase) is intended for some company directors, senior managers, middle-level executives.
Managers, core technical (operational) staff and core cadres of subsidiary senior managers and cadres, with a combined strength of 1215 persons, awarded 3,206,500 shares, representing approximately the total equity of the company at the time of the signing of this incentive scheme, restricted equity incentive scheme (first phase) (granted in January 2017) to senior company managers
Managers, middle-level managers, core technical (operational) personnel and senior managers and core cadres of subsidiaries, with a total of 266 individuals, awarded 60.10 million shares, approximately one-time incentive plan, senior managers above mid-level, core technical and subsidiary managers and core cadres
2. This restricted stock release is more focused on a profit quality test, and the company is expected to do more than that. From the announcement, the restricted stock incentive scheme (second phase) has been eliminated for business.
The indicators of income growth and business profitability have instead increased the indicators of net profit gains from non-mortality, which we believe the company will focus more on the quality and efficiency of profits in the future. And the first restricted stock test is made on the basis that the profit margins are not lower than those of the same industry.
The average, and the second restricted stock test was no less than 75 points for the bid companies, 21 of which were leading companies with intermediate and external connectors, including Teco, Anfino and space appliance, and we calculated a 75-point level of net profit increase for the 21 companies in 2018 at the rate of non-retroactivity to the mother.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources of PV (002179). Restricted stocks bind management interests, companies will focus more on profit quality in the future.
Table 1: Incentive Targets for Restrictive Stock Incentives (Part I) Table 2: Incentive Targets for Restrictive Stock Incentives (Part II)
Table 3: Unlocking Conditions for Restricted Stock Incentives (first phase) Table 4: Unlocking Conditions for Restrictive Stock Incentives (second phase) Unlockable net asset return for the preceding financial year not less than 13.60 per cent and not less than the target firm 75
Divisional value; net profits during the first, second and third period of unlocking due to non-recurring gains or losses attributable to shareholders of listed companies in the fiscal year preceding the unlocking period are not less than 10.00 per cent of the combined growth rate in 2018 and not less than the 75-segregated value of the firm in relation to the target; achievement of the target for unlocking the previous financial year for the aviation industry
3. The equity share increases proportionately, with administrative costs incurred The issuing company’s general sharea shares. Assuming that the shares to be awarded by the company to the intended incentive are the shares of the targeted issuing company, no consideration is given to the company’s repurchase of the restricted shares.
Based on a restrictive stock award price of $23.43/shares, after the full purchase of the restricted stock by the recipient, the company will receive cash in the amount of $751 million and equity gains. Assuming that the fair value of the restricted stock award date of this incentive scheme is the average transaction value of $38.78/equity on the first day prior to the announcement of this draft incentive scheme, the management costs to be recognized by the company implementing the incentive scheme are expected to be 3206.5 x (38.78-23.43) = $492 million. The management costs shall be accounted for by the loss or loss from the date of the award until the completion of the full restricted stock lockdown.
From the announcement that the company’s management costs were more amortized in 2020, the company still set a 10% increase in net non-repatriate profits against a background of such high management costs, and no less than the 75-point mark, indicating that the company’s future net operating profits are increasing or significantly exceeding expectations.
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECS) reported PV in China (002179). Restricted shares bind management interests, companies will focus more on profit quality in the future, and short-term stock price suppression factors have been released.
We believe that, with the introduction of the restrictive stock incentive scheme, short-term uncertainties that were previously suppressed by the company’s stock prices will be effectively released, and at this point in time, as the military industry, industry and 5g business climate rises, the company’s performance in the coming years will remain relatively positive and more certain, and as a small core asset in the military industry, the company will continue to enjoy a certain value premium based on its excellent track and industry position. Without considering this restrictive stock incentive scheme, we predict that the company will continue to enjoy a price premium from 2019 to 2021 eps.
The delivery of arms and equipment has been slower than expected, the impact of VAT has been higher, and the impact of military pricing reform has been higher than expected.
Master's degree from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, six years of experience in securities, former employment in China and Great Wall securities, joined the East Hing Securities Corps in 2017.
At the time of Chu rain, a bachelor's degree from the University of Electronics and Technology, a master's degree from the Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the East Hing Securities in 2019. The professor's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
China PV: Restricted shares bind management interests, companies will focus more on profit quality in the future, and there will be no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report on the content objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies