The connector's tap is strong, medium light power (002179.sz) is growing steadily throughout the year.
The company published three-quarterly reports in 2019, raising $6,892 million, representing an increase of 19.34 per cent, a net gain of $831 million for mothers, an increase of 19.22 per cent, and a net gain of $816 million for non-mothers (i) in line with expectations, with robust growth expected throughout the year.
During the first three quarters of 2019, corporate operating income and net parent profits increased by 19.34 per cent and 19.22 per cent, respectively, and performance growth was largely as expected.
Third, the increase in interest payments on loans available to companies led to a similar increase of 130.17 per cent in financial costs and, lastly, a decline in profits from navigational letters in joint ventures and 37.63 per cent in returns on corporate investments.
In our view, the company’s military assets are highly competitive, its civics are expanding, its profitability is more sustainable, and its performance is expected to continue to grow steadily throughout the year. (ii) Connectors are strong and their military operations are growing robustly.
As far as military goods are concerned, the company’s product, as the leader of the Chinese military connector, is widely used in aerospace and military fields, in communication networks, and in data centres. The military’s goals of mechanization and informatization have been steadily advanced in the past year, adding to the end of the military reform process.
In addition, the company’s new technology infrastructure project has completed major engineering work that will effectively expand the production capacity of connector products and provide a sound basis for sustained steady growth in military operations.
(iii) The high profile of the 5g industry, which opens up the space for corporate growth The private sector of the company operates mainly in the areas of communications, new energy vehicles, where the company is more competitive, the industry is strong, and the tourist industry is well established
In 2018, the company successfully entered the international first-class vehicle supply chain and became a top 5-g-opt supplier for international communications. The company was fully involved in the development of the 5g communications connector.
And the outdoor fibre-optic connectors and fibre-optic components are on the same water horizon as the world’s first-class businesses. The twin effects of the tight trade situation in Central America and the accelerated commercialization of 5g will release a large number of connectors, and corporate communications will be gaining new growth points.
In the area of new energy cars, despite the overall slowdown in the industry since this year, companies have grown steadily, working in depth with leading companies like Biadi and Wootong to upgrade their research and development capabilities.
The company’s valuation advantage is less obvious than that of comparable companies in the industry, but, as the backbone of the connector industry, the core asset attributes highlight the promise that the strong will continue to grow. Moreover, the company’s military presence is strong, the civil market is well developed, and performance is sustained.
Growth is sustainable, with a “recommended” rating maintained.