The company is a high-level expert in the Chinese industry to provide interconnective technological solutions for military and industrial defence and high-end manufacturing.
The company published three-quarterly reports in 2019, which generated operating revenues of $6,892 million in the first three quarters of 2019, together with technology enterprises.
The net return profit of $816 million, net of non-recurring gains and losses, increased by 20.44 per cent on a year-on-year basis, in high-end civilian manufacturing areas such as collection and smart equipment.
Highlights for the next 3-6 months: do not maintain a “strongly recommended” rating for 34x, 26x, 21x.
Cumulatively, in the first three quarters of the company, $6,892 million (+19.34 per cent) was earned by the public and, in our view, the main reason for this is that the high Māori rate in the third quarter grew faster or faster than the public good, leading to a single quarter in which the company earned 2,296 million yuan (+4.8 per cent) in the third quarter.
With regard to the net profits of shareholders in listed companies (+11.37 per cent), we believe that single-quarter revenue increases are smaller and profit increases are significantly faster than revenue increases, or are related to the rapid decline in corporate income from private business, and we believe that new energy automobile operations or the growth in military revenue is guaranteed because the basics drag the growth of the company as a whole.
Looking forward to the four quarters, we believe that four quarters of military revenue is confirmed to be good, that communications operations may benefit from 5g, that there is little room for improvement in the basics of new energy automobile operations, and that we predict that Eastern wealth will flourish throughout the year.
Three-quarterly evaluation of China Oceanic and Light Power (002179), performance in line with expectations, high year-round performance growth, significant growth in accounts receivable and advances, increases in research and development costs and financial costs, at the end of assets, the company ' s January-September 2019 accounts receivable increased by 45.82 per cent from the end of 2018, mainly due to the expansion of corporate sales and the return week for some market-based customers
From a cost point of view, the cost of R & D in the company in January-September increased by 47.53% over the same period, and we judge that the increase in R & D costs is related to the company's efforts to increase R & D in the field of communications. The company's financial costs in January-September were $5.054 million, compared to $18.245 million in January-September last year, and the significant changes in financial costs or interest payments on remitted funds would benefit from the company's performance in the future, but would also benefit from an exchange of valuations or higher market risk preferences.
Next year, a number of major operations will begin with a high-growth cycle, and annual positive performance growth will boost companies’ eps; and, secondly, when our 2020 performance projections estimate that market risks tend to be high, companies will benefit from an increase in the valuation of industries with high levels of technology, such as military engineering, electronics, communications, etc., and listed companies’ performance, which is now financed more by rational foreign investment or domestic long-term finance (domestic finance, insurance, old-age, etc.).
In addition, foreign capital allocation takes into account the opportunity for certainty to grow, and domestic medium- and long-term funding is at an unprecedented level of concern for the potential risks of listed companies. The Chinese PV itself is characterized by a lower probability of becoming more transparent and black swans.
4. Core assets deserve a valuation premium. First, core assets enjoy a higher premium, and the Matthews effect will accelerate.
Second, companies’ future business climates are on the rise, and they can gradually absorb higher valuations as they grow. Although, as stock prices rise, companies do show up.
In the military industry, next year, in the last year of the 13th century, military orders and revenues are likely to grow faster than this year; in the case of new energy vehicles, the company’s Māori rate of new energy automobiles has fallen considerably over the past 2-3 years, and it is encouraging that the company has made progress this year in permeating major mainstream cars, for example.
In terms of communications, the value of the company as a gold medal supplier, 5g-related connectors and components is significantly higher than 4g, while in terms of communications, the company has already started to develop and test 5g-related products long ago, and next year's production and Māori rates are likely to be better than they are now, and we believe that as the military industry and the 5g business climate rise, the company will continue to grow at a high level of growth over the next few years, while at the same time being in the military industry.
With few core assets, companies will still enjoy valuation premiums based on certainty. It is recommended that deployed investors be patiently stock-holding, with no allocation of investor-specific configurations. (Specially, weapons delivery is slower than expected, value-added tax has a higher impact than expected, and military pricing reforms have a higher impact than expected.)
B.A. from the Central University of Finance and Economics, Master of Science from the Hong Kong University of Technology, six years of experience in securities, former head of the China-China Securities and Wall Securities Corps, 2017.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Company reports three-quarterly evaluation of PV (002179), performance meets expectations and looks forward to high performance throughout the year, without any assurance of the accuracy and completeness of the information or of the information and recommendations contained therein.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.