The connector is expected to make a steady year-round growth - the three-quarterly review of mid-flight light power (002179), 2019. On October 24, the company released the three-quarterly report of 2019, yielding operating revenue of $6,892 million, up from the previous year.
19.34 per cent; net return of 831 million yuan, an increase of 19.22 per cent over the same period; a slight decline in performance in the third quarter, with year-round steady growth of 6,892 million yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 19.34 per cent over the same period; net return of mothers
831 million yuan, an increase of 19.22% over the same period. In a single quarter, O3 achieved business income of 2,296 million yuan, an increase of 4.81% over the same period. The net return to the mother was 258 million yuan, an increase of 11.37 per cent over the same period, and performance increased slightly in the third quarter by 652 million yuan, an increase of 47.53 per cent over the same period, owing mainly to increased product restructuring and research and development inputs by companies:
Financial costs increased by 130.17 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increased interest payments on remoldable debt. The company achieved 33.64 per cent Māori, an increase of 1.58 pct over the same period the previous year.
\triangleright is the leader of the military industry connector, which is downstream in almost all fields of aviation, space, electronics, ships, weapons. During the reporting period, the company successfully contributed to the launch of the 11th "One Arrow Seven Star" for the first time at sea.
The company ' s military operations are expected to continue to grow steadily as a result of the increasing costs of the defence force, the effect of the military transformation on the elimination of the superimposed 13+5 “pre-combine” industry. > 5g is expected to grow rapidly, and communications operations are expected to grow. >
The main clients of the company's communications business are Hwa, Nakaeng, Samsung, and so on. Currently, the three major operators have accelerated their deployment by 5g, with the announcement of a 5g timetable, all of which are scheduled to be pre-commercial in 2019 and commercial in 2020.The experts predict that our investment in 5g will reach $705 billion, an increase of 56.7 per cent over 4g.
The pre-research project with the mainstream communications equipment provider 5g, which is expected to become a new performance growth point as the commercialization process accelerates, will develop the new energy vehicle sector in the future. \triangleright
The company is the country’s first connector company involved in new energy vehicles, with downstream customers such as Jianghuai, Biadei, Wootong, and other well-known vehicles, mainly commercial vehicles, and cars above a0. According to the State Department’s Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Car Industry, by 2020, the annual production of new energy vehicles will reach 2 million vehicles, with holdings.
With the rapid growth of the new energy automobile industry, the company’s new-source automobile business is expected to provide a new profit growth point. The growth of the owner sector is high, and the development of new areas is promising.
Growth is expected, with military connector leaders 1 and orders for military goods falling short of expectations: 2, new energy vehicle sales are below expectations: 3, offshore business expansion is slow, corporate financial statement data projections are aggregated
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.