Optimization of product structure, steady growth in performance - GPR (603986) 2018 semi-annual evaluation of billions of yuan, an increase of 30.99 per cent in the same year; net profit of 219 million yuan in non-return to the mother, an increase in the same year
During the first half of 2018, firm performance grew steadily, based on good market demand and an optimal layout of the company ' s product structure. Business income of $1,107 million was realized in the first half of the year, a year-on-year increase.
A net profit of $219 million is an increase of 38.52% from the same year. In terms of profitability, Māori rates, net flash chip designs, are expected to benefit from chip nationalization _aaa_mega-renovation (603986).
The company’s main products include two flash chip and microcontrolr products: noorflash, nandflash. Since 2012, the company has been the largest nonflash flash chip indigenous design firm in mainland China.
512m mass of high-volume products, which now provide a range of products ranging from 512kb to 512m, covers most of the types of capacity in the noorflash market. In the case of Nandflash products, the product capacity covers the main slcnandflash type from 1gb to 8gb, and continues to be developed and developed.
Extended to 32gb, with a well-developed high-performance, high-reliability embedding line of Nandflash products, where the production of 38nm products has been achieved in the first half of the year, and where 24nm products are being advanced. Companies’ flash products are industry leaders in performance, reliability, and help.
Market advantages for products in high-level applications such as industry and automobiles. Cooperation agreements were signed, and the strategic layout dram company signed a cooperation agreement with the compost industry in October 2017 to develop a process of 19 nm
The project has a budget of about 18 billion yuan, with the goal of achieving a success in research and development by 31 December 2018, i.e. a product success rate of no less than 10%. The signing of this investment agreement is in line with the strategic development of the company.
There is a need to further upgrade the space for companies to develop in the future, supply the capacity for companies to develop in the future, provide support and security for the sustainability of the company, raise the firm's core competition, acquire the microscope, and cut into the sensor chip field.
The company plans to issue shares and pay cash to acquire 100% of the share in Shanghai Sly Microtech Ltd., an interactive human technology in the area of layout networking. Slit microproducts are dominated by a new generation of smart mobile terminal sensors, such as touch and finger chips, soc chips, as the domestic market leader.
The first capacitator and fingerprinting chip suppliers are more competitive in the domestic market. This acquisition will not only enrich the chip production line, improve the company’s 10-t layout, but will also be able to match Shanghai’s existing supply chain, customer resources and resources.
Positive complementarities in distribution channels: technology R & D below expectations; risk of falling product prices; unapproved acquisitions