“Wearing a new product line that actively promotes the strategic layout,” the semi-annual 2018 report is published. 2018h1 company has achieved operating income of $1,107 million.
The same-year increase of 18 per cent, the net return to the mother, the net profit from the deduction of the parent, of 235 million yuan and 219 million yuan respectively, the steady increase in revenue and net profit, and the increase in investment in research and development of the firm 2018h1 in operating income of 1,107 million yuan, an increase of 18 per cent in the same-year period, mainly in the development of new technologies.
The product and application sectors lead to income growth. 2018q2 achieves operating income of $565 million, compared to $235 million in net return profits, an increase of 31%. Realization of non-returned net profits. Stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months)
The increase is mainly due to the expansion of overseas markets, the increase in staff salaries and annual salary increases. The financial cost rate is 0.28%, compared to the increase in 2017 - 1.63 percentage points, mainly in the United States dollar and the United States dollar.
As a result of the large exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi, innovation became more visible: performance assurance continues to enrich the product lines and actively push forward the strategic layout.
The company constantly optimizes its product structure and enriches its product lines. Noorflash expands its high-volume product, while promoting 55nm. Nandflash38nm product has stabilized and 24nm product development has progressed steadily.
New and dynamic areas such as charging are widely used. The introduction of a lower-power and cost-intensive series of M3 products maintains a leading advantage. Research and development of wireless mcu products is targeted at the need for networking. Development of mcu40nm process platform products is initiated. R&D and roll-out of new products provide insurance for future growth in company performance.
The company’s strategic cooperation with the major upstream and downstream suppliers is gradually becoming more effective, with optimized production capacity, quality, and delivery times.
The strategic investment combines the fat, smart microelectronics, and participation in the marketization of the power-restricted random access memory (rram) technology. Local governments, such as Influencing City, are actively exploring the re-launching of the equity incentive scheme, which has basically achieved full staff coverage in the equity incentive scheme.
It will greatly stimulate the motivation and dynamism of the workforce and contribute to the continued rapid growth of the company.  Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 1, risk of a downside semiconductor climate; , risk of a fall in product prices; , risk of a fall in product prices; , new product development.
The year 2018, the semi-annual report was published as a result of innovation. 218h1 companies achieved operating income of 1,107 million yuan, an increase of 18% over the same period, and net return profits of 235 million yuan and non-return profits of 219 million yuan respectively, an increase of 31% and 39% respectively over the same year.
II. Revenues and net profits have grown steadily, and investment in R & D has increased and the semi-annual report for 2018 has been published. 218h1 companies have achieved operating income of $1,107 million, an 18 per cent increase in the same year, mainly in the development of new products and applications, leading to income growth. 2018q2 has achieved operating income of $565 million, a year-on-year increase.
Noorflash expands high-volume products while promoting 55nm products. Nandflash38nm products have stabilized production and 24nm products have progressed steadily.mcu is high.
Quantities are achieved in the m4 series, which are widely used in new hot areas such as fingerprint recognition, wireless charging, etc. The introduction of lower-power and cost-intensive M3 series, maintaining a leading advantage. Research and development of wireless mcu products is targeted at the need for networking of goods. Development of mcu40nm process programme platform products is initiated. R & D and roll-out of new products provide future performance growth for companies.
The company’s strategic cooperation with the major upstream and downstream suppliers has gradually become more effective, with optimized production capacity, quality, and delivery times. Cooperation with partners in advanced technology and technological improvements has been strengthened, and the importation of new products is progressing well.
The introduction of the Equity Incentives Scheme, which has largely achieved full staff coverage within the Equity Incentive Scheme, will be a powerful incentive for local governments to actively explore models of industrial cooperation.
Employee motivation and dynamism, contributing to the continued rapid growth of the company.iv. Profit forecasting and investment recommendations,1 risk of a downside semiconductor climate;2 risk of a downside in product prices;3 lack of progress in research and development of new products
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree at the Chinese People ' s University, currently the Executive Director of the Associated Securities Institute. Joined the Associated Securities Institute in 2016, certificate number: US$ 03005160001.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.