Lower than expected but optimized product structure 603986.sh)
In the first half of 2018, Fu Chu Yu reported operating income of $1,107 million, an increase of 17.88 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was $235 million, an increase of 30.99 per cent over the same period;
(i) The harvest was slightly lower than expected, but the product structure improved.
In the first half of the year, the company’s overall Māori rate, 37.87%, continued a small decline since last quarter, but remained at a high level. We judged that the nonflash industry had been productive in the last year.
As a result of the adjustment, the overall stability has been achieved, low-volume products are likely to be oversupplyed, product prices are expected to return; medium- and high-volume products are expected to remain high. Companynorflash is expected to produce 512 mb of high-volume products and to promote advanced process node 55nm technical products
In the case of slc nandflash, the company’s product of 38 nm has stabilized and its product of 24 nm continues to advance research and development. We expect the company’s future revenue to grow by about 20%.
The overall Māori ratio will remain high. (ii) Multi-area layout, looking forward to future help company development, dram storage, layout dram industry in partnership with Fatty Chang.
The project is now well under way and is in the test phase. The company's real-estate owner, Mr. Chu, also serves as Fatty Chief Xiaceo, showing a new shift from building to research and development, and production and marketing. In addition, the company intends to pay cash by issuing shares in advance.
The way to buy Shanghai is now in a feedback phase. Shanghai is very strong in finger-touching chip, and according to the Fox News, it has a fingerprint chip under its optical screen.
Obtaining the oppr17 series of orders, and it is expected that it will be possible to obtain further customers in the future.
A complete breakthrough in the storage of products by companies would help companies to further enhance their future development space.
The company is fully configured in the area of storage, and actively enhances human interaction and development prospects. But the current stock price is implicit in these expectations, maintaining a “carefully recommended” investment rating.