The film profit ring continues to rise, with a prominent leader in the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center digesting high-value stock particles in the second quarter, raising the profit ring, and improving continuously in the third quarter.
510 million flats, with an increase of nearly 10% in the ring. The digestion of pre-priced stocks and the low price of q1 particles have reduced the cost of raw materials, and the second quarter of film flat profits have increased significantly. In the third quarter, the August output has been increased by an increase in component discharges, and demand in September is still high or continues to grow.
Prices rose with the price of the eva particles, and further price adjustments were possible to maintain good demand at the subsequent end, with the three seasons of the Poe class having a continuous increase in the share of Queens, and the second half of the year, with a strong demand for batteries, which is expected to magnify profit elasticity. In July, the company’s poe film was increased by the share of downstream n-type components, with the current Poe category increasing.
The price of the film is nearly 45%, and h2 is expected to increase further with the topcon release. According to smm, the price of the pure pe film is now more than 60% higher than that of the transvestite film, and the epe premium is 20% to the right. At the same time, the price of the poe particles is stable, and the company’s photovoltaic film is expected to be profitable and flexible with the pee.
Tens of thousands of tons of plants are expected to become operational by the end of October this year, and are expected to contribute to the increase in photovoltaics next year. In 2024, the project could be launched in Srbonne, the Union and the United States of America. On the other hand, considering the resilience of the device, Ming,
This trend will lead to a more important cost-control capability of the film companies and a match between the product and the customer’s needs, and will further highlight the company’s leading advantage. The backboard business is shifting to a more active, and the luminous, aluminum-plastic business is continuing to break out.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: the company has a photovoltaic film tap, and the market share of the film has remained stable; n-type batteries have increased the ratio of the poe-type membrane to a steady profit. We expect the corporate net profit cagr to be 43.21% for the next three years, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Foster (603806): high sales of backboards, membrane restoration (2023-05-04) Poe stock ratio (2022-11-01)
Foster (603806): Rehabilitation of the membrane for profit, high backboard sales (2022-09-04) No compensation of any kind will not be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.