In September, glass prices were expected to increase for the recovery of profits. The supply phase of the industry was overstretched and short-term earnings were overstretched. 2025h1, the company's photovoltaic business generated revenues of $6,945 million, a 28.10 per cent decline in the same year. 2025h1, the supply phase of the industry was overstretched.
Left, the mismatch between supply and demand has led to a steady decline in the price of photovoltaic glass, with an average price of $12.88 per square metre, according to the Sobi consultation, reflecting a 26.25 per cent decline in the same price. 2025h1, the price of photovoltaic glass is low, leading to a decline in the company ' s operating income and profits and a period of profit pressure; and, at the same time, to optimize production capacity.
Dun Yongkang’s structure, with some of the company’s kilns entering a cooling phase, has had some impact on the company’s operating income. August’s increase in the price of glazing glass is expected to boost profit recovery.
\triangleright Jubaino \ \ narrow \, or even some businesses are in a state of loss \ \ with the ability to produce light glass, especially small size, age of use \
Long-lived productive capacity is accelerating cold repair; at the same time, many new investment projects have been terminated or extended, taking into account profitability, approval policies and financing costs.
There was a higher number of glass-cutting kilns, a downward trend in industry stocks, and a better supply and demand of light glass.
Multiple advantages are expected to enable companies to travel through the cycle. By the end of August 25, the company had coldened three optical volts of glass kilns, currently producing 16,400 tons per day, and the ignition of the Ensign and Nanton projects will be based on
At the same time, the company plans to invest in light glass kilns in Indonesia to meet the demand for light glass in different countries and regions.
Short-term profit pressure, rising glass prices are expected to boost profitability.
2. Frett (601865.sh) tri-quarters of 2024: oversupply in industry, 24q3 short-term profit
FLET (601865.sh) semi-annual report 2024 Review: 24q2 profit ring upgrades, industry cold-repair and glass taps, with supply and demand pressures reduced, the profitability is expected to rise steadily and the “recommended” is maintained.
4. Frett (601865.sh) 2023 Annual Report Review: Lead profitable, productive and accelerated expansion of real head status - \triangleright
5. FLET (601865.sh) Tri-quarterly 2023: over-expected performance and significant increase in the profit ring of photovoltaic glass 2023/11/01
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.