The increase in the price of the glazing glass in September is expected to contribute to the recovery of profits.
The entire industrial chain in the photovoltaic sector is still undergoing a deep adjustment process, the demand for a photovoltaic machine has not matched the supply, and the rapid growth in end-of-life capacity has led to a sharp fall in prices across the chain.
During the photovoltage boom, while the price of light glass recovered in the short term, the introduction of new capacity in light glass caused prices to fall to historically low levels after the surge. Under intense competition, the photovoltaic industry was under pressure to earn a profit, leading to a consistent decline in the company’s overall performance in the first half of the year.
Companies have established and maintained long-term and stable partnerships with well-known domestic and foreign photovoltaic clusters. Based on value-added advantages, large-scale light-voltage-assembly firms have shifted from relying primarily on imports to domestic purchases and built with companies.
It's a good partnership. After years of accumulation, the company has established a stable marketing channel and has established long-term partnerships with a large number of world-renowned photovoltaic component manufacturers, such as Crystal Energy, Crystal, Australian Technology, Tungwei Solar, Lungi Green Energy, Jung-tae New Energy, Transco-Magnetium, etc.
The company has established and maintained a long-term business relationship with its home-based glass customers, in addition to its clients, and since 2005, the company has been a leading global supply chain through the audit of Swedish officials of large cross-country retailers.
The company’s share of the market is ahead and is expected to benefit from the increase in the price of light glass. Currently, the company’s share of the market is roe (ttm) in the top two, cr2 is more than 50% in the light glass industry, and the company is a first-tier company in the industry, making a profit.
At the same time, in the face of enormous competitive pressures, small, high-sized and technologically backward productive capacity is withdrawn or retrenched, reduced production capacity supply is expected to accelerate the liquidation of the industry, and companies, with their size, resources, and technological advantages, are expected to further strengthen the industry’s leadership.
Bits. According to smm, the demand for glass for domestic components was still increasing in August, but the stock of glass industry as a whole was rapidly declining in August and, supported by demand and supply in a two-way direction, the market price for plating glass was increased by $2 per square metre in September compared to early August, which is expected to boost corporate profitability.
Investment proposals: The firm’s industry has a strong position, and the light glass price increases are expected to contribute to corporate profit recovery. The report states that “positive” investors are only suited to use a study that does not have a higher risk level than “medium- and high-risk” and that “radical” investors are suitable to use the various risk levels of our division.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.