Furlet (601865.sh), Furlet Glass (6865.hk) q2 improved profitability with September prices expected to be repaired
In the first half of the year, the company had a light glass.
This is a decline. Since March, the end-loading has led to a rise in demand for light glass, a recovery in prices, a rise in photovoltaics.
Growing Gold Flows, 2024.10.30 3. "Freight Review: significant improvements in q2 earnings, q3 output reductions and accelerated cold repairs in low-price innovation industries in July, and continued decline in stock prices in September, expected
Rehabilitated. New industrial intensive energy released during the first half of the year, photovoltaic glass prices fell rapidly in May, and prices fell to $10.5/pm in July, a record low, measuring the industry ' s overall loss.
Quick, according to Chewie, from 2025 to the present, the industrial cold line of 15,000 tonnes/day, with 7750 tonnes/day in mid-July, the company cold-renovated three kilns (combined capacity of 3,000 tonnes/day) and reduced production capacity to 16,400 tonnes/day.
The rapid decline in the supply of glass led to a decline in stocks, which, as at 21 August, had fallen to 24.02 days, 33 per cent lower than its July height, and, according to the smm, the upward trend in the prices of the new PV in September was expected to lead to an improvement in industry ' s profitability.
Cash flows from operating activities continue to grow, with impairments delaying performance. In the first half of the year, the company maintained a positive cash inflow to operating activities, with a net cash flow of $1.23 billion generated by q2 operations, compared to +8% and the ring +639%.
Depending on market prices and firm cooling, it is expected that the return earnings of the company for the period 2025-2027 will improve, that the firm will have a significant cost advantage and a strong headline position, and that the demand to maintain “buy-in” will grow less than expected; that competition in the industry will increase; and that costs will fluctuate significantly.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market