— fighter jets on board.
> 1. Our first unit of fighter jets 2. Aviation equipment to meet development opportunities > 3. Company core military material development prospects
4. Impact of the reform of the pricing of military goods 5. Equity incentives to ensure performance improvement 1.1 Reorganization of assets is the birth of the first share of our fighter jets
In 2017, the China-China Black Panther injected 100% of the Shen Fei Group’s equity, while placing all the assets and liabilities in addition to the 66.61% shareholding of the AAT, and the main battalion changed its business to manufacturing of scavengers and defence equipment. The listed company became a fully-owned shareholder of the Shen Fei Group, which was responsible for all operations.
1.2 Shen Fei Group: the cradle of the Chinese strikers The Shen Fei Group, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China, was called “the cradle of the Chinese strikers”, which undertook the research and development of our strikers and defence equipment.
The largest modern strikers have been designed and built. Developments have so far evolved into a complete and mature business system. 1.2 Shen Fei Group: the cradle of the Chinese strikers. The main production models of the now Shen Fei Group include the 3-to-11 series, the 3-and-a-half-to-16 series and the 4-to-31 series.
Four-generation single-barrel, medium-range, third-generation main striker, and three-and-a-half-generation, bulk-loaded.
It's more mobile, with more than the major strikers we're currently in service, and it's been developed in the Dynasty-11 series.
Strong air warfare capability, taking into account the strength of the ground, is our ability to attack the sea in order to adapt to the strategic transformation of the air force.
New multi-purpose dual-use heavy combat aircraft to be developed on their own. 1.3 Performance is over-expected, or peaks in model delivery.
Shen Fei realized a net profit of $64,870.02 million, exceeding 8.4 per cent of the performance commitment; and a net profit from the first year of performance commitment exceeding:
For the second year in a row, Shen Fei has maintained a high growth rate of more than 20 per cent or a peak in delivery.
In 2015-2017, Shen Fei achieved operating revenues of $13.85 billion, $16.730 billion, $18.480 billion, a 13.9 per cent increase in the same year, and peaks in production in columns 15 and 16.
The structure of the product changed, with performance of an improved 1.3 with a higher Māori rate meeting expectations or reaching a model delivery peak, according to Worldairforce 2016:
The table shows the stock of second-generation fighters, including three generation/three generation half-generation 11 series and 16 and four generation 31.
Four generations of air control are now in the service age of F15, F163, with a total of 1220.
The semi-warfast is a high-performance sea-to-sea range of 84% and 16%, respectively.
Bombers, planes, space for demand growth, too.
The performance of Eastern financial and intellectual sources has been over-expected or has reached a model delivery peak. Holding shareholders have subscribed to a 70 per cent share of the financing package for the construction of new machines, and the confidence of the co-operators has increased.
As the Shen Fei Group reassembles its assets, we'll raise money to build new machines in the wake of the recent restructuring of the market.
As of February 13, 2018, 6 of the co-actors of the controlling shareholders.
Building, assembly, testing tests, debugging, building capacity to increase the company ' s shares with its own funds within a month, etc.) filed
It's a 100 million dollar, incremental solution, a company-owned shareholder airliner, 2. Aviation equipment is a development opportunity, and the military build-up is expected to pick up speed in mid-13-05.
In his nineteenth report, President Xi suggested that China’s socialism had entered a new era, and that the defence and military forces had been built. To ensure basic mechanization by 2020, significant progress had been made in information-building, and there had been a significant increase in strategic capacity, and efforts had been made to modernize the national defence and army by 2035, with a view to achieving a fundamental modernization of the military by mid-century.
For the first time in 2017, our defence budget exceeded trillion yuan, the second largest in the world, with an increase of about 7%. But our defence budget accounted for only the share of gdp compared to other military powers.
1.3%, which is well below average, is second to the country’s economic growth and the need for international advancement in defence and security, and the airline industry is or will be given priority. After the twenty-first century, the pattern of war has gradually changed, and air power has begun to take the lead. According to Worldairforce 2017, the United States has 13764 military planes.
2.1 A comparison of the strength of the US-China air force, according to Worldairforce 2017, is one of the most significant in the world.
There are currently 2,955 military aircraft in full third place, but the difference with the top America is still large, with 13764 military aircraft in the United States.
It's about 4.66 times as many as China, and because of high-performance domestic engines and motors \triangleright
The system is missing, the transition of three generations of fighters to four generations of fighters cannot really be completed. 2.2 Central America's main aircraft is comparable.
2.3 In the case of the United States of America, the ratio of military aircraft of all types in Central America is very high, compared with the under-representation of the three-generation aircraft in our country, and, more importantly, the difference in numbers is more pronounced.
The ratio of United States aircraft of all kinds to Chinese aircraft of all kinds is 2.4. Requirements for military aircraft over the next decade.
In terms of military aircraft requirements over the next 10 years, we have the greatest demand for three-generation and armed helicopters, respectively.
A thousand of them, for $30 billion and $15 billion, respectively, and, secondly, for the big, expensive ones.
Transport, we also have a relatively high demand, and the price factor has brought the market space to $50 billion.
The current batch of three-and-a-half-generation fighter jets with a relatively strong 16-generation capability is a high-performance ground-to-sea strike, first of all, in terms of position.
\triangleright \triangleright machine, which we believe will be the most demanding of the three generations, gradually replacing the two-and-a-half-generation blast,
Dynamite-16 is a ten-million-dollar oil model, and electronic warfare aircraft with greater potential for future demand are expected to choose a 16-plate platform, with 16-year-old multi-purpose fighters expected to play a different role.
Second, in terms of aircraft performance, the advantage of conversion continues to receive significant demand orders. \triangleright
Dynamite-16 is a big, high-flying heavy-duty fighter.
\triangleright, the future will still have a large amount of production equipment for the Air Force.
The fact is that its outer mount can be mounted on all types of missiles in service in our country, with a remarkable mount capability.
The name of the bomb truck. The future space for demand is about 3. The company's core military assets are expected to fly at full cost in the future.
The number of United States aircraft on board has remained constant at around 500, and there is still a gap between our forces. -31 uses a conventional air-motion layout with two puncture tails and a fully-moved flat tail on both sides, with large stubbles bent into air lanes and two rd--
93/ws-13 engine (advanced state-of-state-made push-ws-19) with a high degree of mobility.  We predict that, in the future, 80-90 dusk-31 may be needed for our two-cargo battle fleet if we go on board 31, excluding the fact that when a foreign carrier lands, it will normally be taken to the sea in order to prevent it from breaking into the sea.
\triangleright lands on deck at a certain speed, so even if you can't hang it, there's still a chance to come back and fly. So, the aircraft on board will take a lot of shock, land-based aircraft.
It is clear that it will be more difficult to remodel the landing gear and airframe structures when embarking on ships. Moreover, whether it be as much as 20 or 31, it will eventually be turned into a folding machine when embarking on ships.
The \triangleright wing, the Big Triangular Twilight 20 configuration, makes the weight and complexity of the folding body greater than D-31. Let's calculate that the folding width is 8 meters.
The length of the scaffolding component is 3.5 metres, and the length of the scaffolding component is 4.5 metres, while the flap is 4.5 metres, and the flaps need to be cut in two segments.
The Māori rate of listed companies in the military industry is lower. The average Māori sales rate in the military industry was 16 per cent between 2004 and 2016, which is lower than in most industries.
The net interest rate for companies listed in the military industry class is lower than for sub-system companies. Our average net interest rate for companies listed in the military category is currently around 2.3%, and the average net interest rate for companies listed in the sub-system category is about 2.3%.
With a 6.5% ratio, the total-loading company has a profit level lower than the sub-system company.
The cost of the full life cycle of weapons and equipment, most military goods, with strict enforcement of price plus pricing and pricing.
At the top of the chain, cost controls will be increased and moved upstream to sub-systems company products that are mainly matched to the general class, priced \triangleright \triangleright
It is already more flexible, and some military goods are purchased directly by the military as spare parts, but only in limited quantities.
For domestic military-industrial enterprises, the potential profitability can be drawn from the 5-10% net interest rate of foreign military-industrial enterprises. We have selected five major loading companies, revalued with a 5-10% net interest rate level, giving a ready-to-be.
4. Military pricing reform: the price of new machines will increase the company’s performance once the price of new machines is determined.
The aircraft has been delivered to cover the difference. Shen Fei has a large number of new aircraft, which are priced on a target basis, with a tentative price to be paid back. As a result of the constant adjustment of tactical requirements, aircraft functions are constantly upgraded, and postnatal aircraft prices tend to be higher than the original price.
5. Equity incentives to ensure performance improvement 5. A total of 92 executives and technical cadres are planned to award 4,07.27 million shares, with full goodwill and significant incentive effects.
Performance conditions are high and have a long cycle. The following conditions are met for the fiscal year preceding the break-off date in each of the three instalments: The completion of the 3eva (economic value added) indicator meets the test set by the group and the eva is greater than 0. Emphasis is placed on the overall business performance of the enterprise and individual performance is tied.
In our view, Shen Fei’s performance in the next five years is expected to accelerate growth. Moreover, Shen Fei’s earlier introduction of a larger equity incentive programme so quickly reflects the company’s optimism about the business situation in the coming years.
The air force's equipment is not as fast as expected: the poor intervention period in the public goods market.
A brief introduction by the research assistant on land, selection, civil-military integration, etc.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and recommendations contained in this report. We have tried to report on the objectiveness of the content.
Impartiality, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on this basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may be for that purpose.
Some companies provide or seek to provide services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.