Fighters on the plane, with high-speed air cycle, medium-flying depth report, medium-flying Shenzhen.
Reassembled assets gave birth to the first share of our fighter jets. In 2017, after a major asset reorganization, the company injected 100% of the Shen Fei Group ' s equity, which changed the main business to the production of strikers and defence equipment.
The group’s main production models include three-generation warplanes – 11, three-and-a-half-generation – 16, and four-generation fighters – 31. Shen Fei’s performance has maintained a high rate of growth of more than 20% for two consecutive years, while the company’s Māori ratio has risen or has reached a peak in model delivery.
Zhang, the future of the military industry, confirms that aviation equipment is a priority for the future. The establishment of the goal of a strong military is a sign that the future air industry is expected to remain high for decades. First, the scale of military spending has increased.
Zhang Cheuki is long overdue. The 19th report states that “the army of the people will be the world's best army by the middle of the century”, and that our defence budget in 2017 exceeded $100 billion for the first time, but our defence budget is the ratio of gdp to the Gdp budget.
The weight is only 1.3%, which is far below the average. Second, the airline industry may be given priority. According to WorldairForce 2017, the United States has 13764 military aircraft, about 4.66 times the size of China.
The value of the three- and three- and-a-half-generation aircraft in the United States dollar is approximately $3 billion per unit, and the market space for our aircraft is expected to be close to $10 billion over a 10-year period.
The company’s core military assets are expected to increase substantially in the future.
In terms of replacement space, it will be used mainly to replace about 100 Su-30 and more than 200 Su-7, and more than 300 replacements. Duh-31 is the fifth generation of single pairs developed by Shen Fei.
In the case of medium-sized stealth fighters, we predict that, if we go on board the ship, the future bi-cargo fleet of our aircraft will be officially in the advanced stages of military-industrial restructuring and civil-military integration, and that the reformed military-industrial products will streamline the pricing mechanisms and cost-contribution systems to promote business.
Industry strengthens cost management, removes some of the financial constraints, and releases profit space. Profit forecasting and valuation: We believe that the company, as the country's only current assembly platform for fighter fighters, will benefit fully in the future from the emergence of the state of supply of advanced weapons equipment, both old and old.
1. China Air Shen Fei (600,760) 2017 Report: Industry 2 and China Shen Fei (600,760) Incident Review: Military Core 64x50x39x, respectively. The market value is currently 2.35 times the value of ps, taking into account the company ' s current defence
The exclusive position of the platform, with 2.5 times ps, with a target market value of $60.5 billion, maintains a “strong push 3” and “Silf Middle (600,760) 2017 performance advance rating: a year-round performance exceeding expectations, with first-square jets approaching the model
The rise in the race has led to a sharp fall in prices.
The first unit of our military combat aircraft was reassembled with 1.1 assets, and the first unit of our fighter aircraft was born.
Prior to the restructuring, it was affected by the slowdown in the domestic economy and the increasing environmental standards of automobiles, the decline in demand for specialized vehicles, micro-cards, which are mainly low- and medium-end products, and the annual losses in the main business of listed companies. In 2017, the Public Department, after major asset restructuring, injected 100 per cent of Shen Fei Group equity, with the exception of 66.61 per cent of the original shareholding.
After restructuring, the listed company becomes a fully-owned shareholder of the Shen Fei Group, the listed parent company ceases to operate specifically, and the entire business is conducted and operated through the Shen Fei Group.
The necessary adjustments and consolidations to establish a management model adapted to holding companies. Upon the completion of the reorganization, the Air Industry Group held 72.38 per cent of the company ' s shares directly, 2.41 per cent indirectly through its related parties, China Shipping Capital, China Aircraft and Electrical Systems, etc., and the Aviation Industry Group and its affiliated parties held a total share ratio.
For example, 74.79 per cent is the actual control of the company.
Table 1: Details of the Sino-China Shen Fei Asset Reorganization Programme
The East’s rich and intelligent source of thousands of aircraft, known as the “China Striker Cradle”, is China’s first and largest modern chemical striker designed and built base. The Shen Fei Group is tasked with the development and production of our strikers and defence equipment.
The main production models of the Shen Fei Group now include three-to-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-three-generation, three-and-a-half-one-one-one-one-one-one-generation fighters. The Shen Fei Group produces a third-generation main-power striker and is currently serving in the country.
The series has evolved with a strong performance, a new type of two-way dual-haired heavy fighter jet developed by the country itself to adapt to the strategic transformation of the air force. The Dhoi-31 (Shang Fei Group) is a four-generation single-stage medium-invisible fighter with a more mobile capability, with a relatively high capability for air warfare while taking into account the ability to attack the sea from the ground.
1.3 Performance meets expectations or has reached a model delivery peak
The Māori rate has risen or changed the structure of the delivery model. In 2017, the company’s aviation product revenue was 180.95 for bulk delivery, changing the structure of the product to an improved or new generation with a higher Māori rate.
According to Worldairforce 2016 data, the current stock of second-generation fighters, represented by X7 and X8, is still 49 per cent, while the United States Air Force has largely retired second-generation aircraft, with a total of 1220 F15 and F163, and a total of 223 F22 and F354 aircraft, representing 84 per cent and 16 per cent respectively.
The main military model of the Flying Group consists of the 11 series and the 16- and the 31-generation series of 11- and 4-generation jets, which are now in bulk, with a more robust 16-generation crew of three-and-a-half-generation fighters, a high-performance ground-to-sea bomber, and 20-year-old aircraft with a full-scale crushing capability of the 3-generation mechanism in my country, which is expected to fail.
In the meantime, the Shen Fei Group's asset reorganization was accompanied by the mobilization of support funds to develop a productive capacity-building project.
(Capacity-building in the manufacture, assembly, testing, testing, testing, etc. of new machine parts) The total investment on file was 2,395 million yuan, of which 1,668 million yuan was financed through the mobilization of matching funds, and the airline industry, a company-owned shareholder, recognized as a source of financial prosperity in the East.
China’s Shen Fei (600,760): The aircraft’s fighter jets, which enjoy a high-growth cycle, buy a share of 70 per cent, about $1,168 million. The company’s announcement at the time of the recent market restructuring, and the concerted behaviour of shareholders in the holdings, have amply demonstrated the recognition of the value of the company’s investment as a core military asset and confidence in its future steady development.
2. The future high profile of the military-industrial industry confirms that aviation equipment is a future development priority. 1.4 The future high profile of the military-industrial industry confirms that the Military-Industrial Unit is expected to move towards a two-wheel-drive performance valuation.
It has been proven that new types of military equipment have largely changed the pattern of warfare, and that the pattern of the army’s organization is bound to change. At present, our army has formed a pattern of military chief, theatre chief, and army chief, with an emphasis on optimizing the size structure and force formation, pushing our army from a quantitative size to a qualitative efficiency model, and a corresponding system of information-based equipment is inevitable.
In the future, the aircraft carrier formation will be built with more than 240 billion troops on the ship market: our air force's fleet of second generation fighters is still close to 50%, and three generations of fighters are expected to be replaced by more rapid aircraft, aircraft on board, and helicopters on land; this will be accompanied by enhanced physicalization.
The military training regulations have been in force since 2017, and it is expected that the equipment for expendable weapons, such as missiles and artillery shells, will continue to be deployed. The essence of the new era is the improvement of profitability and the upward movement of the industry’s valuation hub.
At this point, it can be seen more clearly that military industries have the potential to price and raise prices, and that their moats will grow wider. We can make clear the following assumptions: first, improved profitability. In quantitative terms, the new era, represented by aircraft and tanks, has a high value-added weapon after addressing supply-side technical problems and bankruptcy bottlenecks.
In terms of prices, the new era, in order to stimulate business production and speed up international integration, will significantly improve China’s distortion of its weapons profitability in the light of the trend towards military price reform. Second, the industry valuation hub is expected to move up and down. In the new era, China’s military-industrial enterprises will expand their industrial chains through large-scale merger restructuring and civil-military integration.
The capital market is priced for military-industrial companies’ reforms, and the market value of the military-industrial unit is important. After a large-scale heavy grouping of US-industrial companies, the funds are used to nurture a small number of the most powerful enterprises, forming a military-industrial group representing America’s national level.
It is expected that the next step will be a “asset-combined” restructuring of our military industrial complex to build multi-military, cross-platform military system service providers, leading to a deep development of “one input, two output” civil-military integration.
The best way to regulate orderly, fair and equitable reform of the firm is underpinned by the pricing function of the capital market. In the process of consolidating the same items of assets to be laid by the military-industrial group, the market value of listed companies will be the best basis for pricing and will determine to a large extent the ownership and voice of asset consolidation.
Increasing effective supply and increasing the rate of transformation of innovations can be achieved by improving the efficiency of business operations through changes in systems such as employee holdings, equity incentives, etc. 1.5 Aviation equipment meets development opportunities, and military loading is expected to accelerate in mid-13.
In his nineteenth report, President Xi suggested that China’s special socialism had entered a new era, as had its defence and army construction. To ensure that it was largely mechanized by 2020, significant progress had been made in information-building, there had been a significant increase in strategic capabilities, and efforts had been made to modernize its defence and army by 2035, and to bring people to the middle of the century.
First, military spending is growing exponentially. The Congress proposes to “make the people’s army the world’s best army by mid-century, and make it a world-class army.”
In 2017, for the first time, our defence budget exceeded trillion yuan, the second largest in the world, with an increase of about 7%. But compared to other military powers, our defence budget accounted for only 1.3% of gdp, which is far below average.
After the twenty-first century, war patterns have gradually changed, and air forces have begun to take the lead. According to Worldairforce 2017, the United States has a total of 13764 military aircraft, about 4.66 times that of China.
Due to the absence of high-performance state-owned engines and electromechanical systems, the transition of three generations to four generations of fighter aircraft cannot really be completed. Earlier, foreign sources reported that the Chinese Air Force had recently held a seminar on the construction of a strategic air force, which for the first time designated the air force as a “strategic air force.” The conference called for the development of new types of long-range bombers, medium- and long-range anti-satellites.
Systems, strategic missile early warning systems, and enhanced strategic air transport capabilities. Currently, the US Air Force is the only military force in the world to be known as the Strategic Air Force, and the US is the only country that has completed the integration of aerospace forces, and the Chinese Air Force is moving rapidly towards the Strategic Air Force.
According to Worldairforce 2017, we currently have 2,955 military aircraft, the third largest in the world, but the difference is still large with the top-ranked United States, with 13764 military aircraft, about 4.66 times as many as China. And because of the absence of high-performance domestic engines and electrical systems, the transition of three generation fighters to four generation fighters is not real.
Figure 5: Comparison of the number of U.S. and China military aircraft (one)
Thirty-four-generation aircraft are in the range of 20 and 20-volume production: in the case of fighter aircraft, our air force is still dominated by two or three-generation aircraft, with more than 50 per cent of the second-generation aircraft, in contrast to the United States, which currently accounts for nearly 90 per cent of the three-generation aircraft, including f-15, f-16, and a total of more than 200 of the four-generation aircraft, including f-22 and f35, as well.
Four generations of aircraft will be handed over to the troops, the next two generations will be phased out of the historical arena, and three generations and four generations will be phased out. With regard to transport, the ratio between our large carriers and the large United States transport aircraft will be even more wide, approaching 1:12. According to United States military news, the volume of large transporters, including 20, is expected to be phased in.
The Strategic Network reports that China has built eight new transport aircraft at a cost of $250 million. We believe that the non-shipping of the 20-year market will require hundreds of them, and that the domestic market will be more than $400 billion in size.
There is still a gap in the application of a wide range of 10-ton helicopters. And from a world perspective, the 10-ton Blackhawk helicopters manufactured by West Kosky Aircraft in the United States are serving close to one fifth of all the world ' s helicopters. The extent to which they are used is clear, and we believe that our latest development of 10-ton medium-size directs is a 10-ton utility.
Straight 20 will be the same as the Blackhawk helicopter's success in participating in a variety of military operations involving our military, naval and major aircraft, with an estimated requirement of more than 700 units, which, based on an estimated unit cost of $140 million per aircraft, will bring over 90 billion market space.
With regard to coach machines, which are now dominated by the seven and nine coaches of our senior coaches, and whose fleet is relatively small, the Chinese Network reports that coach-10 (i.e., l15) has been in service for three years, with 135 orders, and that the future coach-10 has a huge market space.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the Chinese Shen Fei (600,760): the fighter jets on the plane enjoy a high-stakes cycle.
Figure 7: China’s fleet of aircraft of all kinds is the main combat force of the carrier fleet, with a large future market space. The carrier is the main combat force of the carrier fleet, which includes fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters.
Main platforms, according to their use, the carrier aircraft can generally be divided into three categories: attack, defense, rescue.
We still have a gap in numbers between the 24 shark fighters, over 10 straight-18s, anti-submarine helicopters, and two straight-9 search and rescue aircraft on American ships, which have remained at around 500 for some years.
Since 2015, the number of United States warplane F/a-18 series has remained constant at more than 500, and our fleet currently stands at about 20, with a marked difference in the number of fighter jets; from the number of single carrier aircraft, the United States currently in service Nimitz can fly nearly 100 fixed-wing aircraft and 10 or so helicopters, far beyond our fleet.
In terms of mass, the American media reported that the 10 aircraft of the first f35c combined attack squadron have completed their training and are on alert and will be deployed to the American carrier Calvinson in the future in 2021, while the four-generation aircraft of ours have not yet completed model validation, which is a big gap compared to the U.S. military.
The construction of carrier formations will be the focus of naval equipment development. Offshore Defense + Far Sea Guards are the strategic requirements of the Navy, which is indispensable as the Navy moves from shallow blue to deep blue. In September 2012, the Liaoning ship was delivered to the Navy;
The Type-Aggregated Replenishment Ship was officially launched in September 2017: the large missile destroyer, 555 for carrier escort, was also discharged in June last year. It is expected to be officially launched in 2019: the new frigate of carrier formation, 054b, is about to take off with the carrier ' s underwater + ejection, creating a wide space for aircraft.
The interests are increasingly diversified, maintaining 4-6 carriers simultaneously not only in national interest, but also completely free of economic pressure. We anticipate that three to four carriers will be underwater over the next 10 years, as the main carrier combat force, and that the aircraft will be phased in with the carrier; and as a result, the country has continued to acquire steam and electromagnetic power.
Breaking through, we estimate that the second and subsequent carriers will take off by ejection, upgrade the carrier's fleets, launch the carrier's water with ejection technology, and fly through the carrier's aircraft. With ejection technology, the carrier may have a number of attack aircraft of around 60, the defensive fixed-wing aircraft may have a number of 10, and the other anti-aircrafts.
The number of submarine rescue helicopters will also be around 10, far above the Liaoning ship. The aircraft market is nearly $10 billion. One carrier will be worth about $3 billion at a unit cost of $500 million for three- and three-and-a-half-generation aircraft. It is expected that in 10 years we will have 3 to 4 carriers in the water, bringing in nearly 200 ships.
The aircraft's requirements, and the corresponding market space, are close to $10 billion. As the technology advances, it is expected that the underwater carrier will then adopt a nuclear propulsion + electromagnetic projection technology, that the tonnage will approach the U.S. Nimitz class, that the number of aircraft on board will be larger and that the requirements for the aircraft will be increased further.
Figure 8: Steam-ejecting of American carrier aircraft, Figure 9: U.S. Nimitz class nuclear carrier, the source of financial prosperity in the East
The company's core military assets are expected to rise in volume in the future.
So, we think that the greatest demand of three generations would be to gradually replace two and a half generations of blasts, and that the high-potential electronic warfare aircraft in the future would also be expected to choose a platform of 16, which is expected to achieve a significant demand order with a different advantage.
Dynamite-16 is a new multipurpose double-hatted heavy combat machine that we have developed on our own to adapt to the strategic transformation of the air force. It can perform high-intensity air-to-surface, sea-to-sea combat missions on the same platform with different airborne weapons, with a greater capability of oversight-to-air combat capability and sea-to-ground strikes, and is capable of seizing airspace control and coordinated combat.
Important forces. As an ideal medium- and long-range operational platform, it has reached the level of a four-and-a-half-generation fighter in terms of overall technical and operational capability, and is an ideal alternative to the seven series of bombing, the Su 30mkk/mk2 series and the early introduction of the Su-27sk/ubk series.
First of all, according to the position of the aircraft, the ding-tao is a 10,000-dollar multi-purpose fighter. According to the different weapons mounted, the ding-tao can perform multiple combat tasks such as seizure of air, ground-to-ground bombardment, sea attack, and destruction of air defence systems. Unlike previously defensive fighters, the ding-tao is the core force of the future “attack” by the Chinese Air Force.
Second, as far as aircraft performance is concerned, the stun-16 is a large-range, highly mobile heavy fighter aircraft. The stun-16 is used with two nationally produced ws-10b engines, with a single-stage thrust of up to 14 tons.
As long as 1,500 km, and in addition to the air refueling of the thugs, these are enough to support this large-range combat aircraft for medium- and long-range strikes, long-range sea attacks, etc. The thugs, based on the aerodynamic layout of the thi-11, apply a large area of composite materials and strengthen the airframes, which have inherited the Su-27 series of fighter jets.
With regard to projections of the scale of the future XVI, we believe that even if the XVI were already in service, the XVI would still be heavily equipped and equipped with the air force. For the following reasons, the XII is an aerobic fighter, whose main task is to seize control of the air and consolidate the power over Japan and Korea.
The built-in chamber of Dynamite 20 is limited in terms of the number of bombs and the type of weapon. This is precisely the advantage of Dynamite-16. The outer hanger of Dynamite-16 can be mounted on all types of missiles in service in the country.
Four fleets of the brigade are equipped with a total of 16 troops. It is assumed that there are currently 48 troops in the ranks. From the replacement space, Su-30mkk has been in the ranks for 18 years, and its radar, air power, etc., has been unable to adapt to the present and future battles.
A fifth generation of Shen Fei's single-pattern, medium-haired and invisible fighter jets, using a conventional air-motion layout of the outer two-tailed, all-moveable flattails, with two rd-93/ws-13 engines equipped with two rd-93/ws-13 motors (for the advanced conversion of national production, push ws-19), with a high degree of mobility.
An air-to-air war was carried out by an air-to-air missile with two lightning-to-air missiles, plus two precision-guided air-to-sea missiles. The official modified “fc-1” was called “Dun-31”.
The mission announced that on the occasion of the 12th exhibition of the Pearl Sea, held from 6 to 11 November this year, two-generation five-generation aircraft will be launched, and that the high-end air equipment of the 20th Series, which is of global interest, will be shown in public.
In addition, Shen Fei, a five-generation airliner, has changed from “fc-1” to “dang-31” in the words of the media, a change in the name clearly reveals that the position of “dang-31” is more than just a foreign trade machine.
In the modern carrier battles, the aircraft on board are mainly responsible for the air defense of the ship and the warning circle of the ship's early warning aircraft, with a combat radius of 1250 km (675 nautical miles) and a complete battle radius of 1250 km (675 nautical miles) of Dynamite-31.
This can be covered. It's less difficult to remodel. When a ship is landing, it goes into the sea in order to prevent it from getting stuck, and usually takes a certain speed to land on the deck, so that even if it can't, there's still a chance to come back. So, there's a ship on board.
It's obvious that land-based aircraft have to strengthen landing gears and airframes when they take board, and it's more difficult to remodel the 20th. Moreover, the end of the ship, whether it's a 20th or a 31st, will be a folded wing, and the size of the 20th will make the folding body heavier and more complex than the weight and complexity of the 20th.
We measure that the folding width is 8 metres, 3.5 metres in length, 4.5 metres in length, and 4.5 metres in length, and the flaps need to be cut in two.
1.8 The reform of the pricing of military goods is expected to raise the profitability of the mainframe plant. The net interest rate of companies listed in the military industry is lower than that of the subsystems. The average net interest rate of the public department in the military industry in our country is currently around 2.2 per cent, and the average net interest rate of companies listed in the military industry in the subsystem is 6.9 per cent.
Corporate profits are lower than sub-systems. But, for example, for aircraft, the assembly process is high, the assembly process is complex, the cycle is long, the product is not less complex than the sub-systems, the profit level should not be significantly lower than the sub-systems, the sub-systems have a higher profit level, and the private sector is excluded.
The profit level of the stock company. And a lot of the product of the system company is for the stock company. (Of course, the military, the source of Eastern financial prosperity.) Table 4: Main ways of procuring military goods.
The vast majority of the military goods of the assembly companies are subject to strict implementation of cost-added pricing and pricing. The reformed incentive mechanism is that the total-loading companies should be easily profitable in order to induce the total-assembly companies to reduce costs, improve efficiency and quality, and shorten the life cycle in the future. Second, the subsystem products are mainly geared to the total-assembly companies, which are already more flexible in pricing.
Because of the expected premium on the military price reform, the high valuation of the total-asset companies is reasonable. The direct effect of the military-price reform is the release of the potential profitability of military-industrial enterprises, which can be consulted as 5-10% of the potential profitability of foreign military-industrial enterprises.
The valuation method is based directly on the operating income of each company, which equalizes the management efficiency of each company, the profit level of the different products, and gives an assessmentpe.
The preliminary level (under the net interest rate of 7 per cent) is below 50 times higher, and we believe that in 2018 it was officially in the middle of a market-based reform of the military-industrial system and a deep development of civil-military integration.
China Air Shen Flying (600,760): Combat aircraft in aircraft, enjoy a high-stakes cycle phase, and the reformed total military-industrial product will streamline the price formation mechanism and cost-concentration system, promote firm-plus cost management, remove some of the financial constraints, and release profit space.
Levels, and in the long run, the net profit level of the company is expected to release one-fold of its performance with no change in the size of its income, and we believe that the company, as the country's only current assembly platform for fighter aircraft, will benefit fully in the future from the emergence of a state of supply of advanced weapons equipment, both old-fashioned replacements and new-type re-licensings.
For the second year in a row, performance has been high, with the company’s main force-type 11 series, 15 and 16, or at a peak of delivery, while the company’s Māori ratio has risen or has changed as a result of the delivery-type structure. The former defence platform’s exclusive position, with 2.5 times ps, has been targeted at $60.5 billion, maintaining a “strongly recommended” investment rating.
The air force's equipment is not as fast as expected; the market for civilian goods is less than expected.
Hong Kong University of Technology, with four years of experience in securities, has worked in China, the Great Wall, and joined the East Hing Securities Corps in 2017.
The research assistant's profile is a tall, three-board, intelligence-making field.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East's financial and intellectual source of Shen Fui (600,760): The fighter planes on the plane enjoy a high-profile cycle, and my company has no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.