We're reporting a high-speed launch by the main fighters. April 16th, 2018.
Chen Sheng Fan
In the case of Shen Fei China, the market considers the company to be no different from the company listed at the other main military aircraft plant and valued higher, and we believe that the company is the only one in the main military aircraft plant that has achieved the complete listing of its total assets, with the best asset quality and greater profitability, and that it is expected to perform faster in the coming years, while cash is expected to grow faster.
The flow is more reflective of the actual operating situation, the level of profitability reflected in the cash flow is significantly better than in the profit table, and based on the reasonable market value of the cash flow model, the company’s share price is currently at an undervalued level.
The company ' s major business, which was restructured in 2017, was made for the production of scavengers and was the only company in the country to be listed in the master scavenging machine, currently producing models such as Dynamite-11, Dynamite-15, Dynamite-16, while the fourth generation of medium-sized fighter jets, fc-31, was also developing.
In our view, Dynamite-16 and Dynamite-15 are models that have led to rapid growth in company performance in recent years: Dazine-16 is a 3.5-generation heavy multipurpose striker that will be used in the future in partnership with aircraft like Dynamite-20, \triangleright
(b) Dynamite-15 is a heavy ship-borne striker, and our first carrier, the Liaoning, is now fully fledged. The second carrier, 001a, is about to be tested at sea and will continue to be built as our country continues to build.
From the company's asset-infusion program, the company's main aircraft company, the Chinese air carrier Shen Fei is the only company to be listed.
A company that actually brings its core military assets to the market as a whole, and thus the assets of China’s Shenzhen are better and more profitable, while downstream associated transactions account for a smaller share, reflecting the full operating status of the main military aircraft plant. Through cash flows reported in 2017 to China’s Shenzhen and payments,
The analysis of accounts receivable, related transactions, etc. shows that the company now has a very strong demand for its products and a fast-growing business. In 2017, the company received $11,069 million in advance, an increase of 277%, but the same amount of inventory fell, which we believe may be due to the fact that the company's products have received but not yet been met.
In recognition of the income conditions, actual delivery and profitability in 2017 should be better than on the profit sheet.
A steady growth in performance, with a large increase in the amount of revenue received in advance reflecting the needs of the product, a more reflective of the company's business, and a more volatile net operating cash flow from 2015 to 2017 from China, but the average post-processing net operating cash flow still far exceeds the parent net profit (the average cash flow average)
With a value of 1,664 million and a mother-to-child net profit average of 500 million), we believe that it would be more reasonable to value the company in cash flow terms.
We believe that the company, as the country’s sole marketed manufacturer, can benefit from the continued build-up of our advanced military aircraft, whose operations are high-growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The production and delivery of the strikers are not as fast as expected: the development of the new model is not as fast as expected: free now.
The gold flow model itself has its limitations and the valuation results are only a reference point. In contrast to the market view: cash flows reflect a greater profitability than a profit statement, stock prices are currently undervalued, and we believe that the current market expectations of Shenzhen are very poor, and the market considers the asset quality and profitability of listed companies to be very different.
Other companies in the military mainframe category (Chinese aircraft, China direct shares) are not different, and the company is currently valued at a higher value (a net profit of $707 million to the mother in 2017 and a closing value of $51.7 billion as at 16 April, 73 times the value). And we believe that in the company’s asset injection programme, the main military aircraft factory is the only real realization of the entire core military asset.
The city’s companies, therefore, have a better quality and more profitable asset base, are expected to grow rapidly in the next few years, while downstream associated transactions account for a smaller share of the business of the entire military mainframe. At the same time, we believe that the company’s cash flow statement is more reflective of the real business than the profit statement, influenced by factors such as the military pricing mechanism.
From our analysis of the company's profits, cash flow, etc. in its annual 2017 report, we concluded that the company's products were in high demand, that the China-China Shen-feng All called China-Hin-feng Company (hereinafter “the company”), that they were originally known as the China-China Black Panther, that they were listed in 1996, and that, until the start of the reorganization in 2016, the company's main engineering and logistics transport-type special vehicles, as well as hydraulic parts, were used to transport the company's main works and logistics.
Operations, in August 2016, the company shut down to launch a major asset restructuring programme, which included the sale of all assets and liabilities, the issuance of shares, the purchase of 100 per cent of Shenyang Aircraft Industries (Group) Ltd. (hereinafter “the Shen Fei Group”) at a price of $7.98 billion, the completion of 100 per cent of Shen Fei Group equity acquired by the company on 1 December 2016, and the renaming of listed companies as “China” on 12 January 2018
The Shen Fei Group was the first and largest modern striker to be designed and built in China. After the restructuring, the company's main business was transformed from a specialized vehicle and spare parts to a military aircraft. The first shareholder and the actual controller were still the Chinese airline industry. The 2017 report was the first annual report after the company's reorganization, and the company achieved operating revenues of $19.459 billion, a year-on-year increase.
8.82 per cent long (after adjustment), net profit to the mother of 707 million yuan, an increase of 25.58 per cent (after adjustment), full capital of the company of 598 million yuan, and the profits of listed companies that exceed the profits of the Shen Fei Group mainly outperformed the non-recurring revenues from the sale of assets for the reorganization.
The company's product is a major warplane and is in fast-track preparation. The Shen Fei Group is preceded by the State-owned 112th Plant (the State-owned Pine Mall Mechanics Company), created in 1951 and the Shenyang Flying Mechanism in 1994.