China Striker Cradle, looking after the company's production schedule 25/06/ 2018 In-depth study/Defence Force industry
• Past Shen Fei: China Striker Cradle, Three Generations Core Production Base Shen Fei is affiliated with the China Air Industries Group, which is mainly made of fighter jets, and is known as the “China Striker Cradle”, with one first-tier subsidiary, Shen Fei Corporation, and five second-tier subsidiaries.
• Mainly heavy strikers - 11, first ship-borne strikers - 15, heavy strike bombers - 16, and fourth-generation aircraft - fc-31. • Now Shen Fly: Snipers are the only platform on the market with equity incentives for long-term development
On August 26, 2016, the China-China Black Panthers stopped to plan a major asset restructuring. On January 12, 2018, the company changed its name to “China-China-Shen-Flying”, marking the successful completion of the Shen-Fe-Fe Group-wide insertion into the listed company, becoming the only platform for a-share-scraper listing.
Performance has accelerated and is expected to continue in the future. In 2012-2017, corporate compound revenues grew by 12.04 per cent, and the performance of parent companies is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
• Future Shelm Fly: New engine-style acceleration, price-fixing reform to increase profitability The U.S. Air Force and U.S. Air Force have significant gaps and have been replaced by future trends. World Air Force shows that only 37% of the three generations of SLA fighters are in service, well below 70% of the U.S. Army.
4-generation replacement needs, and Shen Fei’s performance is expected to grow rapidly. Total unit benefits the most.
The company, the future profit margin, may be increasing. • Prospective profit and investment proposal The company's only platform for listing scavengers, benefiting from the demand for three or four generations of aircraft for change and the ongoing reform of the military pricing mechanism
The new aircraft model was not installed as expected; the reform of the pricing mechanism for military goods was not carried out as expected. (010) 851275281 Quantified Report " Shen Flying in China (600,760) " : Unit
Right Incentives published to watch the company's long-term development. First, in the past, Shen Fei, China's striker cradle, three-generation core production base. Shenyang Aircraft Industries Group (SHin Fei) is affiliated with the China Air Industries Group, and is based on fighter jet manufacturing.
On June 29, 1951, it was officially created as the “National Camp 112 Plant”. On June 15, 1957, the factory was inaugurated, the State-owned Pine Mall Mechanical Plant. On June 5, 1979, it was renamed the nation.
On 1 January 1986, the name was changed to Shenyang Aircraft Manufacturing Company. On 29 June 1994, with the approval of the State Economic Commission for Trade, the fission formed the Shen Fei Industries Group, based on the former Shenyang Aircraft Manufacturing Company, which was renamed the Shenyang Aircraft Industry (Governance) Company Limited.
Shen Fei now has one first-tier subsidiary - Shen Fei Corporation, five second-tier subsidiaries - private goods companies, public goods companies, conference companies, wire companies, Shanghai companies - and Shen Fei has been working on a variety of models and thousands of strikers for more than 60 years, of which the first generation is Goya.
Sonic fighter jets 5-5: The second-generation aircraft consisted of our first ultrasonic striker-6, the first double-sonic striker-7, the second-high-speed striker-8; the third-generation aircraft consisted of heavy strikers-11, the first-ship striker-15, the heavy strike bomber 16; and the fourth-generation aircraft fc-31.
II. Now Shen Fei: The only platform where the striker is listed, the equity incentive for long-term development (i) The Shen Fei Group as a whole was listed, a single platform where the striker was listed, in 1996, the Chinese SEAL was listed. Prior to the asset reorganization, the China-China Black Panthers' main business was a special vehicle, a microcard, and a liquid.
On November 17, 2017, the company received approval from the CSRC. On January 12, 2018, the company was officially renamed “Silf Flying”, marking the introduction of the Shen Fei Group as a whole into the public market.
After the reorganization, the China Air Group and associated parties held about 75% of the shares. Prior to the reorganization, the company controlled the shareholder was the Golden City Group, and the interstate controlling party was China Air Industries Group. After the reorganization was completed, the Air Industry Group held 72.38% of the shares directly, its related parties, China Air Capital, China Air Electric Systems, etc., held 2.41% of the shares of the company, and the China Air Group and its associated parties held a total share ratio.
The example is 74.79 per cent, which remains the actual controlling agent of the company.
In 2017, the rate of growth was 34.16%, and in the last two years, the net return to the mother accelerated the release. We believe that the significant increase in the number of new warplanes or companies receiving advance payments indicates that customers are better ordered and future income security is relatively certain. In 2018q1, the company achieved a business income of $1,746 million, a significant increase of 468%, and that the product structure will continue to improve as the demand for downstream customers grows in the future.
In our view, the main reason for the higher prices of new single machines, the gradual wholesale production, or the higher level of net corporate returns is that companies will continue to increase their profitability in the future as products are upgraded and costs are managed.
(iii) Equity gains + equity incentives, and company interest in the future . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The quota incentive scheme, which combines about 4.07 million restricted shares, or 0.2915% of the total equity stock. It is awarded to 13 top managers and 79 technical cadres, with a price of $22.53/stock, valid for a total of five years, a two-year no-sale period and a three-year release period.
III. THE FUTURE FLYING: Accelerating the installation of new aircraft, increasing the profit margin through price-fixing reform (i) the rate of military spending rose at a rate of three years, with a clear target of 8.1 per cent for the 2018 Defence Force and trillion dollars for two years in a row. The country ' s economy has continued to grow steadily, and its defence investment has steadily increased.
Plus. In 2018, the Defence Force increased 8.1% at a rate of nearly three years, reaching about 1.1 trillion, a two-year breakthrough of 100 billion. But our share of military spending in the Gdp is still low compared to the ratio of 2-4% of military spending in the developed world, standing at about 1.3%. On May 24, 2018, the United States House of Representatives passed fiscal year 2019, which totalled $717 billion.
The Defense Authorization Act, with a 2.6% increase in military spending, represents the largest increase in nine years. The United States is starting a military expansion cycle that will trigger a rapid increase in global defence spending. As a result, our military spending is rising or will continue to increase.
Building a world-class army, with an optimal military structure. Our defence costs consist mainly of three components: the cost of living, training maintenance, and equipping. The Party’s nineteenth-largest party has proposed: to ensure basic mechanization by 2020, significant progress in information construction, and a significant increase in strategic capacity: to achieve basic modernization of the defence and army by 2035, and to achieve a fundamental modernization of the army by mid-century.
In the future, defence spending will focus on optimizing the size structure of weapons and developing new types of weapons. The naval and air forces will be transformed, and air equipment will be ready to develop.
To build an air defence system adapted to the operational requirements of informatization, improve strategic early warning, air strikes, anti-aircraft defence, information confrontation, air landing operations, strategic delivery and integrated security capabilities. The need for long-range offensive aerial equipment is urgent in order to move the national air defence to both offensive and defensive.
The objective of the transition is “to move towards an offshore defence-to-shore defence-to-to-shore protective-to-marine approach, to build a composite, multi-power and effective system of maritime combat forces, to enhance strategic deterrence and counter-attack, maritime mobility, joint naval operations, integrated defence operations and integrated security capabilities.” As our carrier is building faster, the space for future ship-to-ship strikes will be huge.
(ii) The second-generation ratio is 53 per cent, the third-to-fourth-generation demand for replacements is evident, and there is a marked gap between the air force of the Liberation Army and the United States Air Force, which has been upgraded to a future trend. The World Air Force shows that United States fighter planes are dominated by three-generation aircraft, representing F-15s, F-16s and F-18s, approximately 70 per cent of which are partially air force and sea.
The army has already used four-generation aircraft, represented by f-22 and f-35, representing about 10% of the total number of United States fighter planes, while the SLA fighters have largely accounted for 53% of the second-generation aircraft, represented by 7, 11 and 15, and 37% of the three-generation aircraft, represented by 10, 11 and 15. The four-generation aircraft, represented by 20 and 31 have not yet been used on a large scale. The core products of the Chinese Shenzhen flights include heavy artillery.
Striker 11, carrier 15, bomber 16, and four-generation stealth fc-31, which will benefit in the future from the need to re-engineer, Shen's performance is expected to grow rapidly. (iii) The reform of the pricing mechanism for military goods is moving forward and will fly, or will benefit directly from it.
5% of the cost is added to limit the profitability of companies. Military-industrial enterprises abroad are relatively mature, with the main listed companies being Locke Sid Martin, Boeing, Nosrop Gru, and so on. US total-assembly firms are significantly more profitable than our average total-assembly-listed companies.
The profitability of enterprises, as the reform of pricing mechanisms continues, the willingness of total-load companies to reduce efficiency gains, the level of profits, the evolution of pricing mechanisms and the coexistence of multiple pricing methods. Our military pricing has been going through about five stages: unpaid transfers (1949-1953), actual cost method (1953-1956), planned cost method (1956-1978), and multiple pricing methods.
Table 8: The characteristics of different pricing methods are 5% of the profits of the enterprise, and the costs are directly related to the profits of the enterprise. Military-industrial enterprises do not reduce the intrinsic power of the cost and lead to military goods.
• The equipment validation agency, in accordance with the equipment construction planning arrangements, takes into account the equipment combat technology indicators, initial overall technical options, financial sustainability, etc., and combines the parameter approach • the pricing authority organizes the price review body or equipment validation body, conducts a specific cost assessment of the design programme using such methods as parameters, engineering, cost review, etc.
• Price review bodies, which calculate incentive (constrained) profits based on price-based cost savings (overs) compared to the target costs, and, in general, undertaking units to undertake savings
At present, low profits are prevalent in the military assembly plants. For example, the net profit rate for 2017 is 1.53 per cent for mid-flight aircraft, 3.78 per cent for mid- fleet shares, 3.62 per cent for mid-flight and 4.4 per cent for interior aircraft.
In order to reward the proportional return of the plant, the willingness to reduce efficiency gains will be stronger, and the profit of the supporting manufacturer is expected to return to the industry’s average level. We estimate that if the target cost of 5% of the maximum incentive profit is met, the total unit profit rate is expected to reach 10%.
In 2018, the effects of the military transformation were largely eliminated, and the military industry was expected to develop rapidly in order to achieve the goal of a 19-Power military force and close the gap with advanced fighters abroad. The company was called the “cradle of a Chinese striker” and served as the only platform for listing a fighter.
From 2018 to 2020, we estimate companies using a relative valuation method: four companies listed in the total category of military goods can be selected as comparable companies 46 times the average value of the company for 18 years and 1.43 times the average value of the pe and ps. The level of the company is higher than that of the comparable company.
But, given the continued deployment of future new types of aircraft, and the release of downstream demand, companies will benefit significantly from being the only domestic market platform for strikers. Moreover, the reform of the military price-fixing mechanism is deepening, the company’s profitability is expected to increase, its potential for future development is enormous, and it should enjoy a certain value premium.
Table 11: Values of industry comparable companies New aircraft models are not as high as expected; reform of the pricing mechanism for military goods is not as high as expected.
Chen Yichuan, Head of the Military Industry Group, Doctor of Military Studies, Military Communications, Defence Science and Technology University, 14 years of military service, former platoon leader, company director, training officer, research assistant, April 2015 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, military industry research. Wang Yichuan, Research Assistant, Military Industry, Master of Finance, Fordham University, United States of America, 1 year of equity investment experience, 2015 Allied Civil Security Institute,
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence.