Awhollyowned subsidiaryofinamerchantsbank zte(00063ch) buy (maintain)
Solid4q20recoverywithimprovingmargin; lfttpto targetprice (previoustp)
tzteannouncedfy20preliminaryresourceswithrevenue/netprofitgrodof+11.7% crrentprice acrossallsets, sharegainchinaandimproving profibilityoverseas.by.
3/62% yoytormb27.3bn/1.666bn.inamixed backdropofglobal5gdeploymentandmacrouncertainties, webelievezteis
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know, and Raisedourtptorm41.7 badonsame31.2xfy21ep/e.catalysts lilyyang include5gbstandersand 2021racapexbudget.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something.
15.3% yoyinfy20, mainlyduetoone-timeassetdisposalgain3q19. i provingoperatingandfinancialmetrics.ztereportedrecord-high opratingcashflowoflamb10.23bninfo20e, up37.4% yoy, whelegearing
Weberlievetewilcontinue toimproveitsworkcapitalandoptimizebalancesheetstructure. majorbeneficiaryofglobal5gdeployment.aswebelieevichinese
Opratorswillkickoffnext 5gbtstenderin 1q21e, webpage 5gbtsnet-addstoreach800k/1mn (includingcbn) infy21e/22eandzte's5gmarket economicrecoveryandresemptionof5gbtsrolloutpostcovid-19, we
It's 9/18% caprduringfy21-23e. 12-mthpriceperformance
I don't know what you're talking about, reitatebuy; lfttptorm41.7.weadjustedourforeaststorreflect betteroperinglevereverevereverenewfxassumptions.wesightlyrateour targetpritormb41.7 basesonsame31.2xfy21ep/e, inlinewith2-year
We-chinadisputes, coplanentrestriactionand5gdeploymentsdelays. source: bloomberg audit:ernst&youung
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
41.7% (22.5%upside) weslightlyraisedourptormb41.7%basedon31.2xfy21ep/e, inlinewith2-year
Historicforwardp/e. webeliethisis justestockhasbeenmostlytradingon deploymentdelays.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform & international secretities limited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's a good idea.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's industrious, the company's industrious, recipientsshouldbeoulwarathat and bismayhaveaconclifictofinterestatcoldaffect theobjectivityofthisreport and the biswillnotatassemonyspresibilizationspeterof.thisreportisfortheuseofuseofuseofindicatedsciencelyandthispublication, maynotbe reduced, reprinated, sold, rededitedorpublishedinwholeorinpartoforanypurposewofoutpriorwrittenconsentof and biis.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) archerosfallahingwithinarticle 49(a)to(d)("highnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going, and I'm going to do it, and I's all, and I'm going, and I's.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
In the case of the specialtiesandfuturesact (cap.289), the bisgacceptslegalresposiabilityfortheconcentsocentsocentorsuchpersonlyto the extenrequiredbylaw.singareccipientssouldcontactandbisgat+656350400formattersattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwiththeotherport.