Information technology hardware and equipment take advantage of new capital opportunities, and the Māori rate and share increase bring continuing value Events: Companies publish their annual report for 2020.
Take advantage of the new capital opportunities. The net profit returns are growing rapidly. The company collected $104.5 billion in 2020, an increase of 11.81 per cent in the same year, and the share of global shipments from the 5g base station in 2020, as published by the mother's net profit dell'oroggroup.
The communications industry is ranked second in the world. The government and business brings in $11,272 million in total equity/flow (millions of shares) (yoy+23.13%).
For large domestic banking systems, carrying products, domestic server sales are fast 12 months high/minimum in dollar terms, leading to axon205g mobile phones with video cameras on the world ' s first commercial screen.
The q4 q4 performance was strong, the Māori rate was 31.61%, a decline of 5.56 percentage points from the previous year, and the Māori rate for major operators declined. We believe that the Māori rate will increase as the 5g build continues.
The global launch of the 5g construction cycle is expected to benefit fully from the boom.
Business capital spending is over $1 trillion, mainly for 5g construction. Compared to the 4g period, when 4g of domestic equipment entered the global market, global 4g construction has reached maturity, while our country leads 5g globally, with larger markets.
Ericsson, Nokia, Cisco, among others, has lost their share of equipment overseas, has demonstrated their technological advantages, and their domestic share has risen steadily. The Swedish government has banned China from entering the Swedish market, followed by China, and we judge that, in accordance with the principle of reciprocity that the Chinese government has always maintained, there is a possibility that Ericsson might be in China.
Market shares will decrease, and the boom will benefit. With the development of a large global network of 5g, the international market is expected to move rapidly to a level playing field of 5g, with unbridled chips, and with long-term competitive human and technological advantages, operators are expected to grow rapidly.
In the area of wireless products, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa.
The 7nm core chip of microelectronics 5g has been commercialized, building a high-value, smooth-evolved 5g network of wireless product enablers based on 7nm self-research chips; contributing to the efficiency of the implementation of micro-e-business for its 5g application
New competitive readiness will help to further highlight the excellence of core competitiveness in the main sector: complete the acquisition of 28.43% equity in Nubian Technology Limited. Continue the mobile phone business. 5g switch offers a good development opportunity for middle-growth terminal operations. 5g hands are expected to be in place by 2021.
The company is the world’s 5g leader, and we look forward to our future share of the global 5g market. Deep technology deposits, companies’ terminal operations are expected to be at a turning point.
(a) The process of internal digitization has accelerated, companies have broken through high-end routers and exchanges, smartphone sales have fallen short of expectations, cost controls have fallen short of expectations, and Māori rates have fallen short of expectations.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report