The strong recovery in the performance of IT technology hardware and equipment q4 and the continuing value of the Māori rate and share increase were events: the company issued an advance report for 2020. The revenue was $101,379 million (y0y+11.73 per cent).
This represents an increase of 2.85 per cent over the previous year. The net return to the mother was $4.367 billion, with both domestic and international operations growing at the same rate, the operator network, consumer operations, and political enterprises growing at the same rate, and the company taking advantage of 5g, new capital development opportunities and market patterns.
Total equity/flow (million shares) and double share increase in the international value market and increase in profitability. Total market value/flow (millions) as a result of 2019
The Division received a one-time gain of 2,662 million yuan, resulting in a year-on-year decline in the net return to the mother, but without covering up the 12-month high/minimum return to strong corporate performance and a year-on-year net operating cash flow of $10.23 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The global launch of the 5g construction cycle, which is expected to benefit fully from the same booming newsletter - 2020/12/27, with the 5g going on, allows more market space to reach overseas. Global traffic is expected to take place over the next five years.
Mid-City News (000063) The Middle-Changing Market Share Business Capital Expenditure is over $1 trillion, mainly for building 5g. More than 30% of the mass delivery of 5g will boost the company compared to the 4g period.
By the time 4g of national production entered the global market, global 4g construction had reached maturity, and my performance - 2020/04/26 led the world to a larger market of 5g.
Ericsson, Nokia, Cisco, among others, has lost their share of equipment overseas, has demonstrated their technological advantages, and their domestic share has risen steadily. The Swedish government has banned China from entering the Swedish market, followed by China, and we judge that, in accordance with the principle of reciprocity that the Chinese government has always maintained, there is a possibility that Ericsson might be in China.
Market shares will decrease, and the boom will benefit. With the development of a large global network of 5g, the international market is expected to move rapidly to a level playing field of 5g, with unbridled chips, and with long-term competitive human and technological advantages, operators are expected to grow rapidly.
Recalling that, during the construction period of 4g, in the early stages of construction, major equipment providers adopted a more aggressive price competitive strategy, which led to a relatively low rate of Maori in new tender projects, and that since then, with technological innovations, the rate of Maori in handy companies has been slightly lower, with some competitors having a peak annual rate of 44 per cent,
The company is the world’s five-g leader, and we look forward to the future share of the world’s five-g market. Deep technology deposits, the company’s terminal business is expected to be at a turning point. And as the 5g+ industry’s application is getting deeper, domestic digitization is accelerating, and companies have broken through high-end routers and exchanges.
Smart phone sales fall short of expectations; cost controls fall short of expectations, resulting in lower than expected Māori rates.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.