A significant improvement in the quality of business, elimination of internal and external disturbances, continued high research assistant Yao Jiuhua                                                                                                            :
The strategic development phase, which focuses on the operation of network operations while accelerating progress in business and consumer affairs towards quality development, has resulted in a year-on-year increase in operating income for all three operations over 20 years, with a net return for 20 years owing to the one-time pre-tax gains from asset disposal affecting 2019q3
15.18 per cent lower than the same period in 19 years (the one-time return impact of 2,662 million yuan was eliminated, and the year-round increase was 2.8 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother of 1,655 million yuan, or 62.21 per cent, and the ring of 93.57 per cent; secondly, the quality of operations continued to improve from the point of view of cash flows and liabilities).
Good: 20 years to further strengthen the management of cash flows and sales receipts, resulting in a net cash flow of $10.230 billion from operating activities, an increase of 37.38 per cent in the same year; and sustained optimization of assets and liabilities, with the same increase in the equity of the owners of ordinary shareholders for 20 years from the point of view of shareholder rights
In the last five years, R&D spending has risen by more than 10%, and core patents and industrial discourse have been increasing. In 2020, the country’s 5g construction wave has also moved ahead.
The pattern and share rises, and we expect a significant increase in the 5g share over the 4g share. On the sub-global market, it's healthy, focused on value markets like Asia, and it's steady to make a profit. 1, Mid-Engine Communications (00063); 5g is built.
And finally, from a performance-driven perspective, the traditional core business benefits 5g in the country, which will grow at a high rate over the next 2-3 years, while at the same time, ict
The case has significant advantages and continues to look at future performance. Comprehensive solutions are comprehensive, and as human and material resources increase their investment, the future will be another core point of growth for communications in the middle.
2. The Mid-Engine Communications (000063); 5g add to the base and emerging business, with the imminent and intensive release of red, repurchase, and industrial catalysts, and a gradual reduction in external disturbances, the focus of the current focus is on:
With the launch of the 5g3 tender and the upcoming launch of the operator's capital expenditure plan, the 5g will enter an intensive release period of industry-catalyzing, while the impact of the US general elections and technological frictions will gradually diminish.
In our view, the pressure of plate valuations is gradually released, and as the pace of industry continues, the plate or three, the Mid-Engine Newsletter (00063): completes the collection of more than $10 billion in non-public shares.
Plus R & D, to strengthen the 5-g lead.