The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services is entering a profit release period and is expected to double profit and value company fundamentals (RMK)
The company released its annual report for 2020 and its first report for 2021. In 2020, the company achieved business income of $10,1451 million, an increase of 11.81 per cent over the previous year; the net return to the mother was $4,260 million, a decrease over the same period; business continued to improve. The company grew by 11.81 per cent in 20 years, after deducting the 19-year proceeds from the disposal of assets in Shenzhen Bay.
In terms of revenue structure, the growth of business operators, companies, consumers, and 5g has spread from developed to developing markets over the past 20 years, and corporate operators will continue to grow at a rapid rate for 21 years. Businesses grew by 23% in 20 years, and supermarkets are expected to show strong growth curves for the company’s second business.
Māori Uplifting Trends? - National currency communications. q1 is a low season for traditional communications, with companies expected to realize net return profits of $1.84 billion, with the median increase of yoy still above 80 per cent after selling up to transfer earnings, further confirming the upward trend in profitability.
2. Māori was hit by a fall of 5.6 pp over the reporting period in relation to the company as a whole.
We believe that the significant decline in Māori by operators is the first time that the network has been established on a 5g scale. 3. "Structural optimization, good business, and maintenance of the 72nd grade." The total number of 5g stations is expected to be the same as in 20 years, with capital spending rising slightly.
One-stop prices will remain stable. At the same time, the upstream cost of the industrial chain will continue to fall, and the return of 40% of the gross profit on the company’s operator’s business will be an approximate event.
In the long run, Māori is expected to recover strongly and eventually achieve 50% + profit growth. At the same time, as companies accumulate years of ict capacity spillovers in the area of communications, firms in the second-growth curve move into fast lanes, semiconductors, smart drivers, etc., are expected to gain market recognition for the value of capacity in new business areas, and market valuation centres are expected to grow.
5g underinvestment, operator capital expenditure below expectations, increased trade friction between China and the United States, core people, and analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment