Communications (000063.sz) Communications system equipment iii incident: 20-year-old company report, total company operating income of $101.4 billion in 2020, year-on-year increase
11.81 per cent of the total net profit earned by mothers was $4.26 billion, a decrease of 17.25 per cent in the same year, and $1,035 million in net profit earned by non-repatriates. The growth of domestic operators, government enterprises and businesses was robust, but the decline in the Māori rate and the increase in the share of Māori fell by the same amount throughout the year.
Māori is 38.45%, an increase of about 4.9 pct over the same year. In the sub-operation, the network of operators achieved operating income of 74.02 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 11.16% over the same year, mainly due to the push of 5g wireless products, carrying products, core web products, etc.; and business operations generated operating income of 11.27 billion yuan, an increase of 23.13% over the same period, mainly carrying products.
In terms of Māori, the overall Māori rate for companies has declined over 20 years, mainly as a result of an increase in the share of low Māori products in the country.
A slight decline in the cost rate and a significant increase in net profits due to non-recurring gains and losses over the past year. Companies’ costs have decreased by 1.4 pc over the 20-year period, mainly due to a $11 billion increase in funding from sales/sales/financial costs, as well as improvements in the cash flow of the company’s operations, and the expected level and structure of the company’s liabilities.
Optimized. Twenty years of R & D investment, with R & D as a share of business income, 14.59%, up. Communications: domestic business continues to grow, with revenue from headquarters base continuing to be released; 20 years of non-mortality net profits are up by 113.66% compared to revenue.
In the context of high innovation in R & D inputs, a 5g tap focused on 11.8 per cent growth, a 5.5 per cent decline in M & D rates and a 1.4 per cent decrease in cost rates, mainly due to a decline in credit asset impairment loss and a decline in asset impairment loss.
In the area of operator operations: wireless products, continuing to lead innovation in 5g techniques and market applications, according to the 5g base 2020 released by the dell'oroggroup
In the case of cable products, 5g carries a full series of product-to-end deployments.
Communications in China: The basics are constantly improving, focusing on 5g, and China's largest all-luminous backbone network of telecommunications worldwide is successfully receiving and inspection, and the cumulative volume of fttx products is at the forefront of the industry: in the area of energy products, communications power products are collected by domestic operators and the Tower Company.
Top share in the bidding process. In government and business: Goldendb became the first in the country to be a fully commercial distributed database of national financial transactions in the large banking core business system; data centre full-module programme was used as a full-fledged vendor, winning the Internet headlines; companies were active in setting up new infrastructure, enabling industries digitally transformed,
In consumer business, companies publish a global front-runner, using axon205g in screen-screened video phones, and the market share of mobile data terminals has increased significantly, with a new generation of 5g indoor routers being marketed overseas.
Increased readiness of raw materials to deal with uncertain risks. Inventory book value of $37.980 billion, an increase of $6.03 billion from the beginning of the year. In terms of stock composition, raw materials increased by $7.53 billion, respectively, compared to the 4.53 billion yuan reported in the first half of the year, and increased significantly, owing mainly to increased sanctions against Chinese technology enterprises in the United States, upstream raw materials.
In the context of higher prices, companies have increased the availability of key raw materials. *Announced performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021, with a significant increase in performance.
90% of the company’s equity, confirming pre-tax profits of about RMB 774 million. The investment proposal suggests that the company has the capacity to have a complete 5-g end-to-end solution, less than expected in wireless, core networks, carrying, and operator networks, less rapid than expected, and more risky by competition in the market.