Li Tianfan has significantly improved his performance, and the quality of the company’s operations has continued to improve to a level where the company’s net profits grew by 77% in 2020. After deducting non-recurring gains and losses, the company is expected to earn a net profit in 2020
As the company’s Māori rate continues to improve, its future elasticity has accelerated the construction of the “buy-in” 5g in the beneficiary countries, with a marked improvement in the performance of 4q: the company’s operating income increased in 2020 on a par with the growth rate.
11.73%, mainly in the three main lines of business (operator network, consumer business, government business) generated a year-on-year increase in operating income. In the domestic market, firms pursued 5 g, new capital development opportunities, leading to an increase in market share; in the international market, companies increased their profitability.
A 15.18 per cent decline, mainly due to pre-tax gains resulting from the disposal of assets from the Shenzhen Head Office property project in 2019 The net profit of the Division grew by 77 per cent in 2020 over the same period. The 4q seasons showed a 2.85 per cent increase in the same year, a 62.21 per cent increase in the same year, a 93.57 per cent increase in the ring year, and a net profit increase in excess of the revenue, we believe.
This is an improvement in the quarterly round ratio of the Māori rate and a decrease in the cost rate. The company ' s performance of 4q has improved markedly, increasing profitability. Cash flow has performed well and asset structure has been optimized: in 2020, the company strengthened cash flow and sales collection management.
In addition, the Department continued to optimize the asset and liability structure, the asset and liability ratio fell from 73.12 per cent at the end of 2019 to 5g, the competitiveness of companies increased and the Māori rate was expected to improve continuously: 5g building in the country
Further progress has been made, with over 600,000 new 5g base stations in 2020 and more than 78,000 new 5g base stations opened. The Ministry of Information and Communications plans to build more than 600,000 new 5g base stations in 2021, construction of 5g will continue at a rapid pace, and companies are expected to build on the technological advantage of 5g to further strengthen their leadership.
Fifty-five 5g commercial contracts were awarded, with over 90 operators working with 5g, with a 33% share of the global market for 5g-based stations, with companies ranked second in the world, with increasing competitiveness. In early 2020, 5g domestic bids were tendered, with equipment providers having a lower market offer and operators having a much lower Māori ratio than in the same year.
The 3q Māori ratio increased by 1.4 percentage points and Māori rate improved in 2020. With the new round of purchases by operators and the expansion of the 5g network, companies are expected to move away from the pressure of short-term Māori fluctuations, with a positive long-term growth trend.
The impact of the epidemic on companies’ operations abroad is continuing. Appendix III: Consolidated cash flow statement. This report is prepared by Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report, i., or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report.