q4 net profits of the company have increased significantly into a virtuous and high-quality growth zone - Mid-Spring Communication (000063) - report on the evaluation of the issue 22 January 2021, China-Hing News published its 2020 performance report and its 2020 operations
The new communications facility in Shenzhen City is the company’s pre-tax revenue of 2,662 million yuan from the disposal of assets in the third quarter of 2019. After deducting part of the non-recurrent gains in Shenzhen Bay, the company’s net profit in 2019 was approximately 2,460 million yuan; if so,
q4 quarter 2020. Quarterly growth in net profits in the company's four-quarter quarter is significantly higher than the increase in revenue, mainly due to the company's focus on operating business, with the relative depth of 300 indexes.
The capital structure continues to be optimized and cash flows continue to improve. In 2020, companies strengthened their cash flow management and sales receipts to realize net cash flows from business activities of $10.230 billion.
This represents an increase of 37.38 per cent over the same period, with net cash inflows achieved for nine consecutive quarters; asset-liability ratios from 2019 were seen as representing companies' ability to sustain long-term and stable high-quality growth, in addition to representing good corporate financial indicators.
Focus on the main business, moving into a virtuous, high-quality growth zone. The company recently focused on the main business by gradually stripping off non-nuclear business, optimizing the resources while using the proceeds and resources of asset disposal for the inputs and development of its core business.
Buying small e-minorities and collecting funds for 5g key chip research and development projects and replenishment of liquidity.
Business architecture is constantly strengthening core technology, sustaining investment in the fields of chip, algorithm, architecture, maintaining technological innovation, upgrading the competitive advantage of the 5g industrial programme, and expanding the public sector ' s revenue margins in the 5g market. To date, the communication 5g strategy has been implemented.
According to the semi-annual review of the news bulletin ($00063), the patent for the chip was awarded 6500+ worldwide and the patent for the chip was applied for 4100+ in the first quarter of the 5g global battle.
Review _aaa_Small Communications (0000063) _Essay report _Small Communications Global Market share of telecommunications equipment up to 11%; Communications 5g base station outlet by Xia Qingjing
Forty-three% rise to 50% of q3, the global ranking rises to the top, the competitive edge of the market is gradually being established, and companies are starting to move into a virtuous, high-quality growth zone. Domestic markets are strong, and foreign markets are breaking through.
With regard to the network of operators, the Ministry of Trade and Communications has clearly announced the construction of 600,000 stations this year.
The target of 5g-related construction in 2021 will remain modestly ahead of construction, and the three major operations in 2021 are expected to boost corporate revenue and profits on a continuous basis. Consumer operations and business start in 2020 will reverse the trend in the future with consumer business re-integration and company technology in government.
The base is expected to continue the current expansion of operations. At the international level, companies maintain healthy operations, a market for good tillage values, and increased profitability, leading to a negative growth of China Communications overseas in 2020, with the best results in recent years. By September 2020, China’s communications acquired 55 5g commercials worldwide.
Contracts, working with more than 90 operators, 5g, are expected to increase overseas revenue in the future as the company’s technological strength increases. Profit predictions and investment proposals: We believe that growth in mid-spring in 2020 is a high-quality and sustainable performance
Business contributions have increased, and we remain optimistic about the future growth of the company.