q1 performance forecast, corporate combined strength improvement and effectiveness
The company announces annual revenues of $101.5 billion in 2020, an increase of 11.81%, and the ability to deduct non-net profits remains stable. At the same time, the company announces a performance forecast of 2021q1, which is expected to yield net returns of $1.8 billion.
• Focus 5g, the major contributor to the global 5g patent, with sustained innovation breaking out of the promise of marginal improvement
A steady increase in spending, combined with an improved competitive environment abroad, and a focus on corporate ownership, is expected to further boost market access. In government and enterprise matters: the full-module data centre programme is officially commercial, with a number of Internet headlines winning, while companies have worked with multiple leading firms to build model projects.
Axon 205g, a growth in the market share of video phones on commercial screens. The company’s recent establishment of a car electronics line is expected to be the second priority for growth. With the accelerated deployment of the 5g network, 5g technological innovations have led to a diversification of the range of end products and applications, and the ability of the main equipment to negotiate prices is expected to improve.
Higher performance, hopefully leading to multiple advantages such as communications plate inversion, products, customer resources, etc., will strengthen the corporate development drive, with the company as a 5g core asset thinner.
Unmarked, multi-lined surges and future business performance are expected to be higher than expected. Corporate Information Updates - Second Quarter Performance Marginal Improvements are evident, 5g Pioneer Market Dynamics are highlighted
According to the company ' s 2020 report, the company ' s operators and businesses have grown considerably, pushing the overall recovery.
Billion dollars, 23.13 per cent more than the same year, and consumer revenues, $11.27 billion more, an increase of 7.75 per cent more than the same year. Reversing one quarter of a year of negative returns, the year-round performance is expected to grow high. Companies achieved 1,036 million net non-returned profits in 2020, an increase of 113.6 per cent compared to the same period in 2019.
The output disposal gains were higher than the high net interest rate in 2019 and the net return to the mother in 2020 was $4.26 billion, a 17.25 per cent decrease in the same year, compared with 17.25 per cent in the same year; the initial equipment concessions in the construction of 5g resulted in a certain increase in the cost of the company ' s network of operators in 2020, and the network of operators increased from 67.03 per cent to 70.63 per cent, thus having a more significant impact on net interest rates.
Business network costs are expected to decline, and the recovery in net interest rates is likely. The company’s Māori sales rate was maintained at a loss in 2020, and overall profitability remained stable.
The company’s three-fee ratio is largely stable. The company actively controls its costs to improve its cost-control capacity, with three-fee advantages in terms of abundance, customer wealth, and better performance in winning the bid, and it is expected that the scalability effect will be demonstrated.
China’s communications 2021q1 performance forecast is bright: the communications forecast for Middle 2021q1 foresees a net return to the company’s product chain, a strong technological innovation capacity, close to changing market demand, and a sustained breakthrough in 2021, with business in 2020. The company has been strategically structured, gradually refining the company’s product chain, and has been working for many years to achieve its product.
Rapid technological upgrading, drawing on 4g lessons, is able to capture market demand changes, raise customer satisfaction, and multiple products are business start-ups and commercialization. In the forward-looking corporate deployment chip area, the current 7nm chip is in the production-scale phase. The company will continue to adhere to its 5g-centred development strategy in the future, further sharpening its overall strength.
Over the next few years, it is expected that 5g operations will be fully deployed, that the industrial chain will mature, and that companies will make marginal breakthroughs in the three main sectors of the network of operators, consumer operations, and governance. With regard to the network of operators, companies will continue to be globalized, steadily increasing the deployment of domestic international markets and market ownership. Companies will continue to expand their chips, algorithms, and networks.
On the political side, a five-g-centred and intelligent infrastructure of all things, companies will bring new business, new models, and new growth space to the ict industry. Companies will improve their access to key markets, such as finance, the Internet, transportation, and energy.
Complementing partners. Companies focus on new infrastructure, taking advantage of opportunities, and accelerating industry’s 5g landings and digital upgrading. In consumer operations, taking advantage of the 5g continuing mobile flow dividend, personal consumption experiences will be further enhanced, taking advantage of market development opportunities for 5g terminals and data products, maintaining robust operations in overseas markets and strengthening domestic markets.
The net return to the mother after selling up to $774 million in transfer earnings is estimated at $1.21 to 1.8 billion. Given the marked marginal improvement in the city’s camp’s performance, the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
The international situation has become more tight. Trade frictions between China and the United States have created uncertainty in the industry, escalating with the US’s restrictions on Chinese-to-Chinese enterprises, if not effectively addressed in the future, or affecting the advancement of the 5g building process, both domestically and internationally, and thus the expansion of the overseas operations of the relevant manufacturers.
5g below expectations. In the country, 5g is not expected, and operators push 5g to be more influenced by national policies, not excluding that some of the 5g base station products are premature to impede industry development, which has an impact on commercial progress on 5g scale, leading to a 5g commercial shortfall.
Chip manufacturing and production capacity are not yet mature. With power cuts, high-end chip production is in difficulty, and when former chip producers in the country produce and manufacture technologies that fall short of standards, if the national production substitution process falls short of targets, or leads to high-end chip production limits that affect industry development.