China Connect (600050) Communication blended into multi-faceted cooperation and improved performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The scheme includes the introduction of strategic investors and institutional reforms. Strategic investors subscribe up to about 9.04 billion new shares from Connecta.
Approximately $61.73 billion for the acquisition and transfer of 1.9 billion shares and transfer of approximately $12.98 billion; Connect proposes to award 850 million restricted shares at $3.79 per share to core staff. When the mixage programme is on the ground, the Connecta Group company holds 36.7 per cent of the shares of the Connecta equity company, with 35.2 per cent of strategic investors.
Industrial equity incentives 2.7% and public shareholders 25.4% of the net funds raised will be used by the connected operators to upgrade 4g capabilities, 5g network technology validation, related business enablers and network pilot commercial construction projects, and strong alliances to achieve multi-dimensional and multi-layered cooperation.
Companies can and are strategic investors in areas such as family Internet, payment finance, cloud computing, big data, network of goods, cdn, and system integration, and innovating and working together to win.
Connecting mechanisms will be more flexible and competitive in the market. Taking advantage of the opportunity to seek new performance growth points by pooling resources across all categories will result in a significant release of performance, or will become a hybrid.
In the first half of 2017, the cost of the business model was $131.8 billion, a decrease of 3% over the same period last year. In mobile operations in particular, companies speeded up their networking, 4g.
Competitiveness has improved, with revenues from mobile operations amounting to RMB 76.8 billion, an increase of 5.2% over the same period last year.
On the 5g side, companies have a more complete plan to move from technology programmes to business applications, building overall 5g ecology, and promoting 5g standardization and commercial applications, which are important for companies to move out of a low profile.
In September 2016, the Commission demarcated the Connected Group, the East China Group, the Southern Power Network, the Al Qaeda Group, the Chinese Nuclear Construction Group, the Chinese People’s Republic of China, the Chinese People’s Republic of China, and the Chinese People’s Republic of China.
In October 2016, the Consortium studied and discussed the implementation of the mixed ownership reform in the spirit of the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the relevant national policies. China Connect actively promoted the mixed ownership reform, which was the only group-wide hybrid pilot unit, to improve governance, enhance incentives, and make changes.
Integration programmes include the introduction of strategic investors and institutional reforms. Strategic investors subscribe to the Connecta stock company for about 9.40 billion new shares and buy 1.9 billion Associated A equity shares from the Connected Group, which has been expanded to take stock.
4 billion, or 188%, of light interconnection technology; 4 billion, or 188%, of the Huairou Ark Information Fund; and 700 million, or, of the springs Fund. After mixing, the Connected Group company held 36.7% of the shares in the Connecteda Corporation, 35.2% of the strategic investors, 2.7% of the employee equity incentive, and 25.4% of the public shareholders in this net collection, which will be used by the Connected Operations Company.
Upgraded capacity at 4g, 5g group network technology validation, related business enabler and network pilot commercial construction projects, and innovative business development
Strategic investors subscribe to some 9 billion new shares from Connecta and buy 1.9 billion Connecta shares from Connect (bvi), which have been issued since the expansion
(bvi) It is proposed to award about 850 million restricted shares to core staff at a price that will bring in powerful strategic investors per people, in synergy with development, innovative cooperation with external resources, and win-win results.
The four most powerful Internet companies in China have been introduced into four categories: one is China's four most powerful Internet companies, which can cooperate in depth in the areas of retailing systems, channel contact points, content aggregation, home Internet, payment finance, cloud computing, big data, and material networking; the other is a vertical industry company, which cooperates in the areas of networking, cdn and system integration; and the third is a financial enterprise/industry cluster.
The company’s mix-up program consists of employee-share schemes, introduction of market-based incentives, and enhancement of the company’s dynamism and efficiency.
In general, mixing is a new opportunity for China to take advantage of the opportunity, and China will either become a hybrid pole and seek new performance gains by pooling resources.
Long-term, significant release of performance, promising prospects. According to the company’s semi-annual report, in the first half of 2017, the company’s main business income amounted to RMB 12.41 billion, an increase of about 3.2 per cent over the same period last year, showing signs of a rebound in performance, indicating that the business model was in the early stages of transition after the company had fully deepened its focus strategy.
The net profit attributable to parent companies in the first half of the year was 778 million yuan, an increase of 74.3 per cent over the same period last year, compared to China ' s movement, China moved 2.6 times the operating income of connectivity in 2016 and 44 times the operating profit of connectivity; in the first half of 2017, China ' s mobile operating income amounted to 3889 million yuan, an increase of 5.0 per cent over the same period in the previous year, a gain of 2.8 times that of China ' s connectivity.
80 times the number of connections, and China’s connectivity performance continues to improve considerably. During the first half of the year, corporate mobile subscribers reached 269 million, 4g of which reached 139 million, about 20% of China’s mobile 4g user size, and the gap between telecommunications and China was narrowed.
In the first half of 2017, income from mobile operations was projected at RMB 76.8 billion, an increase of about 5.2 per cent over the same period last year.
With respect to grid-fixing, companies make full use of the network capacity created by fibre-optic modifications to boost user consumption and integrate it with high bandwidth products, video-applying belts. As a result of China’s mobile intervention, the domestic market for sequestered broadband has become more competitive, with company revenues equal to the same period last year, with revenues of 46.6 billion yuan. At present, the company’s broadband user size stands at 76.92 million.
Households account for 26% of the country’s total broadband users, China moves more than Chinese connectivity, 1.2 times the size of China’s connectivity users, and China’s telecommunications are 1.6 times the size of China’s connectivity. As the speed-down fee continues, the fixed broadband user arpu continues to go down, and the firmness of the network continues to be under some pressure.
Figure 6: China ' s connectivity broadband subscribers for January-June 2017 3 Strategic planning is clear, physical networking and a 5g dual-drive company focused layout networking, management platforms and open platforms are focused. Companies have been established at the group level earlier.
The creation of the Property Networking Office and the establishment in each province of a network working group led by the Deputy Director-General of provincial companies and involving the relevant departments to create a first-class network connection service, achieve a global platform for communication, diversify the open cooperation and pilot network industry, and transform to industry, polymers, and application service providers. China Connect is mainly at the end level to consolidate resources and promote terminal standardization and smallness.
At the network level, it is mainly the creation of a network and information operating platform to support operations such as business recognition, classification management, qos and safety and security: at the application level, the focus is on cooperative development, intermediate development, and simultaneous development of emtc and nb-iot. Emtc and nb-iot are key to the network of operators.
During the World Mobile Communications Conference in Shanghai, China and Ericsson and Hightower jointly announced the first global success of a demonstration of applications based on emtcvolte. At the same time, the company developed speed in the field of nb-iot, and in 2015, it built 15 base stations in the Disney region, deploying geomagne based on nb-iot for about 400 parking spaces.
In May 2016, the Shanghai Networking Association of China ' s nb-iot Industry Association was co-sponsored to promote cooperation and the establishment of an eco-circle for enterprises operating up and down the industrial chain. In May 2016, the China Networking Networking with Narrowbands trial commercial launch meeting and an eco-forum on the Internet were held in Shanghai, and three were published.
An important initiative was the formal launch of the China Associated Narrowband Network Joint Open Laboratory (Shanghai) to build a narrow belt networked ecological system with connectivity at its core, based on a platform, and the joint construction and release of a public utility service platform to provide end-to-end solutions for end-of-life and water and electrical operators to quickly achieve their industry wisdom.
China Connect is actively promoting the nb-iot and emtc technology pilots, one based on in-house experiments, the other on the China Connectivity Network, the Open Laboratory, which mainly promotes the docking of various types of network technologies, and the other on the outside, where China Connect is already in over 10 countries.
The advantage of 5g is not only to access speed and density of traffic, but also to penetrate into the network, to achieve intelligent cities, environmental monitoring, intelligent agriculture, industrial automation, medical instruments, unmanned, unmanned,
The depth of household appliances and hand-held communication terminals combines 5g to create new possibilities for the object network cellular equipment. The company's multi-purpose network built a 5g field experiment base in Shanghai, completing a 5g high- and low-frequency area series deployment, creating the company's first 5g high- and low-frequency double-frequency test site. The company first targets 5g coverage, mobility, high-low-frequency integration, upper-line spectrum sharing, etc.
A series of technology programs were validated. For the next 5g, China Connect planned in detail: 5g end-to-end network architecture key technology layout completed by the end of 2016 and 5 gopenlab construction completed to meet 5g business demonstration and single point technical validation: 5g wireless critical technology completed throughout 2017, 5g network critical technology, 5g transfer critical technology, 5g Ann
Research on all key technologies; laboratory validation of 5g key technologies (5 gopenlab) and China-connected 5g network building programme completed throughout 2018: 5g off-site network validation completed throughout 2019: starting in 2020, the formal commercialization of the China-Connect 5g mobile communications network will be achieved. In the future, companies will deepen from technology programmes to business applications and build a total of 5g
Ecology, promoting 5g standardization and commercial applications, and seizing 5g opportunities are important for companies to move out of a low profile. Figure 9: China ' s overall connectivity 5g process
It is expected that the increase in size will increase and be maintained at 5 per cent, assuming that arpu will remain unchanged at $48. Assumption 2: As a result of increased competition in the overall fixed network market, it is assumed that the growth of fixed network users will slow, and as a result, the fixed network user arpu will show a slight decline. Assumption 3: Companies will focus on the expansion of operations such as idc, video, object networking, etc., and innovation will move faster;
Assumption 4: Corporate costs are measured in proportion to the size of business income. We appreciate the great dynamism and improved performance expectations of the company as a result of the mix, covering it for the first time, with an “upscaling” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.