Aerial power (600893.sh) increases revenue, returns performance to the fast track, bows down to the forest.
The company published three quarterly reports, which generated a revenue of 12,998 million, an increase of 3.16 per cent from the same year, a net gain of 365 million from the mother, an increase of 21.54 per cent from the same year and an increase of 0.19 per cent from the same year.
Our analysis and diagnosis: (i) Improved quality of company operations and significant growth in performance 3.16 per cent increase in corporate revenue on a year-on-year basis, benefiting from aviation engines and derivatives in the current period
Increased delivery, with a positive return of 21.54% over the same period. For this reason, we believe that the fall in the cost rate of nearly 1 percentage point during the company period is a major contributing factor, reflecting an improvement in the quality of the company ' s operations; and, secondly, because the company controls the stockholders at dawn.
The total profit of the division has declined on a year-on-year basis, and the decline in the rights of minority shareholders is one of the factors. (ii) With the refinancing programme in place, the carrier will be motivated to sail for hundreds of millions of dollars to repay the loanable interest of financial institutions and to supplement liquidity.
The financing programme has been successfully implemented, and the company will be light-loaded and will be able to re-engineer its fast track. As the leading company in China’s aviation engine industry, the company has brought together almost all the spectrum of the country’s aerodynamics host business and is a major domestic supplier of three generation of aircraft-type engines.
The company also has a central advantage in the field of aviation engine derivative gas turbines, and is one of the leading domestic companies. According to China-China Intelligence Network, by 2020, the country's air-engine market will have reached hundreds of billions of dollars in size and wide market space.
(iii) The company will continue to benefit from a process of state-owned business reform, with China Shipping Group ' s current asset securitization rate of about 55 per cent and four studies under the banner.
In addition, in the current wave of corporate diversification, companies are expected to benefit in the future by exploring different ways of achieving it.