The balance sheet improvement is clear, and the long-term growth logic will be measured against the wind drive.
The company published three-quarter reports in 2017, yielding 12.998 billion yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 3.16 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to the mother of 365 million yuan, an increase of 21.54 per cent in the same year; net profit on deduction to the mother of 274 million yuan, an increase of 37.07 per cent in the same year; and revenue on a basic basis of 0.19 yuan per share, a smooth performance on the third quarter, an overall increase of 5.24 billion yuan in the third quarter, a marginal increase of 1.55 per cent in the same quarter, a net gain of 1.55 per cent in the single season.
The profit was 218 million yuan, a slight decline of 6.85 per cent over the same period. In the first three quarters, income was increased by 3.16 per cent over the same period, net profit from non-repatriation increased by 37.07 per cent over the same period, net profit from non-repatriation was increased at a significantly higher rate than at the end of income, and we judge that the increase in the share of high Maori was mainly due to the continued optimization of the company’s business structure, the higher rate of delivery of aviation engines and derivatives.
An increase of $10 billion has been implemented, the balance sheet has improved significantly, and there is still a potential for a downward adjustment in financial cost rates that will continue to facilitate the release of profit space. The Public \triangleright Division implemented a public release of $10 billion at the end of September 2017, and raised funds in exchange for self-financing returns as at 9 October
The combined maturity of the Department and the three major engine mainframes in the amount of approximately $5.25 billion is reflected in a marked improvement in the asset-liability rate in the third quarter, which has not improved from the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, compared to the 2.78 per cent reported, and our judgement is that it is mainly because the improvement in the financial-cost rate is lagging behind the improvement in the asset-liability ratio.
The company’s long-term growth logic is highly certain. The company is the only domestic supplier of three generations of warplane-type engines in the country, scarce and \triangleright.
Unique, with a steady expectation of growth in performance, and well-defined, independent of external situations such as the economic situation, this characterization is also uniquely supported by the “two-to-one” approach. We believe that corporate performance is now at a point of upwards, and is about to reach its peak in the second half of the “13-to-five” arms delivery cycle, with an over-line series of engines that will mature over the next few years.
The country’s average net interest rate is currently around 2.3% for military-industrial companies. \triangleright
The average net interest rate for sub-system-type military-industrial companies is 6.5 per cent, and we have organized the net profit levels of nine large foreign-scale military-industrial-listed companies, including Loma, ge, with an average value of 7.9 per cent and well above the shipping power net interest rate level of 4.1 per cent in 2016.
The size of the operation and the complete production system, in turn, dominate and lead the country’s militaristic and industrial development system, culminating in accelerated growth at an expansive rate, thereby fully enjoying the enormous market opportunities for the modernization of national defence. Air-engine models are not as mature as expected, and companies’ performance is not released as expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, analyzes his own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.