Three points of thought about the dynamics of the ship, an assessment of the dynamics of the ship's launch.
Chairman Cao Jiangu, has just been elected as a Central Alternate. In a small number of military industrial companies, the establishment of a small-time airliner has been able to join as an alternate member, no doubt reflecting the high priority that the country attaches to the aviation engine industry.
The next three years will be a new era of witnessing engine breakthroughs in such countries as Tai Qian. Three years have changed dramatically, and five years have changed: this is the State Department’s valedictory response to the NASDA Group. Here is a three-point reflection on the medium- and long-term value of our investment in the dynamics of the voyage (60893).
The certainty of future growth. The scarcity and uniqueness of the driving forces of the voyage are remarkable. Companies have stable expectations of growth in their performance, and 10 \trianglerights are determined to be independent of external situations, such as the economic situation. This certainty is uniquely supported by the "two machines."
The first is that in May 2016, China's Afford Group separated from China's industrial system, creating an independent military-industrial company in the context of a merger of state companies. The Chairman of the Afford Group, Cao Jiangu, has just been elected as a central alternate member, reflecting the importance that the country attaches to aviation engines.
At the same time, more than $100 billion in dedicated financial support from the “two planes” has been given to the Group from the point of view of implementable landing, and the second is that, in the future, macroeconomic growth will be smooth, resources will necessarily be concentrated in large and medium-sized enterprises with high-risk resilience.
2. Performance releases are accelerated in years 3-5 of the five-year plan, with models exceeding expectations. Core military-type enterprises tend to be more cyclical, delivering products according to the military’s five-year cycle of orders. According to our statistics on the last two five-year cycles of the MIG on the market, MCI’s performance releases tend to accelerate from the third year, with revenues and profits accounting for 70 to 75 per cent of the total for the next three years, and the next two years.
This does not take into account the positive impact on financial costs of the current $10 billion incremental program implementation. Figure 1: The performance of the military-industrial company in the last decade unleashes the rhythm of Eastern financial booms.
At present, too-hair series engines are maturing, with a key indicator of 1,000 hours of failure, an average no- trouble interval or an excess of imported Russian engines, and the reality can be seen in the change of performance tubes at the Shenyang Dawn engine assembly plant, which is responsible for the production of too-hair engines. Dawn received 48.9% of total air power revenue in the first half of 2017, and revenue from aviation products in 2015-2017h1 increased by 6.5.5%/15.7%/4.4%, respectively.
The growth trend is clear, and is supported by the assumption of gradual nationalization of the 10 series of vortex engines after they have matured in bulk. We predict that, by the end of the 13th century, the revenue from the three generations of air power will have doubled as compared to the present.3 Reforms benefiting from future military pricing rules have landed. The average net interest rate of our military companies listed in the total suit is now around 2.3 per cent.
The average net interest rate of the \triangleright sub-system-type military-industrial companies was 6.5 per cent, and we organized the net profit levels of the nine large foreign-owned military-industrial-listed companies, including Loma, ge etc., at an average of 7.9 per cent and well above the 2016 net interest rate level of 4.1 per cent for the power of navigation, which is conservatively projected to be launched over the next 10 years.
In the long run, the blue-forming attributes and the scarce value of the assets of the military-industrial companies will grow. The total-assembly companies have a sufficient volume of products, a significant scale of operations, and a complete production system, which in turn dominates and leads the national military-industrial development system, and eventually manifests itself in accelerated outreach.
The air engine model is not as mature as expected; the company’s performance is not as productive as it is expected.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East analyzes his own research views.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies