On 27 October, the company released its third quarterly report for 2017, which achieved business income of $12,298 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 3.16 per cent compared to the previous three quarters; and a net return of $365 million, an increase of 21.54 per cent compared to the previous three quarters.
\triangleright performance growth is consistent and is expected to continue to rise in the future 3rd quarter 2017, the company achieved net return profit of $365 million, an increase of 21.54 per cent over the previous quarter.
The main reason for this increase in the delivery of the company’s current aviation engines and derivatives, as we have previously reported, is the increase over the previous year. Among these, the implementation of the new government subsidy guidelines has hedged the financial costs of the discounted funds, and the company now earns $6.556 million out of business, a 45.19 per cent reduction in the same amount.
The company's performance is expected to continue to improve with the gradual installation of three generations of aircraft.
In the end, nearly 10 billion yuan has been released, and China's air travel, Xanxi Air Industries Group, and you will be used to collect funds to repay loans to financial institutions and replenish liquidity, reduce the company's financial costs, ease the pressure on the company's cash flow, and enhance the company's ability to sustain its operations.
The military aircraft engine manufacturing platform, the market space company, is the backbone of our aviation engine industry, with the full range of vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piston, and all types of troops equipped with aerodynamic weapons for scientific production, which is the only supply in the country of the three generation of main jet engines.
According to Chinese intelligence, the total demand for the country ' s air engine and gas turbine markets for 2014-2033 is estimated to be over $2 trillion, of which $1.5 trillion is for civilian flights, $8 trillion for military flights, $530 billion for gas turbines, and a wide market space. The company, as the leader of its domestic air engine, is looking forward to its future development.
The company is a domestic platform for the manufacture of military air engines, a step-by-step build-up of future military aircraft, and we're looking at the company (010) 85127513.
55x, 44x and 34x, with a “strongly recommended” rating, military aircraft are mounted at a slower rate than expected; government support is less than expected. (010) 85127528
1. Summary evaluation report: Chen Long, Head of the Military Industry Group, Doctorate in Military Organization of the Military Academy of Sciences, Master of Military Communication, Defence Science and Technology University, 14 years of military service, former platoon leader, company commander, training officer, research assistant, April 2015 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, for military industry studies.
Wang Yichuan, Research Assistant in the Military Industry, Master of Financial Sciences, Fordham University, United States, one year of experience in equity investment work, 2015 Confederate Democratic Securities Institute, from which the author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality and not being influenced by any third party.