In January-September 2017, the company achieved business income of $12,998 million, an increase of 3.16 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
\triangleright focuses on the owners, and their performance has grown considerably. The company has further focused on the owners, January-June 2017, where air engines and derivatives have generated $5,952 million in major business, an increase of 13.72% over the previous year; and foreign trade.
Exports generated revenues of $1.300 billion, an increase of 5.28 per cent in the same year; non-aerial and service industries generated revenues of $436 million, representing an increase in the delivery of company air engines and derivatives, and a 0.31 per cent increase in the Māori ratio in the main business, on the one hand, and the net profit of subsidiaries belonging to shareholders of listed companies at dawn, on the other hand, an increase of $116 million in the same year.
In January-June 2017, the subsidiary, Dawn, achieved an operating income of $3.839 billion, an increase of 36.40 per cent, and a total profit of $170 million (169.84 million, an increase of $10.1117 million over the same period last year), an increase of 1579.64 per cent.
Business, the successful application of the series of engines such as “Kunlun” and “Thai Bank” to many of our advanced fighters, and the significant increase in company performance at dawn is indicative of the growing maturity of the company's engine technology and the qualitative leap in product maturity and reliability that has laid the firm's confidence in its future development.
With China’s growing power and its “one-way” strategy, the world is rapidly reconfigured, and the upgrading of air, land, and sea forces is an inevitable option. We expect to have no more than 1 billion yuan, estimated at 30% of the average value of air engines on a single military plane, for the next 15 years.
The total market size of the air engine for the additional military aircraft is approximately 361.8 billion yuan, or an average of 24 billion yuan a year. Air power is used as a production and development base for large, medium and small air engines and gas turbine powered by large ships.
The market space will be wide in the future, as the main equipment of our aircraft will be upgraded and new aircraft will be installed. (Details on the Chinese military aircraft, industry depth report: accelerated battle-type aircraft formation, support for class aircraft compensation development)
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase in the first three quarters of the company
Figure 4: Companies ' interest rates in the first three quarters