On 28 October, the launch engine published its third quarter financial report for 2017, which was confirmed by the company during the reporting period.
The current operating income was 12,998 million yuan, an increase of 3.16 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the net shareholdings of listed companies.
The company’s performance was relatively low in 2016, owing mainly to the fact that the company’s products were in the process of being replaced, the previous generation of product orders had fallen significantly, while a new generation of products had not yet reached full-time production. With the reporting period, the company’s delivery of new aeronautical engines and derivatives had risen significantly, leading to corporate gains.
The growth in the development premium has demonstrated the potential of the country’s air engine market demand, which was released in 2017 on the basis of Boeing.
In Current Market Outlook, China will need more than 5,000 single-channel aircraft in the future, and the Chinese air market will be larger than in the United States and Europe in the next 20 years, generating more than 10,000 aviation engines. But our civil aviation engines are heavily dependent on imports, and existing civil aviation is launched.
Air engines, one of the high-end manufacturing agents, are one of the key objectives of the national industrial upgrading strategy, the country has now launched a major specialization in aviation engines and gas turbines, and import substitution in the field of air engines will accelerate gradually and become public.
The Department's future development provides a driving force. For a month, it shows that the institutions involved in the growth are looking at the company's future, and that the side shows the company's giant city gate, 5th floor.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.