The coal giant's performance is stable and the red ratio continues to rise, while the Chinese coal energy source (601898.sh) depth report is reported on March 31, 2025.
At the end of 2024, the Sino-Coal Group held 57.41% of the company’s shareholdings, effectively controlled by the State Council’s State Finance Committee.
The company ' s multi-industry coverage company covers the entire industry chain of coal, including self-produced merchandise coal, coalification -- 0340513040001 (arocarbons, urea, etc.), coal mine equipment manufacturing and financial services, and has constructed "coal-electricity--"
The coal-resources reserve industry leads the leading company, which has an excellent coal-mining endowment and a leading storage capacity, and whose controlled coal-mining resources are located mainly in the three major coal-producing provinces of Shanxi, Inner Mongolia and Shaanxi.
S034040200144 billion tonnes of storage, confirmed by 4.9115 billion tonnes. Companies are also listed in the country’s top echelons in terms of the amount of coal resources and the size of the available reserves.
In recent years, the company ' s sales of coal produced by itself have continued to grow from 2020 to 2024, with China ' s coal energy increasing cumulative capacity by 22.1 million tonnes per year through nuclear and new construction projects, mainly concentrated in the open air, Wang Jiaxing, and the company ' s coal-rich company, which is building and planning the coal mine (4 million tonnes/year).
Roe (ttm) will test production by the end of 2025.
The company has been active in cost management with a downward trend in the cost of coal in recent years, with the cost of depreciation and amortization of self-produced coal, maintenance expenditure, transportation and port incidentals falling to varying degrees, with combined coal costs of $425.1 per ton in 2024, or 0.8 per cent less in the same year, of which the cost of self-produced coal is $281.7 per ton.
Tons, 8.2 per cent less than the same time, the COSA influences the lower price of coal as compared to the COSA, which is executed on the basis of no less than 80 per cent of the requirement to sign contracts with the relevant departments, such as the National Development and Reform Commission.
Coal-new coal-chemicals co-development by companies that actively deploy coal-chemicals companies gives coal-chemicals an integrated cost advantage, while also helping coal owners to cool down some weeks.
Current fluctuations have increased companies’ resilience to risk. 1.1 The group is a leader in the management of China's coal energy sector, which was set up on 22 August 2006 by the China-China Coal Energy Group (Sino-China Coal Energy Corporation).
The company is the core listed platform of China ' s China Coal Energy Group Ltd., a mega-energy company directly supervised by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council of China. The company, formerly the China Coal Import and Export Corporation, was transformed into a State-owned sole-owned company in 2009 for five consecutive years.
As China’s second largest coal producer, China’s coal energy has more than 77 billion tons of controlled coal resources and more than 300 million tons/year of total carbon production and nearly 400 million tons of annual trade, and more than 1,000 tons of total production and construction of coal-chemical projects.
It covers the entire industry chain of coal, including home-grown merchandise coal, coal-chemicals (arocarbons, urea, etc.), coal-mining equipment and financial services, and builds a “coal-electric-chemical-new” circular economy. The company adheres to its “stock efficiency, incremental transformation” strategy, focusing on clean and efficient coal use and new energy development, and promotes smart mining and development.
In terms of the equity structure, the company is a conglomerate of the State Treasury Board of the State Council, with its own grouping in the top ranking of coal resources. According to the company’s annual report for 2024, the Sino-coal group held 57.41% of the company’s shareholding and actually controlled the state capital of the State Council.
The Commission indirectly held 52.94 per cent of the company’s shares through the holding coal group. Figure 1: Corporate equity structure (as of the end of 2024) as compared to net profits of the parent, coal accounts for 80 per cent of the company’s operating income and 84 per cent of its Māori.
In terms of revenue, since the company's main business was coal, the company's revenue grew significantly over the past five years to $23,98.28 billion, an increase of 63.96 per cent over the same period, mainly from coal, as a result of a reduction in the volume of coal sold out of trade: business income fell further to $19,269 million in 2023, a decline in the same year.
High dividends in coal energy and robust performance have attracted the attention of investors, raising corporate market recognition and investment values. We believe that, at this stage of the low-interest-rate environment that will continue, the continued realization of high dividends is the main investment value for the leading coal companies.
2 Coal industry: In January 2024, the State Council issued the Regulations on Safe Production of Coal Mines, aimed at enhancing the safe production of coal mines.
Prevention of accidents and protection of people ' s lives and property, including adherence to the first principles of party leadership and security,