Chemical and chemical products : 17, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, we believe that the price of mdi is likely to be a high point in recent years, regardless of the past.
Looking ahead or back, it's impossible to expect prices to return to higher levels at the beginning of the year in the context of additional capacity, and an 18-year decline in average prices is likely to happen. So, is it pessimistic? On a global scale, what we saw last year and this year was a new upturn in output, and we're looking at a picture of how we're looking at it.
Prices have also refreshed our understanding. In 2015, the launch of a smoke station industrial park was the main new production capacity in the last two years (with a small contribution of around 600,000 tons, less 200,000 tons in the old plant area and a constant expansion and Chongqing Basf), but the price is about 15 years apart from the oil.
Apart from the fall in total equity/flow (millions of shares) prices, it has been rising for 16 years. We can't judge the total market value/flow without oil prices (millions of dollars)
It's a taste of 350,000 tons of new demand around the world, and we're predicting a moderate increase (4%) in performance by the end of the year, which is expected to be sustained throughout the year, with 930 accidents having some impact on corporate output, and an average of less than 70 percent of the year's work start.
The rise in the prices of major products and the spread of petrochemicals, followed by the fall of sadara and the follow-up to the birth, will be five years from the start of U.S. installations, leading to a significant increase in last year's performance.
At the right time, during which households could only rely on small-scale technology and expansion to meet the new demands of the market, we can also understand that the company's own name, "Smallmdi's October has been listed at a much higher price than last month."
The 18-year level of performance is relevant to the current valuation, which is a reasonable mdi price.
The current reluctance of the market to offer higher valuations at the high point is due to the expected 18 years of mdi's new station, but the next high point may depend not on mdi's strength, but on future production of tdi, pc and special materials and functional materials that are slowly growing.
So a return to a reasonable price level for mdi would give us an estimate of what 18 years of reasonable performance would be. If you give 15 times the reasonable valuation level, the current market value of 640 would imply a net profit of less than 4.5 billion in 18 years, which we believe would produce a larger expectation.
By the time this is a stable and manageable space, consistent with the characteristics of mdi as a highly oligopolistic market structure product. We conservatively estimate that when mdi returned to normal profit levels in 18 years, the net profit level of the company was still close to 6 billion, and the current stock price was still undervalued.
Tdi will go into production, and special materials that make more money than mdi will grow, and will remain only as a visible short-term performance low for 18 years, and will return to growth for 19 years. Without significant downward fluctuations in the crude-oil market, the current market structure remains manageable.
The net profits of shareholders in listed companies are 8 billion and 6 billion, respectively, ps 17, 18, 18, 18 — where is the fair price of mdi? 17, 18 — and where is the fair price of mdi?
The mdi price boom continues to contribute to the major growth in performance, and while companies have slowly transformed into integrated and diversified industrial giants, mdi prices still exhibit a high degree of resilience in the company’s performance.
Fearing this year’s performance growth, we believe that the market is actually more worried about the release of new capacity than $4.3 billion over a longer period of time. At the same time, the head of the company’s president at the shareholders’ meeting decided that the price of mdi above $20,000 per ton was unreasonable and had some impact on the market, and it should be said that the company was speaking from a sustainable development perspective.
The decision must be based on the firm’s having an anchor at one level, namely, that while the market’s prices are uncontrollable, the normal price levels are in the firm’s mind, whether industry or industry, and this is discussed here. Given the price trends in mdi over the last 10 years, a total of 4 waves of prices exceeding $20,000/tonne and reaching or approaching historical highs.
Two counts occurred in 2007, one in 2012 and one in 2017. After each high point, the prices of 1 mdi pre-empted the stock price, which is similar to the current cycle, whether or not the prices of the later stock are again high.2 In 2013, the prices of mdi fell unilaterally, but the stock prices continued to rise after the mid-year low.
It is also easier to understand that mdi’s price rises catalyze the company’s performance, while stock prices tend to lag behind because markets doubt the sustainability of price increases. While mdi’s price decline is clearly slower than the boom cycle (if systemic risks do not occur), it is still possible to innovate again for mdi’s stock prices from the high point down the cycle, because the first half of it remains high.
High-price interval. The above-mentioned mdi cycle, for example, lasts one year from the lowest point to the highest point, and three years from the highest point to the bottom, i.e., one and a half years from the highest point, remain relatively high, thus still providing elastic performance, which is not impossible in the period of price decline if volume also increases.
(ii) Measuring 18 years of performance requires an answer: “Where is the reasonable mdi price?” The current reluctance of the market at the highest point is that after 18 years of decline in mdi prices, performance is expected to be large enough to be able to return to this high point too short, but it is not the power of mdi that may be relied upon next time to reach this high point, but not the power of mdi.
And it's not as if we're going to be too sad in the past, and it's obvious that the price margin that represents the real profit level of the mdi is even more hierarchical. We've counted the past decade.
The profit level data are as follows, and we find that, with the exception of a few unusual years for which the cause can be found, the overall profit level of md1 is in a controlled space level that corresponds to the structure of the oligopolistic market for the product. So we find that the firm’s judgement on what is considered a reasonable price is more anchored in the profit margin. (Vulnerable in 2014 and 2015, the big change in these two years is crude oil.)
The sharp fall in prices, from over $100 in 2014 to around $25 in early 2016, was a huge blow to all petrochemical products, and the price was out of touch with the basics, and as a result, mdi had the lowest profit point in history.) The median of the last 10 years was close, high and low, and we thought that the reasonable profit zone of the whole was that part, the center.
The price margin of about $100-11000 per ton. That is, at the current cost level, we think that the so-called “reasonable price” zone is a reasonable profit range based on the above judgement, as well as the price of mdi at its current position, and we make a preliminary assumption of the level of net profit for the future: 1 m-separate to 7:3.
The annual mdi sector, which is owned by shareholders in listed companies, will be around 31+12 = $4.3 billion. Adding to the petrochemical and material sector, we (iv) conservatively forecast a net profit of more than 7.5 billion over the year, and elasticity is still in mdi, whose main disagreement over estimates of performance throughout the year is the future trend in mdi prices, because of the price of mdi for the company as a whole.
With a more conservative level of $16,000 per ton, the mdi sector will also have a net profit level of 6 billion and a total profit of more than 7.5 billion. (v) The net profit level measured in 18 years is close to 6 billion, based on historically stable central profit levels.
For 18 years of performance, we calculate the historical mdi-stable profit margin that we have derived from the above, that is, we assume that the history of 2018 mdi is returned to a historically stable, controlled and reasonable fluctuation zone, with a profit margin of between $10,000 and $11,000 per ton. Because the net profits of the firms under the zone are about 5.6 billion, or 2.7 billion in aggregate mdi, 1 billion in pure mdi, and the petrochemical and materials sector contributes.
In particular, this is a relatively conservative calculation, because we all calculate the value of the value added tax (VAT) after it has been deducted from the inward sale, while the value added tax (VAT) is returned in full, which is not counted. In the current ratio of exports of companies, this portion increases net profits in the range of $200-300 million; and we assume that the fixed cost of the other units remains constant, whereas, in fact, as output increases, none.
In the case of unit depreciation or other units, the cost of manufacturing will fall, i.e., the increase in the scale effect; in the case of net profit calculations above, other non-prime contributions are not included (the profit sectors of chlor-alkali, heat and electricity, etc.) and in the case of historical profit margins, it is implied that prices will fall significantly for the future, especially in 18 years.
In the coming year, we will see, inter alia, the emergence of production in the Middle East, the release of new production in the United Nations, the increase in the nominal capacity of Manchuria, and the combination of supply-side factors, such as the build-up of the Basff loads in Chongqing, so that these calculations are based on neutral pessimistic estimates, as well as performance measurements with a certain margin of security, during which there is a certain degree of over-expected viscosity in the price decline or an accident in offshore installations.
The short-term supply shock is expected to make an extra profit on the company’s stock price. But the net profit level of $6 billion, measured even under conservative conditions, is still quite strong, especially in 18 years of a visible downturn that will be followed by a return to growth, and two other luminous fields of boxing, pc and tdi, are about to come into production, even if globally, for the luminous process.
We're looking to 18 years as a low point in the next few years, but with no significant downward fluctuations in the crude oil market, crude oil prices have fallen and real-estate markets have fallen.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.