Hale Jie (600690) Home appliances, hundreds of billions of dollars in overseas revenues, multiple layouts into harvest period, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Summary of performance: the company published its annual report for 2020, where it achieved a revenue of $20.973 billion, an increase of 4.5 per cent over the reporting period; a net profit of $8.888 billion for mothers, an increase of 8.2 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $6.46 billion, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period. Q4 achieved a revenue of $5.531 billion, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same quarter;
The net return to the mother was 2.58 billion yuan, an increase of 333.6 per cent over the same period. With the results of the Caos operation at the end of September 2020, the total annual increase in revenue in 2020 was 8 per cent, the q4-square-head advantage continued to grow, and domestic revenue grew steadily.
In 2020, the share of the market for each product increased further, while the share of the market for each product rose further while remaining ahead. According to Euro-Wise International data, in 2020, the company was the largest retailer in Asian electricity markets, with a market share of 18.6 per cent.
Deepening global synergy, with hundreds of billions of dollars lost abroad. Faced with the effects of the epidemic, the company relies on the “triple one” localization, maintaining high-end creative strategies and landscape eco-transformation, with overseas revenues of $10.62 billion, an increase of 8.3 per cent, with the US/Europe/Australia/South-East Asia/Japan growing at the same rate.
Companies operate 14 R & D centres, 122 manufacturing centres, 108 marketing centres worldwide, and cover nearly 130,000 distribution points in overseas markets. By deepening the synergies between global operations, companies are expected to continuously increase their market share with a broad global layout and localized business teams.
• Multi-brand matrix, dominated by high-end markets. The company has developed a multi-product matrix comprising Haile, Casati, Leader, Gea, Candy, Fisher&Paykel and aqua, which meets the needs of users at different levels in different markets globally and has achieved extensive and deep user coverage. In addition, as early as 10
The company tried to develop its own high-end brand, Kassarty. Relying on Heir’s global research and development resources, Kassati’s product competitiveness continued to improve. In 2020, Casaté’s brand achieved a net revenue of $8.7 billion, a 17% increase, with q4 increasing by 35%.
Saudi refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, etc. are ranked first in terms of retail sales. Among them, Casati brand washing machines and refrigerators account for 76.7% of the Chinese market of more than 10,000 yuan.
37.1%, the share of air conditioners in China’s market of more than 15,000 yuan was 46.9%, and in September 2020 the company launched a brand-new three-wing bird to provide a full-scale solution for intelligent families. By the end of the year, the company Hale Jiji (600690): q2 q2 was received on a monthly basis.
Three hundred and twenty-five three-wing bird 001 stores have been launched to provide full coverage of the core city. Three-wing bird scenes have been effective.
Hale Jiist (600690): Publication of draft privatization, “a+h+d” in coordination with layout (2020-08-03)
• The digital transition has increased efficiency and cost rates have gradually been optimized. The company’s Māori rate/net interest rate was more resilient in 2020 (2020-04-30), and continued rapid growth in the size of the company, the continued rise in Casati’s income ratio, and the optimization of the structure of the overseas market, respectively.
In the second half of the year, the Māori rate rose by 0.5 pp. In terms of cost rates, the company’s accelerated digital business transformation achieved efficiency gains and cost utilization was optimized. During the reporting period, the company’s combined sales cost and management cost rates decreased by 0.98 pp, with a combined decrease of 2.8 pp in the second half of the year.
The company plans to privatize the company's Heir appliances by issuing h shares plus cash. On December 23, the company went to Hong Kong to market and sent certificates of shares and cash cheques to all plan holders by December 24.
A subsidiary. With the successful completion of the privatization of Hale, the integration of Hale's electricity business has come to an end. The integration of two major up-to-date platforms, the sharing of resources, and the reduction of internal consumption will gradually optimize the cost-effectiveness of the company and contribute to an increase in corporate profitability.
On March 6, 2021, Hale's disclosure a share buy-back program proposed to buy up to $4 billion and no less than $2 billion in shares, and this buy-back will be used for equity incentives/employee ownership schemes.
The binding of layers and corporate interests has further refined corporate incentives, highlighting the fact that companies will maintain a combined 20% growth rate of net annual return earnings for future development. As consumer demand recovers after the epidemic, taking into account the clarity of the corporate structure and improved efficiency of operations, high-end and globalization are beginning to work, expectations are public.
The Division enters the harvest period of the forward-looking strategic layout and maintains the “buy-in” rating. Assumption 1: As consumption demand recovers in the aftermath of the epidemic, companies rely on the global channel layout and leading product technology to assume a steady increase in product sales;
Assumption 2: With the high-end company and the implementation of the synthesizing strategy, it is expected that the high-end brand, Kassati, and the panorama brand, the sales of three-wing birds will increase steadily and the company's Māori ratio will increase steadily, assuming that the company's Māori ratio will increase separately in 2021-2023
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.