Hale Jie (600690) tracking report, multi-brand layout advantage, haiersmarthome
Rating: outperform Ziyichen • issued a 2023 mid-year report, with a growth of 8.21 per cent in the first half of the year, and a positive increase in the net return to the mother.
Luliu continued the q1 growth momentum and performed well. Billion dollars, 4.4 per cent more than the previous year, with retail sales of air conditioners/refrigerates/washers/heaters increasing by the same amount.
20.5 per cent/-3 per cent/ 6 per cent; combined retail sales of cooking and electric stoves increased by 2 per cent and water purification units by 8 per cent.In the domestic market, 23h1 companies achieved revenues of 70,353 million yuan, an increase of 8.6 per cent, respectively, in China's smart household business.
In the second half of 2023, Satti will continue to push for further brand upgrades, and will continue to enhance high-end brand competition and strengthen the foundations for long-term development. With regard to overseas markets, 23h1 companies have generated 66,917 million yuan in overseas business, an increase of 8.8 per cent.
In North America/Europe/Australia/South Asia/South-East Asia/Japan, income increases respectively, reflecting rapid growth in the European market ' s heating and air conditioning operations. • In terms of profitability, 23h1 companies have achieved a 30.4% Māori rate of 0.2 pct on a year-on-year basis.
Markets have benefited from factors such as lower prices of raw materials and higher self-contained ratios of supply chains, Māori rates have risen as compared to Piti, overseas markets have been affected by increased industry competition and high-cost inventories, and Māori rates have fallen back compared to the previous year, but the ring has improved relative to q1.
Investment advice. The company released a 23-year employee-holding plan that redefined its growth goals. The bird scenery service continued to give the company a retail performance and built a well-developed national supply chain overseas.