Two-wheel drive, electrolyte tap re-launching, November 20, 2020.
• Fifteen years based on electrolyte, the electrolytic discharge-cum-fluoride cycle has started, and the taps have rebooted! The company started the solar process, plowing the electrolyte for many years, extended the industrial chain vertically, combined with horizontal battery operations, in the gradual radiation-emitting lithium industry. The electrolytic fluid price has fallen to the bottom of the chain since 18 years, and the company has expanded during this period.
Overseas customers, upstream raw materials, research and development for the production of new additives, further strengthening their advantages, integrated layout plus downstream customer release, increased to 30% of the electrolytic fluid share over 20 years, Māori hit the bottom, new corporate performance dynamics, and a full-blown industry.
It's almost finished, positive business starts to lose, sunny business shows up, companies light-load, electrolytes, taps back on!
At the bottom of the industry, companies are focusing on research and development, enhancing the layout of new additives, new lithium salt, building down gaps, alienating barriers, increasing their competitiveness, growing into domestic electrolytic taps, with the city 's share rising to 30% +: we believe that Alpha's company came from 1) the company's construction of “sulfuric acid - hydrofluoric acid - lithium fluorine”
/F5 - Lithium hexafluoride - Electrolyte” industrial chain layout, single-hand liquid 6 fluorine technology, with a cost reduction of 10-15 per cent on average compared to industry, with a further increase in the self-supply ratio of additives and solvents, which would result in a significant increase in profits; and 2) company tied downstream high-quality customers to a major catl supplier, in excess of the ratio
50%, in 20 years, overseas power will be released into the lig, loose supply chain, and a long-term contract will be signed with Tesla overseas. We expect the company to deliver close to 70,000 tons in 2020, or +45% of the year, of which the basic surface will support the six-fluorinated price increase cycle, and the supply and demand structure will be improved to empower the company.
The early downstream demand season will continue, short-term supply stress of HFC 6 will continue until the end of the year, with a projected increase in the price of HFC 6 to 110,000 during the year. In the long term, 21 years of high domestic electric vehicle sales will correspond to 56,000 tons of lithium perfluorophosphate globally, compared to 58,000 tons of effective global supply in 21 and supply and demand patterns will reverse.
$150,000/t. The price of HFC6 is $100,000/t/t/t/t/t net gain on electrolyte fluids of 0.70 million/t, material evaluation: long-term supply Tesla, tons, with an additional 60,000 tons of liquid HFC capacity planned, and an increase in the self-supply ratio of HFC6 will be further strengthened
Corporate cost advantage, 21 years of full electrolyte realization price rises.2 Qualified Materials (002709); Electrolysis  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Industry is strong, taking into account the company ' s global electrolyte tap; and
The trend of double-supplies in liquid volume is set, year-round stabilization of the domestic mainstream battery industry, the impending release of overseas customers and an increase in the share of overseas cities will fully benefit from the global trend of electric motorization, which is expected to increase further, with a 21-year supply pattern of hexafluoride.
With the company being the electrolyte tap, the main customer needs are restored and given to 21 years and 50 times ape, corresponding to 1. On the basis of the electrolyte field, lithium radiation is closed.
1.1. Development journey: Solar materials start, battery materials lead. The company is one of the country ' s first producers of electrolyte, deep-dry electrolyte and its raw materials. Established in 2000, it started with solar materials, the military electrolyte market in 2005, and self-researched hydrofluoride (F6F) in 2011.
Lithium phosphate, the cost of raw materials for the electrolyte fluids, is lower than the cost of external purchases. Fifteen years of acquisition, 70% of the share in the 15-year supply chain is in the Catl and atl supply chains, and the current volume market is the largest, becoming the tap of the electrolyte fluids.
Since then, companies have been involved in the acquisition of electrolytic fluids, such as Gilmut, Lithium Convergence, and downstream enterprises, and in the simultaneous expansion of other suppliers of materials in the industrial chain, such as Jiangxied, the distribution of electrolyte additives, lithium mining and positive materials, the mutual digestion of by-products, the formation of circulation systems, the reduction of costs, the integration of the battery material value chain and the extension of the platform, and the creation of efficient industrial production levels.
Figure 1: Company development history 2017 Extension of electrolyte, sulphuric acid project 2013 Lithium hexafluorate market
Founded by Guangzhou City Tianjie Material Company, the Xijiang Mining Company is the main supplier of first-line plants such as Manjiang, Guoqiao, Gao Ko, etc.
In 2005, the development of an electrolyte product began.
In 2007, the production of electrolyte products began, and first-line customers, such as Sony and Biadei, were expanded to acquire East Qain into the atl and catl supply chains in 2015.
2008 was identified as a state-level high-technology enterprise, and 2009 broke the technology monopoly of Karpom resin abroad.
One of the main electrolytes suppliers of the World Expo lithium electric vehicle is going to expand the lithium hexafluoride, lifsi, and new lithium salt projects in 2016.
Started in 2011 with the production of lithium hexafluorate.
1.2. Equity structure: Equity concentration, investment layout up and down. Corporate equity concentration. First shareholder, Director Xu Jinfu, controls 38.85% of the company's equity, and second shareholder holds almost 5% of the group's shareholdings. The company has a direct centre for innovation, 13 level I subsidiaries, 9 level II subsidiaries and 1 level III.
The subsidiary operates up and down the industrial chain, mainly in Guangdong (Silica, Dong Qai Xin) and Jiangxi (Tianjiang, Xijiang Mines, Xijiang Tianjin, etc.). 1.3. Equity Incentive Scheme: shows confidence in performance
In 2019, the equity incentive was large, covering mainly mid-level managers and core technicians. In March 19 public stock options, which together accounted for 2.05 per cent of the company's total equity, were targeted at mid-level management of the company and its controlling subsidiaries. Ten thousand shares and 263,000 restricted shares were awarded at $20.7 and $10.35 to 116 employees and three middle-level managers, respectively.
Management: Deep Farming Industry: Deep Farming Hydrolyte Industry for many years. Industry experience: Core teams from chemical industries such as China Pulsification, Zhejiang Magnification, Bauche, Doming Chemistry, etc., have been well informed and accessible about the direction of the solar industry, the electrolyte industry, etc.
1.5. R & D capacity: R & D capacity has been growing steadily in recent years.
The number of corporate R & D spending and R & D technology has increased significantly from year to year, with over 120 million R & D spending and 4.57% R & D spending.
Increased prices and high revenues of the company over 16 years, followed by a sharp drop in the price of the fluid over the next two years, and a steady increase in the company ' s income over the next 20 years, with the company earning 2,696 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 37.2 per cent over the same period.
A small number of positive-polar operations, which generated $1.7 billion in income in 19 years, increased Māori premiums at a 16-year high of HFC prices, increased self-production of raw materials, enhanced cost advantages, and accelerated import of offshore customers, making the company an important supplier of 1g Nanjing plant electrolyte, leading to higher profitability.
The epidemic has driven a huge increase in solar operations, with capoum prices rising: the 19-year income of the company ' s daily business has increased steadily by around 10 per cent per year, the industry has a better pattern of competition, the Maori rate has been dominated by fluctuations in raw materials, the Maori rate has become more stable by 95 per cent, the 2002 capom demand has led to a rise in unit prices, and the current market price in Capom is at $1.52 million per ton, at a high end.
The price of the product was over $300,000/tonne, 3-4 times higher than in 17-18 years, raising the rate of the solar industry to 20h1 Mār. Electrolysis: Disparity casting barriers, HFC price increase re-empowerment 2.1. The market for the electrolytic fluids is small and beautiful and growing at a high rate
The electrolytic fluid determines battery-combined energy, which accounts for 8-9% of the cost of battery material: the electrolyte is vital in terms of energy density, width, temperature applications, life cycle, safety. Among the ncm 523 batteries, the positive material accounts for 44% of material formation (Lithium Carbonate 80,000, Cobalt 380,000), the negative polar material 16%, the diaphragm 12% and the electrolytic fluids 14%.
The electrolyte is a small, beautiful and fast growing market, with a 22-year market space of 17 billion +: 240,000 tons of global electrolyte in 2019, divided into 13.0 tons and 107,000 tons domestically and internationally, and we expect a global demand of 480,000 tons in 2022, with 230.0 million tons and 248,000 tons internally and 30 per cent of global demand cagr; and a market space of 5 billion dollars each in 2019.
The foreign market is 3.2 billion; by 2022, the market space will have grown to 8.5 billion overseas in the country, the global market space 2.2. Industry patterns will be shuffled, front lines will be raised, leading markets will become more dominant every year. In terms of domestic electrolytic competition patterns, 2017 to 2020.
In the third quarter, the top five producers accounted for 62 per cent, 68 per cent, 74 per cent and 78 per cent, while in 19 they accounted for 58 per cent, in January-September 20, 61 per cent, in January-September 20, and in the lead, 29 per cent, and the gap with other manufacturers was further widened, mainly due to the fact that in the second half of 17 they became catl.
The main supplier, the power cell, increased the ratio of power cell sales. Industry splits profits, small plants are unable to compete for prices, and there's a lot of voice. The electrolyte drops to the bottom from 18 years and is stable at the bottom. At this price level, the Māori rate for second- and third-line electrolyte plants is less than 20%, close to a loss, small.
In this case, small firms are no longer in a position to compete for prices, and the leader’s business voice has been raised. 1h20 days, the Maori rate of New Zeus’s electrolyte operation has rebounded.
2.3. Adders are core components, differentiated casting barriers The most important configuration of the electrolytic fluid production chain is: 1) organic solvent purification: water is strictly controlled and water is reduced
As of 10-6, a reduction of hexafluoride, sei membrane decomposition, anti-smoking gas, etc.) is possible. 2) The inclusion of lithium salt and additive formulations in solvents is most important; 3) the mixing component is most important. The additives are used to improve the electrolytic liquid performance and variety. The additives improve the electrochemical properties of the electrolyte fluids and improve their electrochemical performance.
The cathode sediment mass is added to a small amount of additives in the electrolytic fluids, and does not normally participate in the electrode reaction of the electrolytic process, but it can replace the electrochemical properties of the electrolytic system, affecting the discharge conditions of the ion, and better the electrolytic process.
The additives are at the core of the electrolyte, with significant effects on the leaching, flame retardation, membrane performance, etc., and are key to high-performance electrolyte development.
Increased nickel content, voltage, positive nickel ion solution, accelerated electrolytic decomposition, destruction of negative polar Sei membranes, resulting in reduced battery cycle life and safety, and therefore increased requirements for new additives, such as new positive and negative extremes Figure 14: Types and functions of additives
Adder development cycles are long, process requirements are high, and technical barriers are very high. The current use of electrolyte liquid additives is mainly ethylene carbonate (vc) and ethylene fluorocarbonate (fec), and some new additives, such as lithium difluorophosphate, dtd, etc., are gradually developing. The electrolyte additives often need to be customized, the formulations of the batteries vary from one manufacturer to another, and the formulations of the new additives vary.
It has a long development cycle, a high demand for purity of the product, and a high demand for process experience, requiring a large number of repeated experiments to identify additive effects. The additive technology is fast-changing, the product is highly variable, the additive development needs to be accompanied by the development of downstream new technologies. The electrolytic additive formulations required for different lithium cell technologies for additives are different and require electricity.
There are three main modes of electrolyte production: formulations are provided by battery plants, formulations are developed in cooperation, and electrolyte processors provide formulations. For mature batteries like lithium, formulations converge, usually by battery plants.
Provide, but for high nickel cells, material systems are not yet compatible and require constant testing and development, usually by battery plants in cooperation with electrolyte plants or independently by electrolyte plants. 1) Pure processing model: battery plants provide formulas and electrolyte plants are responsible for processing, which is suitable for already mature models.
Batteries, such as lithium batteries or low-end triple batteries, with a 5 per cent net interest rate for electrolyte suppliers and 20 per cent net 2) cell plants developed in cooperation with electrolyte plants: large battery plants provide requirements, joint electrolyte plants develop tests, and under this model the sole supply period of 1-2 years for electrolyte suppliers (a premium of 5-10 per cent over this period) is generally committed.
Rear battery manufacturers submit formulations to other manufacturers for processing. 3) Electrolyte suppliers provide formulations: these are usually two types, one for small batteries (without developing energy) for ordinary electrolytic fluids and the other for special additives in the formulation, patented as an electrolyte manufacturer, which can be requested by electrolyte manufacturers.
Differences in building barriers are further enhanced. The solution is not standardized, the three-dollar high nickel battery is demanding an upgrade of additives, and the electric fluid manufacturer is leading the battery plant in the basics of additives and formulations.
In addition, the longitudinal layout of the electrolyte plant is a trend, it is only an electrolyte processor, it is easy to become a surrogate plant, and the Māori rate is low.
The cost of the electrolyte is the highest, and the historical price is largely in line with the trend of the price of the hexafluoride. The electrolyte is composed of three groups: 1) solvents: in order to achieve high ion conductivity, solvents are generally mixed materials and currently solvents are generally dmc (carbon)
Dimethyl acid (Dyperate) + ec (ethyl carbonate) at an uncertain scale; 2) Lithium salt: the current preference is lithium hexafluoride with excellent conductivity, stability and environmental protection advantages: 3) additives: large-scale vc and fvc, where there are differences in the properties of individual electrolytes, meeting different battery performance requirements.
8%, at 40%, 25%, and 30% respectively. Lithium hexafluoride (lipf6) is relatively high in total electrolyte costs, as the price of this fluid is largely influenced by the price of lithium hexafluoride (lipf6), and the historical trend in the price of the electrolyte is largely synchronized with the price of lithium hexafluorate (lipf6).
Figure 16: Historical electrolytic fluid price trends and six-fluoride trends are largely synchronized (millions/tons) with a five-year price adjustment for six-fluoride, with the bottom being cleared. In 2011, lithium hexafluoride achieved a breakthrough in national production, with a significant cost decrease, with prices falling from 500,000 yuan/tons to 200,000 yuan/tons in 2012, after which excess supply prices fell to 8-to-1 at the beginning of the 15th century.
During the second half of the year, electric vehicles grew at a rapid rate, with a severe shortage of HFC capacity, with prices rising straight upwards from September to 200,000 yuan/tons at the end of the year; prices rose further to 400,000 yuan/tons over 16 years. During the period of 15-16 years, new capacity was released in 17 years, a large number of new entrants were released, and HFC prices began to fall off cliffs in 17 years, falling by 150,000 yuan/tons.
Prices continued to decline at a slower rate than they were at 95,000 to 110,000 yuan per ton per year; prices rose at the bottom of the cycle in early 19, but the overall supply was still too high and the price of lithium carbonate was down, so prices continued to fall. Six-fluoride prices fell at the highest cost in the first half of the 2000s, and prices were three years at the bottom of the cycle, and output was clear.
There is a strong willingness to raise prices for plants like the 99-year-old and the macro source. The six-fluoride supply has been strained since September 20, and the six-fluoride price has been on the rise. It is now over $90,000, with some companies offering an offer of $100,000 per ton, a 30-per-cent increase from the bottom. The first-stage price of the six-fluor is expected to rise to a profitable repair during the year, and the second-phase supply is seriously inadequate to bring prices up rapidly.
At a current cost of $6-65,000 per ton (free of taxes) for the full production of a typical HFC-based manufacturer, the price increased to $100,000 per ton so that the manufacturer would begin to earn a reasonable profit, i.e. about 30 per cent of the Māori rate, $15,000 per ton of net profit, and 15 per cent of the net interest rate.
In addition, the price of raw materials for hydrofluoride is at an all-time low, followed by a rebound in the price of lithium carbonate and hydrofluoric acid, and is expected to go further.
The supply of hexafluoride is strained. Twenty years later, there is an expansion plan, but it takes two years for the extension cycle to be approved for new production and 21 years for effective production. The small amount of new production in the short-term sector is mainly two, because the industry is idle: the new producer is 2,000 tons of additional capacity for hexafluoride this year, but it is not full because it is on the slope.
In 2020, we measured 52,000 tons of effective industrial capacity and 58,000 tons of effective industrial capacity in 21 years. In 22 years, new industrial capacity has been created mainly for new 20,000 tons, new 10,000 tons of stone, and further follow-up is required, with preliminary production projected at 28 million tons, corresponding to the requirement of 35 million tons of lithium hexafluoride, compared to one in September and October.
The 10.5 per cent increase in the stepring ratio to 3900/4042 tonnes per month for HFC 6, compared to the 2600 tonnes in August for real domestic HFC supply chain and the current 100 per cent full capacity of only 4,000 tonnes per month (800 tonnes per day, more than 700 tonnes, 600 tonnes per day, 400 tonnes in macros, 300 tonnes in Morida, and 99 000 tonnes in November) resulted in short-term supply constraints.
Downstream demand will continue in mid-December, and short-term supply tensions will continue until the end of the year. Ten thousand tons, compared to 58,000 tons in 21 of effective global supply, are in a tight balance of supply and demand, and we expect industry demand to enter the season starting in March 21, leading to an imbalance in demand and demand, leading to price hikes.
More than 10,000 tons, with an effective supply of 70,000 tons, still in a tight balance of supply and demand, so the current increase in the price of UF6 is thought to be a $1,000/ton increase in the cost of the electrolyte. The cost of the three main raw materials (solvents, lithium salt, additives) is 85% + and the cost of the electrolyte six, solvents, additives 12%, 80%, etc.
8% of costs are currently reduced by 40%, 25%, and 30% of costs due to solvent price increases and a rebound at the base of HFC 6. Since 1 ton of electrolyte requires 0.12 tonnes of UF6, we estimate an increase in the cost of the corresponding hydrolyte by about $1,000 per ton. The cost of the electrolyte is about 90,000 yuan per ton.
The price of the electrolyte is up to $33,000 per ton, and if the price is up to $150,000, the cost is up to $36,000 per ton. The price of the electrolyte is up with the six fluorine, and the price is smooth.
According to the advisory data, the price of UF6 increased three times in one month on 28 August, 11 September, and 26 September, at 6 per cent, 4 per cent and 4 per cent, with a cumulative increase of almost 10,000 yuan per tonne. The electrolytic liquid price successfully passed, and the price of the phosphate lithium electrolyte increased three times on 4 September, 21 September and 28 September.
The price increase is close to $6,000 per ton (dmc increase of $5,000, corresponding to an increase in the cost of electrolyte of $4,000, a rise in the cost of hexafluoride of $20,000 and an increase in the cost of electrolyte of $2,000).
3.1. Production continues to rise, and the company is the number one firm with strong and strong leadership: the company began research and development of lithium ion cell electrolytes in 2002 and was one of the first producers of electrolytes in the country.
16 years of rapid release, nearly 50,000 tons in 19 years, with a city share of more than 25%, the country’s largest. Lithium-electric material closed, building cost advantages: the company’s own electrolyte raw material, lithium hexafluorate, partial additives, hydrofluoric acid, etc., and the use of liquid hexafluoride (HF6) as a technical route are more cost-effective; in addition, the company uses HFC-based by-products for its production.
Production of iron phosphate, production of lithium phosphate, forming a closed chain of industry. Figure 25 Average electrolyte prices and Māori ratio. 3.2. Base support core clients.
The company has built three bases, Ninder, Guangzhou, and Xijiang, and is now in production, with a capacity of nearly 150,000 tons. The base has a capacity of 200,000 tons, and a capacity of 100,000 tons in one phase.
An investment of $281 million would result in a net return of $1.22 billion after the birth, with a net gain of $114 million, and a start to the construction of 100,000 tons of productive capacity at the Fukudun base, with a planned investment of $289 million. In addition, the company has created 12,000 tons of HFC-60 (equivalent to approximately 120,000 tons of electrolyte) and 20,000 tons of HFC-60 can be built (i.e. 60,000 tons of liquid 60 million) and is expected to be released next year.
Accelerating the deployment of the international base and the start of building Czech production capacity: active overseas market expansion, planned Czech and Korean subsidiaries, and Czech subsidiaries for the sale and technology entry and exit of lithium ion battery raw materials, with a total planned of 100,000 tons, with the previous phase of 2-30 million tons under construction, with plans for matching the German factories of the Ninder era, lig, etc., with Korean subsidiaries conveniently satisfied
External international clients quickly provide the demand for electrolyte formulations. 3.3. Clients have an excellent structure: they bind domestic taps, they release them overseas, they have the advantage of having a stable product quality, high cost advantages, they bind domestic taps, and their customers abroad start to stagger.
It's been expanding rapidly in recent years, with companies taking the lead; it's also active in reaching out to customers abroad. After two to three years of development, overseas powered electrolytes have been released for 20 years, including the Teslalig project, the Teslazon project, etc., and further 21 years of customer structure: tied catl, entering the lg, Tesla supply chain.
Atl, Power God, lg, 10% +, 6% +, 5% +, Sony 2%, Hinwanda, Lithium from China, Biadi, and Billion Lats are company clients. In November 20 years, full-source subsidiaries were announced to sign contracts with Tesla to enter the overseas Tesla supply chain, supplying designated factories in the United States of America in Frimont, Austin, and Berlin, Germany.
The demand of large clients has grown steadily and has begun to release overseas: in 19 companies accounted for 55 per cent of the supply of catl electrolyte, the main move was to give up some of the low-priced lists, the share was reduced by 10 pct, 35 per cent of Ninder's output was expected to increase in 20 years and 50 per cent was expected to be sustained in 20 years.
0.5 million tons, double the same ratio; and a further 0.4 million tons are expected to be added to the Ponto Tesla project. We expect the company to produce self-produced lithium hexafluorate in 2020, to break through the raw materials industrial chain, to have a significant cost advantage, a high cost advantage, a high cost advantage: the company takes the lead in a vertical layout, and has produced six HFCs since 2011.
The first HFC cost is close to $55,000 per tonne, with a significant advantage based on our calculation of the industry ' s average solid cost of $65,000 per tonne. 12,000 tons in 19 years, of which 0.2 million tons were in solid form and 10,000 tons in liquid form (jointly with the Central Nitrogen), could be met on its own: in addition, the company plans to add 60,000 tons of liquid HFC capacity, which is more cost-effective than 6 million in solid form.
As 1 ton of electrolyte requires 0.12 ton of hydrofluoride, we measure it at $10,000 per ton, corresponding to an increase in the cost of electrolyte at $1,000 per ton. The current estimate of HFC is $90,000 per ton, while the cost of electrolyte is 30,000 yuan per ton, rising to $33,000 per ton if the price is 120,000.
Liquid hexafluoride is a technological breakthrough in lithium salt studies that achieves high-efficiency output through continuous production. The main technical barriers are: (1) liquid removal processes, which are more complex and difficult to imitate when removing solvent raw materials from liquids.
Reproduction: 2) Preparations and processes for liquid hexafluoride are dangerous and the national environmental protection and safety threshold is higher: (a) there is a clear competitive advantage with the industry: (b) Technically, other domestic manufacturers still follow Japanese processes, whereas the public administration uses U.S. processes and improved applications (incorporated in 2010), and liquid hexafluoride has a higher purity and quality of corporate fluids.
The body hexafluoride is mainly derived from the Central Nitrogen and Xijiang Tianjiang has a joint venture with the Central Nitro, with a 30 per cent share in the company; 2) competition from the market suggests that the company has both solid and liquid lithium hexafluoride preparation techniques that can be developed according to the needs of its customers and that allow for the development of new international customers.
The cost advantage of liquid hexafluoride compared to crystal hexafluoride produced by traditional hydrofluoride solvents ... is as follows:
1. Low capital expenditure on capacity-building: 120 million tons of solid 6-tonne investments, approximately 60,000 yuan per ton per ton; 50 million tons of liquid 6-tonne investments, equivalent to 25,000 yuan per ton per ton, with lower expenditure on crystallized investments 2), to save the process steps of crystallization and dissolution, which can yield efficient output through continuous production and avoid use
Hydrogen fluoride, with reduced energy consumption on equipment; The formation of a circular industrial chain: saltate waste is generated during crystal production, which is costly to humans; and sulphuric acid is generated during liquid production of hexafluoride, which not only saves treatment costs, but can also be recycled for the production of by-products.
Iron for phosphate, the horizontal layout of the power “the electrolyte + the positive material.” Overall, HFC6 has a cost advantage of about 10-15%, so the future F6 competitive advantage will continue to extend further upstream into the company’s raw materials industry chain.
Hydrogen, 25,000 tons hydrofluoric acid, an important raw material for lithium hexafluoride, which had previously been in the company’s possession of 5,000 tons of capacity, while in 19 years the company announced its intention to invest 200,000 tons of nickel hydroxide, 30,000 tons of iron phosphate, expand the sulfur acid project for positive prepolar pre-dispersions, and build a chain of circular industries.
Consumption of the tailings generated by existing installations and reduction of the tailings treatment costs, on the other hand, can be used to meet the demand for electricity for production, reduce recycling emissions, yielding a projected $302 million after delivery, resulting in a net gain of $52 million. To be released in private, it is proposed to further promote the integrated layout of the industrial chain.
16.70 billion for the construction of electrolyte liquids and solar-related projects, including the construction of an annual production of 16,000 tons of pentafluoride, 4,000 tons of lithium fluorine, 4,000 tons of lifsi and 1,800 tons of electrolyte additives per year, which are planned to produce 60,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluoride per year, 70,000 tons of solvents per year and 150,000 tons of electrolysis per year.
Liquid fluid configuration devices to build an integrated chain production profile of "sulfic acid - hydrofluoric acid - lithium fluorophosphorus - lithium hexafluoride - lithium electrolyte". The electrolyte additives, lifsi and lithium difluorophosphate, continue to increase their self-sufficiency rates, with a plan to increase their competitiveness from the top half to the top of 3.5.
Adders are one of the core electrolyte technologies. Adders are complex, pure, difficult to imitate, and the country has high environmental and safety requirements, thus becoming one of the main technical barriers to electrolyte. Currently, additive development lags behind electrolyte demand, and small additives are not only patently protected but also difficult to produce, adding in 20-21.
The importance of this is becoming more important, and it is likely that it will be scarce, and that it will capture the profits of core technology producers. And as nickel content rises, voltage rises, positive nickel ion dissolves, accelerated electrolytes decomposition, destroyed negative polar sei membranes, resulting in reduced battery circulation and safety, the demand for new additives rises.
The company's additives are purchased 40% - 50% in 19 years, and are expected to purchase only 10% next year. The company's 15-year replenishment is built 1,000 tonnes of light-induced, 2,000 tonnes of trifluoroacetic acetylene, 1,000 tonnes of trifluoroacetic acid, 4,000 tonnes of sulphuryl fluoride, which is the reason Gimut became the project.
An important part of the configuration of the gifted additives. 20 years is planned to raise 1,800 tons of electrolyte additives per year to achieve a further increase in the self-supply ratio of additives.
Adders with more than two functions, studying the main directions 3.6. New lithium salt performances excellent, new future growth points. New lithium salt difluorosulfonyl sulfonyl silifs1 is the future direction: performance shows that the overall performance of lifs1 is excellent.
At Lipf6, Lipf6 is expected to contribute to accelerated industrialization of lifsi by limiting its use in high temperature, high voltage power because of its decomposition at high temperatures and water sensitivity, while lifsi compensates for the lack of lpf6 in terms of conductivity, stability and cryogenicity, while lifsi has an advantage in single-body energy density.
Lifsi has a wide potential for demand, barriers, and bargaining power: in 2012, lifsi first appeared, and Japan's media announced an industrialization of lifsi, but as a result of high technical barriers and high production costs, it was sold at a price of about RMB 500,000-600,000/tonne. The former Korean lg, Samsung, Matsuki, etc. used lifsi to mix lithium hexafluorate in high-end areas.
As the domestic industry deepens its applied research, lifsi is becoming a more popular new lithium salt, and many manufacturers are starting to produce lifsi as an auxiliary lithium salt, combined with Lipf6, to take full advantage of the two, within ten thousand yuan per ton, marketable and profitable space.
The amount of capital and R & D invested in the pre-existing materials is high, with 3 million tonnes in 17 years, 20 million tonnes in December 19 years, with a total investment of 200 million tons, and currently 0.23 million tonnes of capacity, with lower costs under the scale effect, and Māori q4 gradually becoming operational. The new lithium salt layout benefits from the enhanced electrolyte chain barrier, which enhances bargaining power and profitability.
Tons/year lifsi projects, with 2400 tons/yearly lifsi projects (phase I) expected to come into production by the end of 2020. Companium technology is one of the companies that developed and produced lifsi autonomously on a global scale and produced it earlier, with a capacity of 1,500 tons/year.
In the industrial sector, where lithium has recovered over 20 years, there has been a rise in demand: in the neutral scenario (a00-grade lithium is 33gwhh, compared to 19%, in the lithium battery, a 65% increase, or 35%, in the same year, an increase of 3 pct; the corresponding requirement for lithium is 75,000.
Lithium sour is less than 2,000 tons, at a loss of more than 30 million, and iron phosphate is in its 19th year of client development, at a loss of about 10 million. The company's iron phosphate is working with Battery, Guinness, Biadi, and so on, and is expected to be released in 20 years.
The company has a pre-carriage capacity of 30,000 tons, and we expect to deliver 15,000 tons in 20 years, at an average cost of $14,000 per ton, to achieve about 11 million in profits.
The company started its business with solarization, which has become a leading industry in the country. The company’s main products are surfactants, silicone, water soluble polymers, ion-moderants, etc., mainly for shampoo, hair protection, bathing, hand-washing, sterilized products, skin protection, laundry, etc.
A solid partnership has been established with a number of major international medals, including Bounty, Unilever, O'League, and Golujah. 1.9 billion, 48.9% more than ever, have optimized the structure of the company’s products, leading to high-morigin products. Domestic development of medium-sized and high-quality clients has led to the formation of current client ladders: new distribution channels overseas, breaking out of the empty regional market, and driving up sales.
In 20 years, Kapom's product volume rose sharply, and its performance increased significantly. 20 years of visual material business, H1 earned $669 million, a significant increase of 67.4 per cent, Māori 65.5 per cent, a significant increase of 33.4 pct, a 29.85 pct increase over the same period. Of this, Kappom, whose market price is currently at $1.52 million per ton, high end product, due to the impact of the epidemic on demand and prices in the near future.
The price of goods was 300,000 yuan per ton or more, three to four times higher than in 17-18 years; in 17-19, the company’s Kapom was able to make a stable profit of more than 300 million dollars a year and is expected to contribute more than 300 million dollars a year. While the price of q3 kpom was down, the company’s orders were full, and Kapo M’s demand was expected to be sustainable.
The development of new products has been very effective, and steady growth is expected after the outbreak: a number of new products have been tested and produced; among them, amino acid surfactants, new capum resins and high-performance organic silicone emulsifiers have been recognized by large international clients, and demand is high and amino acid products are fully operational. Construction began in December 2019 with 185,000 tons of annual daily fertilization.
Electrolytic fluids: The company delivered 4.8 tons of electrolyte in 2019, the company's deep binding of the Ningde era, the vanguard position, solid, and from 20 years ago, overseas customers joined the import start-up, becoming important suppliers of electrolyte from the lig Nanjing plant, and the cost advantage was further enhanced. On the one hand, the overseas customer ratio rose, on the other hand, and benefited from the hexafluoride and the electrolyte process.
The company is a global electrolyte tap, a strong industry, and a stable chain of domestic mainstream battery companies.
Foreign customers are about to release and the increase in overseas city ownership will fully benefit from the global trend of electric carization, with a further expected rate of city occupancy 1) The price of raw materials is volatile and affects profit margins: raw materials costs are higher than overall costs, raw materials price volatility will have a direct impact on corporate Maori levels.
2) The market for lithium batteries is growing faster than expected, and there is insufficient demand for lithium materials and equipment; subsidies are accelerating downhills, and there is a risk in the overall demand for lithium electricity that transmits the demand for upstream materials. 3) Industry competition has intensified. The market for new energy vehicles has expanded rapidly in recent years, and the market has become more competitive.
Materials as a power cell high-morigin link, attracting a large number of investors to participate in market competition through industrial transformation, acquisitions and mergers, the rapid expansion of major manufacturers, the lowering of average market prices each year, and the potential to reduce corporate profitability.