Li Tianfan, the number of live monthly users has increased at the same rate, 3q performance has continued to grow at a rapid rate with net profit of $848 million, an increase of 42.44 per cent, and net profit of $703 million after deduction, an increase of the same year.
78.17 per cent, or $1.84 per cent. Of this amount, $3q collected $807 million in the first quarter, an increase of 37.43 per cent over the same period; The company, as the leader of the domestic office software, continued to innovate in expanding the product lines and creating cloud office ecology, is expected to continue to benefit from mobile office and software nationalization. We appreciate the company's high performance in the area of office software.
Long-term, “buy-in” rating. 3q's performance continued to grow rapidly: in the third quarter of 2021, the company achieved $807 million in revenue, a 37.43 per cent increase over the same period, mainly due to high growth in business income from office software authorizations and personal booking for office services
Income from business shows a steady increase. Sub-operations show that office software authorized operations received $355 million, an increase of 41.19 per cent over the previous year; office service subscriptions received $389 million, an increase of 56.13 per cent over the same period; 3q Māori rates remained high and cost rates decreased on the same basis: Māori rates, 3q in 2021
The total cost of 3q companies decreased by 4.27 percentage points to 63.09 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with R & D costs resulting from office software products
The rate fell by 3.50 percentage points and the cost of sales by 2.82 percentage points. As the management effectiveness of the company became more sophisticated, the overall cost rate gradually decreased, leading to an increase in performance.
Increase in the number of active monthly users by the same rate: corporate office service subscriptions focus on optimizing the number of office collaborating sites Institutional investors as a share of the circulation a share and go online to create a new feature that effectively enhances the stability of the monthly active users of corporate products and the number of user payers
A fixed increase, and an ongoing push to convert subscription users from random demand to long-term applications. By 2021, 9 per cent more than 4 per cent more. Of these, the wpsofficepc version had 206 million active monthly users, an increase of 17.05 per cent compared to the figure; the mobile version had 311 million active monthly users, an increase of 13.50 per cent compared to the figure; other products of the company, such as Golden Mountain, had increased by 13.50 per cent.
The monthly number of active users of the company is higher than expected, suggesting that the user’s resilience is increasing and laying the foundation for future development. Profit predictions: we expect the company’s net profits for 2021-2023, respectively.
Table 1: Changes in the number of monthly active users of major products
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
Taipei Hong Kong Shanghai gives any assurance of the accuracy and completeness of the report, or represents or does any written assurance, and does not have any responsibility or obligation for the accuracy and integrity of the report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A certificate of interest (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may be used as a proof of the description in the report; @ to hold an opinion or stand, or to buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. A certificate of gain (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate in the report on their behalf, or on behalf of others; @. This report is not used as a means of selling or encouraging customers to trade in the certificate mentioned in the report.
_capitalgare#2Taibei Hong Kong Shanghai