On December 22, 2021, the Kimsan Digital Office Congress was held in Beijing.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country and is open — full-fledged” and has launched the Kimsan Digital Office platform and three brand new products, mainly in wpsoffice office software products and services.
The company has over 30 years of accumulated research and development experience and technology in the area of office software.
National policies have frequently been put in place to define the direction of the digital transformation of State-owned enterprises, which has helped to reduce the number of enterprises whose products and services are developed autonomously by companies, to improve the efficiency of core technologies and production services, while office platforms and software are related to the digitalization of enterprises, collaboration, etc.
The public core is the focus of business on digital office. Based on digital office needs, the company has released a new office platform and three new products, including the Kimsan Digital Office platform, based on its own production.
The matrix has been clouded and appetized to produce documents and collaborations in the middle; the three products are the Golden Mountain Collaboration, the Light Vimeter and the Golden Mountain Knowledge Bank: the Golden Mountain Collaboration allows for efficient integration with documents, supports document sessions, and ensures safe flow of documents to prevent leaks. The lightweight watch is designed for multi-person collaborative scenes.
The Golden Mountain Knowledge Bank is a knowledge management tool for enterprises, organizations, and individuals. The three products further strengthen enterprise online document collaboration, tables, etc.
Digital office capacity in such areas as grid collaboration and data asset management, upgrading of business flow efficiency, plus total equity/flowa units (millions of shares) and strong enterprise digital asset security management, with the prospect of effective enterprise digitization in the future.
In response to the trend towards digitization, the Unit b/h (in thousands) is a digital transformation based on office-site enabling clients. As a national-owned office tap, the company benefits from the increasing penetration of alternative trends in national production, and is more confident during the epidemic.
The company’s medium- and long-term logic is strong. The new launch company further enriched the production matrix, released the Golden Mountain Digital Office platform, and three new products designed to create a full range of uniforms.
The one-stop collaborative office platform for the digitalization of clients, which meets the digital needs of clients from multiple angles, including content, communication, systems, information security, business changes, is expected to continue to benefit the company in the future, along with a deepening trend in the digitalization of the business.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: domestication, digitization, clouding trends, looking at companies as champions of office software to capture industry opportunities, and companies responding to business digital office trends Research Assistant: Yongja Zhang
Source of Eastern Finance and Intelligence, Kim Shan Office (688111): Refinement of the product matrix, digitalization of enabling business offices, source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, King Ken Fai, Calculating, IC-Net, Medicinal Informatization, Industrial Software, Ai Big Data, Smart Nets, Visual Industries, Material Network 5g Applications, Finance
In the fields of science and technology and digital money, industrial research is a value-creating concept, and in the fields of cloud computing, smart hardware, information security, and financial science and technology, Sun Xin Xiang.
The research assistant profile Jang Young-ja is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.