22 December 2021 Strategic upgrade, from personal tools to organizational coordination, Kimsan office (68811.sh)
On 22 December, the company organized the Golden Mountain Digital Office Congress, at which the company launched a new organizational platform product that would bring security, openness, empowerment to the organization's users.
U Xing Jian's office solution, which meets the organization's individualized office needs, helps the organization to achieve several intellectual transformations and synergetic evolutions that empower organizations and individuals in both directions.
New items were released, strategic upgrades were made, from personal tools to the full cloudization of organizational collaboration. The company released the Golden Mountain Digital Office platform to achieve the full clouding from product to platform, all Li Xing
The product opening apiization is called to achieve full life-cycle security in office collaboration; a matrix, two medium tables, three enabling scenarios, four modes of delivery is proposed: a matrix integration The current office modules of the company are fully called; and two mediums, i.e., documents, are located and coordinated
At this conference, the company launched three collaborative products - the Golden Mountain Collaboration, the Light Manometer, the Golden Mountain.
Knowledge base for chat collaboration in office processes, fast-tracking of light office applications, and more optimized document management. We believe that the corporate focus has shifted to a greater focus on collaboration rather than on the upgrading of individual tools to better equip and sustain clients to work on a process-wide basis
The process of cloudization will accelerate, with the barrier safe, increasing the availability of products more in line with the digital transformation needs of enterprises under the 14th Five-Year Plan.
cpu, operating systems and databases are originally created to support most of the current mainstream messages Create hardware and software: cpu, companies can adapt to thugs, tungstens, sealights, magnified cores, dragon cores; For operating systems, companies can adapt to thorium operating systems, Central Cofand and Utsuos:
In addition, the company offers ecological openness and empowerment, working together with national producers to build collaborative office values.
The cloud, the golden cloud, the tung tung tung tung tung tung tung tung tung tungsun; in the case of the company's tool manufacturers, we'll win by working with the weleinks, the centuries, the flybooks, and so on, for example, the twilight files are used by Kim San. We believe that the company is at the bottom with the hardware and basic software, and it's applied softly.
From new to common, user-to-user cloud online usage and robust growth in indicators.Wps cloud-to-user indicators show a significant increase in the volume of documents stored by the wps cloud clients.
From 50pb in January 2020 to 190pb in November 2021, an increase of 82%. In the same period, the number of wps stored files increased by 45%. The capacity of storage grew faster than the number of files.
Of these, the monthly active equipment of the wpsofficepc version was 206 million, an increase of 17.05 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the mobile version of the monthly active equipment was 311 million, an increase of 13.50 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year; the monthly active equipment of other Division products, such as the Golden Mountain Phrase, was close to 5 million; and with regard to cloud-end documents,
Individual and “wps+” users upload the cloud files to 118.9 billion copies through the public cloud service, an increase of 50.15% over the same period, and the user's viscerality has increased. The indicators increase indicates that the public is constantly improving the functionality and application of the product and its competitiveness.
The new strategy will improve the availability of products and will benefit in the future from the opening of spaces in the IT-substitution industry to see the future of companies and maintain a “recommended” rating. It is high and does not bring the risk of expected growth in revenue and profits; technological innovation; product rotation;
Risks that do not match the market.
Figure 3: Māori rates and changes in net interest rates (%)
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Manager. With a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on science and technology corporate research, the University of Sydney joined the Chinese Galaxy Portfolio in 2019, mainly in computer/constructor investment studies.