3-quarter review 2021: subscriptions released, letter booming, 31 October 2021, Research Assistant Zhou Gao Dynasty
Events: 3rd Quarterly Report 2021 issued by the Office of Kimshan, with revenue of 807 million yuan achieved in the first three quarters of 2021, representing an increase of 37.43 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of 299 million yuan, representing an increase of 25.75 per cent in the same year; ▪ strategic upgrades are steadily advancing and core business is strong. Companies are continuously focusing on user needs and deep-farming.
Authorized and subscribed to a two-product line to continue the implementation of the multiscreen, cloud, content, ai and collaboration strategy to achieve good business performance. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved $807 million in revenue and its office software authorization generated $355 million, an increase of 41.19 per cent; and office services.
Subsistence revenue of $389 million, an increase of 56.13 per cent over the same period; Internet advertising promotion and other industries authorizing a high rate of growth, while Internet advertising is driven by an active corporate strategic shift to optimize user experience by reducing windows, interruptions, etc.
The demand for q3-sourced products remained strong in 2021, driving software-authorized operations to keep up with rapid growth.
With regard to corporate governance, the company established a platform for improved business training and management, effectively upgraded its pre-sale management, project support and landscape development capabilities, built on the development dividends of the IT industry and continued to build trust capacity in ecological services, joined a credible computing alliance, and launched a first bill at the Developer ' s Congress in 2021.
(b) Actively participating in the emerging innovation market pilot, with the unanimous endorsement of the government and business clients, to create a collaborative programme centred on document services for the co-location platform of major IT-based parties such as digital government, smart office, etc.
The office subscription service focuses on improving the user’s experience, optimizing the collaborative scene, and moving on to new functions such as rice.
Shell Library, One-Kids Band-Aid Light Edition, Wps In-depth Custom Service, etc., increase in the number of monthly devices and user fees for boosted products and continuously promote subscriptions Annual Report ratings: payment penetration rates are steady
Households move from random demand to long-term applications. By 2021, q3, the company’s main product was set to operate 521 million units per month, an increase of 14 per cent compared to the previous year, of which the wpsofficepc editions increased by 206 million per month, with high performance growth expected to continue.
Large-scale demand for cloud synergy in a digital transition, corporate collaboration through high R & D inputs, 2, Office in Kimshan (688111): Performance + N/L application + Industry ' s Digital Transformation Package, and Multi-Practical Applications
Continue to grow at a high rate, watch the b-end small program service, and meet the full range of cloud applications. Open the new market as digitally transformed and clouded. 2021-02-24
Incoming, user ease and safety needs for cloud-side applications will be released gradually, with user fees, use of 3, and Offices in Golden Hills (688111): home integration will increase steadily, laying the foundation for good cash flow and robust growth in business.
Net profit doubled, waiting for the new strategy  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We maintained the company ' s net profit forecast 2021-2023 performance release 2021-01-27
In the lead, multiple factors this year, such as letter start, online office acceleration, improved subscription service indicators (transformation rates, mau, frequency of consumption) and cloud collaboration, contributed to high performance growth and maintained the “buy-in” rating.