Li Tianfan released the Golden Mountain Digital Office platform, enabling large organizations to digitize their offices.
Organizing the digital transformation of the platform ' s product, the Kimsan Digital Office Platform, with the release of three entirely new products from the Golden Mountain Collaboration, the Light Vimeter and the Golden Mountain Knowledge Bank. Launching the Golden Mountain Digital Office Platform: In recent days, the company officially launched the Golden Mountain Digital Office Platform, one item
Based on the gold mountain office product matrix and bottom open capacity, platform products designed to meet the digital transformation and upgrading of office services for large, mega-group users, including governments, state companies, corporations, etc. The gold mountain digital office platform focuses on the overall clouding of the gold mountain office product matrix, and refers to it.
Secondary development interface services for customization, with modular documentation and instant communication capabilities at the core of user-owned platforms to help clients build a stand-alone digital office platform that empowers large-scale organizations to digitize and upgrade their offices.
Integrated office capacity matrix configuration: three new products released by companies: 1) Golden Mountain Collaboration - a new generation of collaborative office platforms based on document conversations and integration of various collaborative services of the Golden Mountain Office; 2) Light-dimensional Table - enhanced-form software specifically designed for multi-person collaborative scenes; 3) Golden Mountain Knowledge Bank -
A new generation of knowledge management tools to support the construction of multifunctional structures and databases. The Office is now developing a comprehensive organizational capacity matrix covering the full life cycle of digital offices, contributing to the rapid digitization of people, tools, processes within the organization and achieving unified security controls.
The digital transformation of enterprises is a necessary option for future development: in February this year, the State Commission of the State Council issued a circular on accelerating the digital transformation of State-owned enterprises, identifying the number of State-owned enterprises.
. The Kimsan Digital Office platform presents the “One Business Capacity Matrix”, two mediums (in the files, in collaboration), three enabling scenarios (a full set of platforms, modular combinations, capability embedded), four modes of delivery (public cloud, private cloud, blending)
It also addresses the challenges of digitalizing the offices of large organizations, such as the cloud, the all-in-trust environment. The office is now established throughout the country.
Five technology centres, with service centres in 344 cities, promote digital office ecology through the establishment of open service eco-systems and multi-dimensional enabling partners in technology, training, channels, etc. As the trend of domestic business on-line is developing, and cloud technology matures, digitalization is taking place
Public transformation needs are getting stronger. The company ' s timely introduction of new products to improve business collaboration platforms has helped to open up the b-end market growth space for rapid growth. Profit forecasts: we expect the company to make a net profit in 2021/22/23, respectively.
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be duplicated or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The Associated Company may use or recommend any action prior to receipt of this report or on the basis of the information or research contained in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report.
. This report ... was not used to sell or induce customers to trade in the certificate referred to in the report.