The Great Wall car (60163.sh) exports grew 115% in the second quarter of the year, and the transformation of the new energy strategy continued.
New energy and exports were released in tandem with a 36 per cent increase in the second quarter of the single quarter of the year. 2023h1 Great Wall car realized a net profit of $750 million, or 63.6 per cent; in the first quarter, the Wall sold 299,000 vehicles, or +27.3 per cent, and the Ring + 36 per cent, of which exports and new energy vehicles were outstanding: q2 exports.
72,000 vehicles sold, +114.8%, ring +38.4%, and 65,000 new energy vehicles sold, up from 65,000 single-car receipts and profit rings. By brand, the Great Wall ' s 2302 Hover brand sold 167,000 vehicles, +36.6%, Wey ' s brand sold 15,000 vehicles, + 91.5%, and pickup cards sold 54,000.
+4.5 per cent for the same year; 30 million vehicles sold by the Ora brand, +16.4 per cent for the same year; 24,000 tanks sold, €10,000, mainly due to the expected increase in new energy sources, exports, medium- and high-end brands (Wei + Tanks); 2302 Great Wall vehicles at a cost of 23,024 per cent, +8.2 pt for the same year.
The impact of exchange gains was high last year, the ring ratio -2.9pct highlighted the effectiveness of corporate cost control, 2302 Great Wall car profits of 0.4 million yuan, the ring of +040,000 dollars, and the marginal improvement in profitability. Hi4-t Heats continued. Haver Dragons, tanks 400hi4-t opened up for sale, and Wei High Mountain dht-phev dht-phev
New technologies, new product eruptions, leading to an upward breakthrough in intelligent new energy sources; 2) Technology dimensions: precision inputs in three main areas of mixing, pure electricity, hydrogen energy, strategies and advanced technology, The Wall ' s Motors (60163.sh) - short-term pressure on profitability, waiting for new product release
Release of smart 4-drive hybrid technology hi4 (which will be the first on the recent market for a new new Hover energy vehicle); 3) The Great Wall Automobile (60163.sh) 2022 has continued to grow in profit, and the new energy war has been organized in a transformative dimension: to create a 3.0 version of the organizational structure through the “Strength Backstage, Big Centre, Small Front”.
The Great Wall Cars (60163.sh) - Three Quarterly Report Review: Three Quarters of the List is a year-on-year improvement. The Wall has built a set of forest ecosystems that cut across the entire vehicle to the core parts and is continuously empowering. The Wall Cars (60163.sh) - Middle Report Review: 59% higher in the first half of the year.
“The Great Wall Motors (60133.sh)-Hafoh6 mixed edition, which opens the new energy transfer Investment proposal: In view of the fall of the new energy vehicle subsidy in 2023, several cars are rolling down the price reduction measures.
Keeping in view the performance of the Wall as a result of the transformation of its new energy strategy and maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Performance overview: new energy and exports released in full, with 36% growth in the second quarter of the single quarter. 2023h1 Wall cars received 69.970 billion yuan, compared to 12.6%, net profit on the mother of 1.36 billion yuan, compared to 75.7%, net profit on the head of the Wall.
The profit was 750 million yuan, or 63.6 per cent of the year; in the first quarter, the Wall sold 299,000 vehicles, or +27.3 per cent of the year, the ring + 36 per cent, the export sales 72,000 vehicles, or +114.8 per cent of the year, and the ring +38.4 per cent, the q2 new energy vehicle sales, or 65,000, as shown in figure 2: The Great Wall ' s single-season revenue from motor vehicles and their speed of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 4: The Wall ' s single-season net profit and increase (in billions of dollars, per cent) of automobiles ' single-season profits, single-car revenue versus profit ring increases. The company ' s 2302 surplus is 137,000 yuan, ring + 0.5 million yuan, which is expected to be mainly due to the increase in the share of new energy sources, exports, medium- and high-end brands (Wei + tank); and 2302 cars with a profit of 0.4 million.
Mar, ring ratio + 0.4 million yuan. 2302 Wall car sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates, respectively, figure 5: Wall car Maori ratio, changes in net interest rate, figure 6: Wall quarterly car rate, changes in net interest rate
Figure 7: Variations in the four rates per year of the Wall ' s automobiles: Figure 8: Variations in the four rates per quarter of the Wall ' s automobiles: Figure 9: Quarterly one-car pick-up and profitability of the Wall ' s cars (millions of dollars)
Figure 10: Wall vehicle annual single-car revenues and profits (millions of dollars) Sales: by brand name, the Wall ' s 2302 Huff brand sold 167,000 vehicles, or +36.6 per cent of the year; Wey 10,000 vehicles, or +16.4 per cent of the year; and tank branded sales, 24,000 vehicles, or +20.4 per cent of the year.
In the context of a mutually reinforcing development of the domestic international two-cycle, the Great Wall vehicle operates with a complete research and marketing system and a localized user, fully accelerating the “eco-seaing”. The “onegwm” global branding action programme will also help the Wall to integrate its niche resources, with a gwm at its core and a gwm at its centre in an overseas focus.
In the first half of 2023, the Great Wall ' s full-speed off-the-street market, with a total sales volume of 1,233,000, an increase of 80.2% compared to the previous year, created a record high in the Great Wall ' s car exports. The second quarter saw 72,000 exports, an increase of 38% over the ring; and an increase of 114% over the same year.
In the first half of the year, more than 600 vehicles, including Haphev, Euratom, 300 tanks and 500 tanks, were listed in several overseas markets, including gcc, Latin America, ASEAN, Australasia.
The Great Wall's “Eco-Maritime” strategy has accelerated its landing, and overseas localization has continued. In the first half of the year, the Great Wall's first accessories centre in the Middle East became operational in the United Arab Emirates, creating a system of 1+n spare parts security; the Brazilian Vice-President visited the Wall's car factory in Brazil to witness the launch of the Brazilian first hybrid flex-fuel pickup project; and with Uzi.
In the first half of the year, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed between the Bekkkstan Automobile Company and the Great Wall’s auto industry on cooperation in the development of the Uzbek market. The network of overseas distributors was quickly laid.
Strategic partnerships have been established with distributors such as the Group, the Group of British Lords and dozens of new dealers abroad during the Shanghai Car Fair to accelerate the expansion of global distribution networks to provide more resourceful and cleaner products to overseas consumers.
Looking ahead to 2023, the Great Wall, under the leadership of a new management team and with the enhanced capacity of the forest ecosystem, will deepen the development of new energy sources, intelligence and globalization, and will launch a new journey of power for a new round of high-quality growth: (1) forest ecosystems will continue to thrive and new energy sources will develop rapidly.
As China’s only and only second-largest country in terms of energy, intelligence, flattening, networking, and decentralised whole-sector chain layouts, the Great Wall has built multi-species interactions and continuously evolving forest ecosystems, developed a full industrial layout, and brought about efficient synergies between core technological autonomy and organizational systems.
Figure 16: Great Wall Forest Ecosystems (2) New motor vehicles are ready for launch, 2th quarter, Wall cars are intensely releasing multiple new energy blasts, triggering market and consumer interest.
Intelligent 4-dip-hip-hip-hip-hip-hip-huff-huff-huff-huff-huff-huff-dht-phev, which forms a large monolithic combination with Hoff-hoff-hoff-hoff-hoff-huff-huff-huff, which has a brand-new set-up and a four-way wave; six blue-sand-hamps-hamp-hamps, which continue to be sold and used as a new suv-market pole for 300,000-ylum families; and the tank brand's first new energy vehicle type.
Tank 500hi4-t, which opened the Blue Sea of the “New Energy + Land Cruiser” market with hard verification, has ordered more than 10,000 orders since it was listed, selling more heat than ever before. Continuing the two-quarter growth trend, the Wall’s cars are all full-powered and intelligent new energy sources.
The new high-end mpv exclusive platform is the technology base, and the Great Wall vehicle is launching a large number of new energy products during the Chengdu exhibition. Haver Dragons, tanks 400hi4-t, are starting a pre-sale, and Wei High Mountain dht-phev is starting to accept reservations.
(iii) Pure electricity, mixing, hydrogen energy, parallel to new energy strategies, accelerated landing. In the area of mixing, dht became an important pillar of the Great Wall ' s new energy product matrix, with multiple brands of new products falling under the flag, meeting the user ' s dual demand for long-duration and pure electricity experience.
The Wall has also recently released a completely new smart 4-drive power mix hi4, a hybrid "new configuration" of three power source dual-axis distributions, a "new breakthrough" for an intvc intelligent torque vector control system, and a coupling transmission system.
New heights. Designed specifically for the high-level driving needs of the new energy landscape. Real "4-D4" experience, 2-D4 price, 4-D4 performance, 2-D energy consumption." The technology will be first on the market in the near future with the new Hover-type energy vehicle, and the entire new energy product of the Great Wall will become fully available in 2024, and more so in the future.
In March, the results of the evaluation of the Sixth World Ten-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F
Investment proposal: keep an eye on the Wall's new energy strategy and keep the “buy-in” rating 1. Product dimensions: q2 Hafronmax and Haflon form a large one-size-fits-all combination, and Blue Mountain Wei dht-phev, Tank 500hi4-t continues. Haftaroons, tanks 400hi4-t open for pre-sale, and Wei High Mountain dht-phev open.
New technologies, new product eruptions, leading to a breakthrough in new sources of intelligent energy; 2) technological dimensions: precision inputs in the three main areas of mixing, pure electricity, hydrogen energy, strategies and advanced technologies, and the release of smart four-drive hybrid technologies.
The Great Wall has built a set of forest ecosystems that cut through the core to zero, and is continuing to transform and build up the new energy sources of the Wall. Given the fall of the new energy vehicle subsidy in 2023, several vehicles have been running price reduction measures to secure sales, and industry terminals.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject