Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh)
In recent years, companies have been working together to build a sound foundation for public business, rejuvenation of the retail financial system, building up the manufacturing sector’s expertise by the end of 2022, and manufacturing lending by the end of 2022. Jiangsu is a major manufacturing industry.
Since 2017, the company has continued to increase its evaluation of manufacturing loans, with a focus on advanced manufacturing loans, in 2022, s09805190001.
The final manufacturing credit balance, which accounts for 22.6 per cent of public loans, is only slightly lower than that of the banks of Suzhou (32.09 per cent) and Ningbo (29.2 per cent) in the comptoirs in the city. With MSMEs at the core of services and their continuous downswing, the digitalization capacity continues to grow.
Micro-credit balances account for nearly 70% of public loans, and have grown rapidly in recent years. The company’s small-scale micro-credit balance, which for many years has been the first in Jiangsu province, is inextricably linked to its financial technology.
Retailing operations have been very effective, and consumer finance and wealth management have been wide-ranging. The three major economic circles are rich, with high financial demand, and companies have continued to deepen their retail business transformation, and have vigorously developed consumer finance and wealth management.
Regional outreach, with consumer loans accounting for 47.6 per cent of the individual loan balance at the end of 2022, and the Department's development of a sophisticated management system for “all customers, all channels, all products”.
In 2022, the second and fifth comptoirs of the company ' s Roe and Roa stock in the city were more profitable. On the one hand, in recent years, companies have been active in optimizing the structure of the firm and increasing their investment in high-yield loans.
On the other hand, companies have continued to increase their stock deficits, while at the same time actively controlling new failures, with significant adverse indicators, optimizing progress toward the first tier of the line. The company’s provision coverage has been raised to 366%, with a high level of security.
First, as the largest corporate bank in Jiangsu province, where Jiangsu has raised its share of the market, we believe that the market is still under-informed about the development patterns of Jiangsu Bank and its potential for profitable growth:
Second, a balanced pattern of growth in public, micro, and retail sales has been developed, with steady and rapid growth expected to continue under three wheels. Building on regional economic advantages, Jiangsu Bank has focused on the service entity economy over the years, increasing its support for advanced manufacturing, with manufacturing lending being ranked among the highest.
Business is at the core, and micro-lending balances have been at the top of Jiangsu province for many years, and have continued to sunk in recent years, increasing support in the area of inclusive finance. While building a sound foundation for public business, the Department has also been active in revitalizing the retail financial system, expanding its consumer finance and wealth management operations, and eventually making a big difference.
Finally, business excellence and asset quality have improved significantly, and companies are expected to pick up further. Companies have continued to increase their stock loads in recent years, and the quality of assets has significantly improved towards the first tier of the markers.
The long-term improvement of the quality of the assets of Jiangsu Bank has continued to improve its performance.
The company is the largest corporate bank in Jiangsu province, with its headquarters in Jiangsu Nanjing. On 2 August 2016, Jiangsu Bank was located in Shanghai.
The stock exchange was listed on the main board, with assets totalling $2.98 trillion by the end of 2022. In 2022, the global bank was ranked 71st in the top 500 rankings.
In Jiangsu Bank's business section, large-scale public business (deprived from public business), micro-business and retail business have gone hand in hand. In recent years, companies have focused on small-scale and retail financial business, while building a good foundation for public business, resulting in large-scale public business, small-scale business, retail business, and balance.
In the last two years, however, fiscal policy has continued to increase over the past two years due to economic downside pressures, thus increasing the share of the public sector operating in areas where the share of the economy has been raised by the cultivation of Jiangsu, the three major economic circles where the company ' s share of the loan market in Jiangsu has continued to increase, while actively promoting the Director ' s triangle, the Pearl Triangle, and the Rim Sea.
The three major developed economic circles are expected to maintain steady and faster growth. At the end of 2022, the company had 532 institutions (including one financial operations centre) covering all 13 local municipalities in Jiangsu province and the regional distribution of the loan balances in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and the end of the year, with the Jiangsu region accounting for 85.20% of the total loans; and the Long Triangle area (excluding the Long Triangle).
Jiangsu accounted for 6.64 per cent; the Rim Sea area for 3.89 per cent; and the Pearl Triangle region for 4.27 per cent.In recent years, companies have continued to deepen their retail operations and have increased their capacity to do business, and their share in the loan market in Jiangsu has increased steadily. The company ' s market share in Jiangsu was 6.61 per cent in late 2022.
At the same time, the three major economic circles have expanded better, providing ample scope for the expansion of the size of the Department. Figure 3: The distribution of Jiangsu Bank ' s network in late 2022
Equity structure: Local state enterprises have a strong background, and there is a significant advantage in cooperation between government and business.