In the south of the country, but in comparison with the provinces, the Bank of Jiangsu’s basic business is located in the south.
Other listed local comptoirs, with their strong institutional and asset profile in the North, are expected to benefit better from the strong economic growth that North Su has shown. At the same time, the upgrading of manufacturing, the development of small micro-economics, are important drivers for the sustainable development of Jiangsu’s economy, maintaining a strong demand for regional financing, and stabilizing asset quality.
How to build a micro-breathhouse? Jiangsu kept the provincial micro-lending city in the lead, contributing more than a third of the total. We believe that its micro-lending advantages are at least two-fold: differentiated client orientation, more focus on small and medium-sized enterprises than on self-employed households, which enables them to do so.
It is enough to compete with the provincial farmers’ comptoirs, and is fully reflected in the differences in the average size of micro-lending households; and, secondly, in the comprehensive digitalization that underpins the quality of micro-learners and micro-assets. What can a fast-growing trading bank bring?
Supply chain finance and cash management are at the heart of its operations, and the former is expected to become important for the sustainability of microfinance.
The research assistant in Bowen’s decade of retail transition has been remarkable. Consumer finance, wealth management, and the Bank of Jiangsu’s retail transition are the main priorities.
Taking advantage of the policy opportunities, Jiangsu Bank began to operate its consumer loans in 2013, and in 2021 it became the most important component of its loans, with the result that Jiangsu Bank has a leading asset rate of return and net profit differential. The base of the customer base, access advantages, and asset management capacity are the three main elements of Jiangsu Bank’s wealth management.
The Bank of Jiangsu (600919.sh) reported its performance in 2022, which helped it to become the first city comptoir to sell aum for trillions of dollars. How does the “rebel” roe continue? Since 2021, the Bank of Jiangsu has recovered rapidly.
\triangleright 2. Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) in the third quarter of 2022 23q1 is second only to Chengdu and Ningpo Bank in the city comptoirs.
Following up on the outlook, we believe that three aspects support the maintenance of the roe: first, that the net income differential advantage is expected to continue, and that the end cost of the liability will fall or be critical, and second, that there will be a comparison of the work of the peers.
There is much room for improvement in the contribution of the middle-income sector, particularly with the largest financial management subsidiary in the city's comptoirs; third, in the context of stable asset quality, there is still room for credit costs to go down, after all, in the last three years, the bad write-off effort 4. Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) reported in mid-2022:
Sustained growth and accelerated removal of historical burdens. Growth in the deficit of interest margins, impressive performance increases - 2022/08/30 Investment recommendations: strong net difference advantages, sustained improvement in asset quality, high-roe sustainability
Microbusiness, tradable banking, retail transformation are the bright spots of Jiangsu Bank and have contributed to its success over the past two years.
pb, below the comparable industry average, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright 1 takes up a financial fertile ground, with a marked advantage of the location
The Bank of Jiangsu was established in 2007 and is based in Jiang Nanjing, the largest corporate bank in Jiangsu province. Since its inception, Jiangsu Bank has been working deep on the territory of Sumamoto.
At the end of 2022, there were 532 branches, 460 of which were located in the province, covering the entire territory of Jiangsu province. The business base is located in the south of the country, where the North has a strong presence.
By the end of 2022, Jiangsu Bank was in the centre of business at 243 points south of the country, with 1.4 trillion dollars of assets in size, and the cornerstone of its operations was clear. North Sudan’s rapid economic growth is expected to bring further prominence to Jiangsu Bank’s regional advantages.
In 2022, most of North Subei’s cities, gdp, grew faster than the average in Jiangsu, partly because of the country’s strong support for advanced manufacturing, which led to rapid growth in cities dominated by manufacturing, such as Xuzhou, Salt City, Xiaoan, and Xuxizhou, which is located at the transport hub, which can drive the economic development of other North Subei cities.
In contrast to other urban comptoirs in the region, Jiangsu Bank has a strong competitive edge in North Su. Its North North hub is 29.4%, and its assets are 16.5%, significantly higher than the Bank of Nanjing and the Bank of Suzhou, and is expected to enjoy better dividends from North Subei’s economic development.
1.2 Manufacturing is well developed, micromarkets are booming, manufacturing is booming, and the transformation has led to sustained economic dynamism. Jiangsu, as a major manufacturing department, produces 48.5% of the total industrial output of new technology in Jiangsu, and strategic and emerging industries.
It also accounts for more than 40% of the total industrial output. The upgrading of the manufacturing sector gives rise to a longer-term demand for finance and long-term support for the quality of the assets of regional financial institutions.
The economy of Jiangsu is well-developed. The value added of the non-public economy exceeded the value added of gdp by 3/4 in 2022, and the private and private sectors increased the value of gdo by more than 50%.
The credit balance of micro-enterprises is 14.5 pct higher than the growth rate of the same year, while the share of the national balance of inclusive micro-credit is nearly 11%. The share of shareholders in the state is higher.
The strong background of State capital will be a solid back-up for the Bank's expansion of government finance and other operations, including Jiangsu Province.