Increased benefits from air conditioners as a result of the release of the Power Remedial Policy for 2025 electric appliances (000651.sz)
Today, the National Development Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance have launched a massive extension in 2025 to implement a policy of replacing old equipment and consumer goods with old ones. It has made clear that it supports the replacement of domestic electricity products with old ones. It continues to support the refrigerators, washing machines, televisions, air conditioners, computers, water heaters, domestic stoves, oil smokers, etc.
For old and new products, include four types of home appliances, such as microwaves, water purification units, dishwashers, and electric cookers.
20% of the cell. Each consumer is entitled to a subsidy of one package per product (up to three units per consumer), with a subsidy of up to $2,000 per item. The AC subsidy policy is better than expected, benefiting the consumption of air conditioners in 2025: we think the 2025 edition is better than expected.
One of the points of view of the old change policy was the increase in the number of individual consumer air-conditioning subsidies, i.e., the maximum number of units per user was raised from one to three, and we thought it would be better to release the 2025 air-conditioning consumption. First, in 2023, Chinese residents had about 146 air-conditioning units per 100 households, of which cities and towns owned about 146.
There are about 172 air conditioning units per 100 inhabitants, and 205/01/02 per 100 air conditioners in Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang will be released for replacement. In addition, 290 insurance units per 100 households in Japan will be available in 2023.
With easing and falling interest rates on loans, new and second-line houses on the first line and part of the second-line city, and a similar upturn, we believe that a steady fall in the real estate market will also contribute to the volume of air-conditioning sales.
According to the latest monitoring data by the cric, in December 2024, 30 priority cities received a higher share of air-conditioning, greater elasticity, and more attractive dividends: corporate air-conditioning, a higher share of business receipts, a high 74% in 2023, and higher than other white-column companies (US).
We believe that companies have benefited more from this policy update. Moreover, by adding annual dividends, the annual gross share is 102 per cent, 72 per cent, 46 per cent, and we believe that eventually companies will benefit from the national household subsidy policy, and that the company has a high percentage of dividends and dividends.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.