Gravity Electric (stock code: 000651) event: The company released a 2024 medium-term profit distribution plan, and every 10 shares found a gold dividend of $10 (including a real bonus for the power, which is still expected: 1) in terms of historical red rates.
Although the company's share of the money is unstable, the combined consideration of the historical share of the power appliances and the actual distribution of one dollar per share means that the annual report has a share of no less than one dollar per share, and the future is still to be expected. The white panel is a high-scoring, solidly growing value plate: apart from the power, American, Hale, Heinz.
With China’s interest rate on deposits falling, the rate of return on the white tap will be of higher concern. In the low-interest Japanese market, the comparable gold industry enjoys a significantly higher range of valuations.
The current warming air-conditioning market has a high profile and companies are expected to benefit as champions: in 2024, the air-conditioning market benefited from a new consumption stimulus with a new consumption switch, with a higher volume, better structure, and a higher profile. According to the industry online, the sales of air-conditioning in November grew by 55.7 per cent and 44.2 per cent, respectively, with an internal sales increase of 28.7 per cent.
Policy effects continue to be evident. At the end of the scale of production, the performance in December was 31.7 per cent higher than in the same year, while in January-March 2025, the output in the air-conditioning sector fell by 1.5 per cent compared to the same year in the same period in 2024, and increased to avoid retail fluctuations due to the seamlessness of State subsidies and short-term data fluctuations were not considered sufficient.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the same in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.