Utility shares (000938.sz) Communications group
“In-depth study of Purple Shares: ict leads, ai servers and swaps net profit of $692 million, an increase of 18.01 per cent over the same period.
The Treasury, 2025 Xinhua Triads, collects about $18.78 billion, i.e. +66%/ring ratio + 53%, 870 million for international operations, i.e. +48%, ring ratio - 17%. We believe that the core increase in revenues from the business of the Xinhua companies is from the purchase of ai servers by downstream Internet customers, i.e.
And 400g/800g high-speed switch revenue increases. The company’s 2q25 Māori Ring Ratio -0.77 ptt, we believe, is largely due to an increase in the revenue of the low Maori ai server.
With the British Weidah series of chips banned and the national production of the ii chip enhanced, the national production of the ii chip is expected to accelerate penetration. The company's client structure is dominated by government, so the i server uses national production.
The relatively high proportion of chips, coupled with close cooperation between companies and head-state chip manufacturers, is expected to benefit fully from the national production replacement process. On the balance sheet, the contractual liability of 2025 is 66% higher than the corresponding increase, laying the foundation for a higher level of subsequent performance.
The company is ranked second in 31.1% of the total market share of the T-Net exchange. To fully account for the extreme demand for ultra-low-time delay and hyper-absorption, the company's forward-looking layout, with a focus on the 800g data centre based on critical national chips (over 95% national production rate).
Switches h3cs9825-8c-g, and replaces the new generation of non-destructive network solutions. In the medium term, the scale-up domain EDX will accelerate penetration, and inner interconnectivity will drive growth.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating High cost of debt, less than expected pace of entry to the port, risk of stock impairment, short supply of chips, risk of increased market competition, less progress on development of the scale-up domain.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market