New Olympic shares (600803.sh) 2023q1 company has a small drop in total gas sales, a persistent gap in the gross sales of air panels, and a steady recovery in the volume of retail gas plates and the gross differences.
This represents a decrease of 6.8 per cent; of these, direct sales by companies of 908 million (426 million domestic sales and 482 million overseas sales) have fallen by 26.2 per cent; retail sales of 7.05 billion, an increase of 3.1 per cent.
The Department ' s combined energy sales amounted to 7,062 million kWh (49 per cent of vapour, 43 per cent of cold heat, 8 per cent of electricity), an increase of 27.8 per cent over the same period.
In terms of gas prices, the price of 2023q1 Chinese lng was $6169.6 per tonne, a decrease of 7.7 per cent in the same year; and the average CIF of 2023q1 Chinese lng was $740 per tonne (approximately $5104.5 tons), a decline of 3.9 per cent in the same year.
The domestic gas consumption rebounded slightly, with China ' s gas consumption of 2023q1 on a visual scale of 95.6 billion, an increase of 1.6 per cent over the same period, a further recovery in gas consumption, an increase in gas sales in urban combustion operations / million British heat (over the same period - 48.1 per cent) and an average current United States hh price of $2.7 million United States / million British fever (up the same period).
The price gap between the global and interregional gas markets is persistent, and the high Māori resale business is expected to continue. Direct sales will be profitable or will continue, retail gas will recover at a high rate, and the gas plate is expected to continue.
High growth. Direct sales: New Olympic shares depend on stable downstream customer resources, large-scale receiving station assets, rich experience in international trade in natural gas and good international credibility, with a total contract volume of 106 million tons with the United States supplier ng; and a reception site at Choshan.
At present, the processing capacity is 7.5 million tonnes/year, with the capacity expected to rise to 10 million tonnes/year after 2025, and the profits from overseas resale operations are expected to continue; direct sales are expected to grow at a high rate after 2025 with the low price linkage of hh. Retail gas: companies have stable diversity.
Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. Domestic resource pool, two thirds of the gas volume of the three oil cooperation pipelines, relatively low procurement costs, cindasecuitiesco., Ltd.
Small ups; retail gas sales to business and gas station users downstream as a percentage of the total.
Reconciling, domestic economic recovery, natural gas consumption is expected to pick up, and we expect the retail gas volume of the public sector to rise to over 10 per cent, and the retail gross spread to be repaired.
\triangleright is expected to open further. As our carbon management thinking continues to land and low-carbon transformation and construction in industrial parks, our integrated energy services market is expected to open up.
At the end of 2022, the company had 54 integrated energy projects under construction, 1376 projects under contract, which had been delivered + 59.7 billion kilowatt-hours of potential capacity for construction + contracted projects, with future growth projections and ratings: the New Olympic shares have an advantage in the entire natural gas industry chain and are effective against gas prices
\triangleright volatilizes, supporting steady and robust growth in profits.
The launch of the outreach and more low-price association, the high growth and high profitability of the direct-marketing industry, the diversified and stable upstream pool of resources in the retail industry of companies, the high level of the three oil-low pipelines and the continuous improvement in downstream smoothing capacity, the benefits of a return to international gas prices and a domestic recovery, is expected to continue.
The company's retail gas growth is expected to recover and the retail gas gross spread is expected to recover; the company's integrated energy business is growing brightly, and the space in the country's integrated energy market is expected to continue to grow as the country's carbon management thinking continues to land, industrial parks, factories, construction of low-carbon renovations and construction continues.
Risk factors: severe downs in the domestic economy and less than expected increases in natural gas consumption; lower than expected progress in the construction of the receiving station \triangleright target; lower than expected domestic gas prices; combined energy sales
Dr. Zhog Ming, University of Mines (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer and member of the expert bank of the China Sindha Energy Advisory Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chair), research consultant in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years, and chaired the “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning,
In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Agency, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it has been responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzhi, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Nanjing University of Finance.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for research on large energy plates such as coal, electricity, and natural gas.
Investment in mining projects, management of operations, etc., joined the Sinda Securities Research Centre in June 2022, research in the coal industry, Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin, University of Texas, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketization reform, virtual power plant application research, joined the Sinda Securities Research Development in June 2022
In July 2022, she joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the coal and electricity sectors.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal, coal and coal industries. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, University of South-West Finance and Economy, Bachelor of Finance, July 2022.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.