3rd quarter 2021 performance rating: higher performance compared to higher performance  three product lines drive higher performance compared to higher performance, chip shortages influence + higher raw materials result in lower performance. 1) Smart cabins, smart drivers, smart net connections of the company ' s three product lines are moving steadily
In particular, the smart seating and the smart driving field. In this case, the big screening product of the smart cabin is gradually overflowing, the main mainframe plant is built up in the first half of the year to produce quantities on multiple models, and the LCD instrument is used to expand the client structure. In the smart driving field, the apa landscape continues to feed, and autopilot domain controllers continue to collect.
The ipu03 client pelican sales are on the rise, and in September 2021 they were sold for the first time and delivered 26,000 in three quarters, i.e. + 199 per cent; and 2) the company's first core client population was affected by a chip shortage caused by the East and South Asia epidemic, with a yield of 3198,000 in q3 in 2021.
▪ Adequate stock stock, no fear of supply fluctuations, smart cabin operations + continued growth of smart business + performance ceilings. 1) In response to fluctuations in supply markets, company stock was raised to $1.84 billion, ring ratio + 66.99 per cent, followed by increased demand for accommodation; 2) chip shortages ease core clients
In October, the outbreak in South-East Asia was alleviated, and the disease caused a chip shortage.
Upgraded. Benefited from high-screen upgrades in value; 4) intelligent driving products continue to overlap, and the new generation autopilot domain controller ipu04 is first delineated and has multiple head clients targeted, 2022.
The upcoming load-up will give further impetus to the development of intelligent driving operations. (5) Client structural upgrading will help ipu04 get offline for the first time, with a high area controller pushing up and up. Corporate smart driving + smart cabin operations are getting new project orders.
The client structure continues to be optimized and the penetration rate among clients increases.
The corresponding figure is 77.37/56.99/406.46, considering the start of a new generation of autopilot domain control units (ipu04) in 22 years, the intelligent web network high landscape + card scarcity + high growth in future performance, the Desai is expected to enjoy a higher valuation premium and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The demand for downstream passenger vehicles recovered less than expected.