Performance forecast for the third quarter of 2021: higher performance compared to higher performance: bulletin points: Texas issued a 2021 q3 performance forecast, q3 expected to achieve net profits  three product lines driven by higher performance on a year-on-year basis, and core client output was affected by a chip shortage, resulting in a lack of core client output.
Performance loops are down. 1) The company's three product lines, smart pilots, smart web links are moving steadily, especially in the smart pods and smart drivers. The smart cabins are now heavily screend, covering the mainframe plants, producing quantities on multiple models in the first half of the year, and the LCDs are structured as customers.
In the field of smart driving, the apa landscape continues to contribute to the collection, the autopilot area control device ipu03 has increased its sales volume of small pelicans, which fell to 10,000 for the first time in September 2021, and the cumulative delivery of 26,000 units in three quarters, which is +199 per cent.) The company's top core client, the public, has been hit.
The impact of the South-East Asian epidemic is due to a chip shortage, which in 2021 resulted in a production of 3190,000 units in q3, a gradual reduction in the shortage of chips in the ring industry, the continued development of smart cabin operations + intelligent operations opening up the performance ceiling. 1) The chip shortage eases the return of core customers.
South Asia's epidemic has subsided, and the disease has led to a gradual improvement in chip shortages, driving core sales to continue to pick up; 2) smart cabins benefit from product upgrades.
The first time ipu04 was offline, the field controller was offline for the first time, multiple head clients were targeted, and in 2022 we were about to load the car, and we're going to push it further.
Intelligent driving business development. 4) Upgraded body structure helps to boost revenue growth. Corporate intelligence driving + smart cabin operations get new project orders, client structure is optimized, and penetration among guest households is increasing.
Mid-year review: smart driving acceleration profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the impact of the epidemic on company follow-up performance, we're going to start production on a continuous basis, smart web network high profile + card spot scarcity + high future performance growth, Desai
The demand for downstream passenger cars has recovered less than expected. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Stock Company Ltd. already has an investment advisory committee on securities.