Equity incentives awarded, performance growth certainty added.
Incentives include 855 persons, who account for 20% of the company ' s total workforce at the end of 2020, and cover top managers, as well as technical and professional cadres of excellence, and do not include directors, supervisors and senior managers of the company, or more than 5% of the shareholders and their relatives who own the company individually or collectively, in high-quality management.
By the first half of 2021, the company’s five major employee holding platforms together held 14.8% of the company’s shares, and this time, the incentive to re-encouraging the employees with 0.96% of the total share capital is expected to further motivate the workforce and attract the best talent to join the company in order to enhance the firm’s internal competitiveness. At the same time, the firm’s performance growth is certain.
It's also further documented that the company continues to look at its growth. The company's 2021-2023 net profit split is expected to continue upgrading, the company's product volume is rising, the smart cabin area, the big screens, the multiscreens, the spatialization trends, and the company's products continue to evolve from the big screens and numbers of the cabins.
The product is constantly being used to raise the value of the bicycle, while the client structure is being upgraded, and in recent years it has broken through new power clients such as the joint venture/foreign car factory, the Toyota (Indian West Asia), the Maruti Suzuki (India) and the ideal.
..consumption control is about to take off, smart-driving tap supplier rises up, auto-driving, auto-driving control for parking and low-speed scenes, and mooring-as-one solutions have been secured for multiple mainframes like Gilly, Chirre, Hiro. High-level auto-driving, company forward-looking.
The Bureau has developed ipu03 domain controllers in partnership with Yveta and Peng, which have accumulated experience in software and hardware development based on British microchips. Autopilot chip players are immature.
The company’s domain controller, ipu04, based on the chip, has obtained the desired location of multiple projects, such as cars, and will continue to obtain new orders. 2022 is the year of auto-drive production, and the company’s leading car supplier will be further consolidated as high-value products land.
"Small and Medium Disk Information Update - Keeping Performance Up High." "Small and Medium-Small Information Update - High and Sustained Growth in Performance in the Context of “Deficit” and Raw Materials Price Increases."
The depth of the small and medium-sized growth unit - the head of the smart cabin, the domain controller driving again