High performance and significant increase in contractual liabilities
The company issued its three-quarter report for 2021, which achieved income of $630.3 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 46.65 per cent in the same year; net profit return of $491 million, an increase of 54.36 per cent in the same year; net profit deduction of $480 million, an increase of $122 million in the same year; net profit of mothers, an increase of 37.13 per cent in the same year.
The company will benefit fully from the wave of car intelligence by covering two high-growth areas: car smart cabins, autopilots, and high-quality endogenous competitiveness and precision strategic cards. Maintenance of the firm ' s expected profitability in the context of parent-to-swap pressure of 2021-2023 will significantly increase contractual liabilities.
By the third quarter of 2021, companies had achieved $132 million in contractual liabilities, a significant increase of $118 million compared to the end of the second quarter, and predicted a rapid recovery in demand. In the third quarter of 2021, companies achieved Māori ratios.
With a shortage of upstream chips, an increase in the price of raw materials, and a pressure on the output of a whole downstream car factory, the company has maintained a solid profitability. Looking forward to 2021 q4, the company’s smart cabin product continues to grow significantly, and the auxiliary driving product, which integrates high- and low-speed scenarios, is about to begin to contribute revenue.
..the industry is at a turning point, and the domain controller leads the company to a new leap in performance, and the next generation of autopilot chips orinx is about to be produced in 2022, with a series of autopilot chips that are super-calculating and perfected.
The DMV has been set up for several projects, such as the ideal car, and it is expected that new updates will continue to be obtained. The current lack of core margins in the automobile industry has eased, the downstream garage has increased its supply and stocking, and the company’s performance is expected to rise again without the DMV.
"Small and Medium Disk Information Update - "Short and Raw Materials" - Sustained High Performance in the Context of Price Increases" - "Small and Small and Medium Growth Unit Depth - Smart Constellation"
Domain Control Drive Re-Engineer 2021.10.7 Performance, Smart New Products with More Flowers -