On January 13, 2022, the company announced its intention to invest in a joint venture and through a joint venture.
The company plans to invest in a joint venture division and to participate in a joint venture division and an interconnection: 1) after the penetration of the un-campion.
1. The value of the tax-exempt operation is still in place, and the reconstitution of the business capability - Shanghai airport depth The core assets are Shanghai, Shanghai, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
In April of that year, a professional electrician service was provided for the online operation of duty-free shops, such as daily duty-free shops, with net profits of 250 million yuan in 2021 and 140 million yuan in 2022h1 for mothers.
Core assets under the flag are mainly engaged in the sale of offline duty-free goods at Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport, Shanghai Pudong Airport, Beijing Capital Airport, Beijing Dae-hing Airport, Shanghai and Beijing duty-free operations and the sale of on-line bonded imported goods, involving the airport.
Once the transaction is completed, the company will stagger the benefits of the tax-free business, consolidate the existing border duty-free operations and increase its resilience to risk, and will further deepen the cooperative relationship with the free trade and share the dividends of the tax-free sector’s growth.
In recent days, with the easing of the epidemic and the start of spring operations, the flow of civil aviation has risen rapidly, with the first week of spring transport being about 65% during the same period as the first spring of 2019, an increase of 34% from the year 2022.
Optimal management of the movement of people from the centre and the outside is expected to result in a sustained increase in international guestships, a return to tax-free operations at ports, a sustained recovery in company performance and a corresponding increase in the profits of the companies that are to acquire the subject matter after the return of international passenger flows, which are expected to benefit the company.
Given the impact of the transaction, the net profit return for 2022-2024 will be adjusted upwards.
The impact of the epidemic is higher than expected, tax-free business operations risk, expansion affects higher than expected risk, fee-price control, aviation oil policy risk, and acquisition uncertainty risk.
Within one week, within two months, within three months, and within six months.