The Shanghai Airport incident: the company decided to establish a joint venture with Shanghai Airport Investment Ltd. (80% of the company), and the company decided to invest in a joint venture with Shanghai Airport Investment Limited.
The company is one of China's three largest international hubs for air traffic.
32% of the shares. The total investment in this transaction is 1,698 million and the company's contribution is 1,358 million. There are assets such as terminal buildings and runways at Pudong Airport, operating at Pudong International Airport, operating management and ground security at Pudong International Airport.
The purchase of assets is reasonably priced and growing, and the value of the money is higher: of the assets acquired, un-chaampion business. The company, drawing on the best experience of civil aviation in Japan and abroad, is able to penetrate 32% of the stock rights in Shanghai, Japan, China, China, China, China, and China.
15.68 per cent of the benefits of the security management system have been established in the context of its own security features, at a cost of 1.35 billion yuan: the Japanese Internet provides online trade parity for the Japanese tax-exempt shop, including security policies, risk management, security guarantees, etc.
Security promotion, etc.. The company has well-developed, full-time innovation mechanisms, regulates transparent internal management, tries to provide an excellent airport reality service experience for travelers from China and China, and actively promotes it.
For 22 years, assuming a profit of around 450 million, the purchase price is about 10 times greater than in 2022. “Ten new services initiatives to upgrade Pudong Airport’s overall uniform, uni-campion profits are largely based on contributions from Shanghai and China, and international passenger flows during the epidemic.
The decline will inevitably affect the profitability of the assets in question, and with the resumption of the subsequent passenger flow, the net profits of un-campion-based wire companies of $2021 million and 2022h1, respectively, are expected to be $254 million and $143 million, respectively, at a purchase price of approximately 11 times the price of the pe for 21 years.
The purchase of the share b/h (million shares) has strengthened the binding of benefits with the benefit of the exemption and has made up for the impact of the shortfall in the rate of deductions: entry into, exit from, entry from, entry from, entry into, entry into, entry into, and exit from, the country.
With the issuance of the temporary tax-free shop management scheme, it can be expected that when the 26-year tax-free agreement is re-signed, there will be no more than a 40-per-cent rate. In the case of exemptions from the tax-exempt supplementary agreement at Shanghai airport, the distribution of benefits in the tax-exempt chain has shifted from a clear pre-epidemiological bias to the airport end of the current situation.
On the basis of the win-win situation of the airport in cooperation with tax-exemptors, the company ' s further strengthening of the binding of benefits through equity participation helps to address the issue of limiting the company ' s withholding points under the supplementary agreement, while enhancing its resilience to risk and enhancing performance certainty;
Once the acquisition is complete, the profit-sharing mechanism between the airport and the tax-free trader will be more rational, allowing both to continue to deepen their business cooperation and make big tax-free cakes. The recovery of international passenger flows may be faster than expected: when the new coronary is implemented, the “B2B” will be released domestically.
The pace is clearly faster than expected, and we believe that the pace of liberalization of international routes is expected to be higher than expected, with optimism, and it is likely that it will return to nearly 19 years old by the end of this year. With the recovery of corporate performance heavily dependent on a recovery in international airline traffic, this year’s corporate performance is expected to show a seasonal upward trend.
S14801905050505. Profit forecast and investment rating: Due to the over-expanding pace of liberalization, we raise the profit forecast. Under the assumption that international passenger throughput is expected to return to around 50% in 19 years at Shanghai Airport.
Shanghai Airport (60009): Acquisition of tax-exempt assets, further deepening of the airport tax-exempts schedule: Company profit forecast
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Shanghai Airport (60009): Acquisition of tax-exempt assets, further deepening of the airport tax-exempt co-ordination Cao Jing Fong Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, six years of investment research experience, 2015-2018
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.