Shanghai Airport (600009.sh): proposed acquisition of high-quality tax-exempt products with the prospect of deep benefits from duty-free industries Incident: 1) Shanghai Airport is proposed to contribute $1,358 million (80 per cent) and Shanghai Airport Investment Corporation (as a percentage)
Billion dollars for the purchase of the companies listed below, at $0.06 billion for operating funds; 2) 12.48 per cent of the daily interconnections held by the joint venture to be transferred to Tianjin Bo-Yu; 3) 32.00 per cent of the unie-campion held by Hong Kong companies to be transferred to phoenix dawn, whose core assets are post-penetrating:
When the deal is completed, the company will be deeply involved in the duty-free, intra-city tax-exempt and tax-free business: after the acquisition, the company will hold 9.98% of the stake in the Internet, and will hold the capital aircraft in Shanghai, Japan, China, and China.
(a) 12.54 per cent (after penetration) of equity or interest in the airport: Day-to-day interconnection: responsible for operating the day-to-day platform, created jointly with Japan, which sells duty-free goods on-line, duty-free goods and goods imported by cross-border power suppliers (tax-free + on-line);
(b) Shanghai, Shanghai: responsible for operating the T1, t2 terminal and the T1 terminal at the Rainbow Bridge airport, tax-free shops (port duty-free); 2,421 and 22h1, respectively, for 12,491 million yuan and 5,454 million yuan, respectively;
3) Shanghai, China: responsible for operating the tax-free shop at the T3 terminal in the capital airport (port duty-free) and the purchase of Beijing by members of the cdf (tax on the line); 2021, 22h1, with revenues of 19.07 million yuan and 773 million yuan respectively, includes the rent relief component in 2020, with net interest rate levels not taken into account;
(4) Exemption from the capital airport: exemption from duty at the Beijing capital airport t2 terminal (port duty exemption), duty-free in Beijing and duty-free in Shanghai (municipal duty-free); 5 exemption from duty-free access to the Beijing airport (port duty exemption).
The value of the acquired assets has increased considerably with business development. The profit method calculates that the total equity value of the former uni-campion shareholders is $4,219 million, based on 49% of the shares, and does not account for 51% of the shares of China and Shanghai, respectively, on the order of $39 million and $1,505 million.
With a market value of about 76 million yuan and 2,951 million yuan, respectively. Since the waiver, China has been operating duty-free the new capital, Sinda Securities Company Ltd., on board the air terminal, and the capital airport owns tax-free stores in Beijing and Shanghai.
In addition to the expansion of the business, the city of Beijing, the 9th House of the City of the West Side, building No. 1 of the House of the City of the City of Beijing.
From the operational point of view, the company has deepened its tax-free operation and consolidated its cooperative relationship with China. Prior to this transaction, the company was involved in tax-free operations, mainly by collecting rents from two major airports in Shanghai, and after the acquisition, the company’s duty-free operations were expanded to two major airports in Beijing and incorporated into the Bureau.
At the end of the performance, the company is expected to enjoy a good return on investment and to share tax-free dividends more fully. When there is a downside risk at the former post-barrel shop, the company is expected to take more advantage of the acquisition.
In part, you will enjoy a tax-free bonus. In 2021, the interconnection, uni-campion, achieved a net return profit of 254 million yuan, 1,171 million yuan, calculated as a ratio of 9.98 per cent and 25.60 per cent of the equity, the corresponding equity boomed and, as the flow of incoming and outgoing visitors warmed up, the city’s tax-exempt policy may be liberalized.
It is proposed that the company, as the airport point of entry and exit with the highest internal flow of passengers, is expected to benefit fully from the gradual warming of incoming and outgoing passengers and the resumption of duty-free operations at the port, and to recover and increase revenue and performance.
The successful conclusion of the transaction will also contribute to a certain incremental performance that will increase the risk factors for the company: the return of passenger flows to expectations, systemic risks, macroeconomic risks, and contract negotiation risks.
In November 2022, they joined the Sinda new consumer group. They covered cosmetics, medical beauty, social clothing, Li Bong Jing, Master of Science at the Champagne branch of the University of Illinois, Bachelor of Science in Economics at the South-West University of Finance and Economics, and the Sinda new consumer group in November 2022.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.