The acquisition of tax-free equity and the enhancement of the value of the flow
12.48% and uni-campion 32.00%: Shanghai Airport issued an announcement on 14 January 2023, deciding to establish a joint venture with Shanghai Airport Investment Ltd. and a Hong Kong joint venture in Hong Kong, China. The joint venture acquired 12.48% of the shares.
Hong Kong companies acquired shares issued by un-campion 32.00 per cent of offshore companies, and their core assets penetrated in Shanghai, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Tax duty-free operations and lines under the layout line, creating a special brand for "airports plus tax-free" .             .
The company will consolidate its available resources and acquire assets, and will do away with the tax exemption through the distribution line.
The sale of goods and the sale of on-line bonded imported goods creates a unique Shanghai airport brand and further integrates “airport + duty-free.”                                                                               .
On the basis of the calculations, the capital and China gained a net profit in 2022 (h1 gain - $0.09 billion). As the number of international flights rises, the number of duty-free shops at the port will continue to grow.
Shanghai Airport (60009): Reconciling the Rainbow Bridge, the return on investment from this acquisition of assets at Shanghai Airport is expected to grow every year.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Shanghai Airport now shares the benefits of tax-free sector growth through the acquisition of tax-free equity, the binding of tax-free businesses, and the realization of the value of airport flows.
Reorganization and acquisition of assets yielding increased investment returns, including revenue forecast for Shanghai Airport 2022-2024.
Upgraded from year to year, it has long benefited from the prosperity of the tax-free sector and long-term triangular integration.
In Hong Kong, China, a joint venture is established. The joint venture acquires 12.48% of the stake on the Internet, while the Hong Kong company acquires 32.00% of the issued shares of the offshore company uni-campion, whose core assets have since passed through Shanghai, Shanghai, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, 15.68% of the stake or interest.
The total value of the sub-trading was $1,698 million, including the exchange price of $1.692 billion for company transactions and tax-free operations and lines of joint ventures, Xanax, and “airports + duty-free” branding. The main Japanese interconnectivity operations have a tax-free marketing platform on the day-to-day line, integrating members of Japan (Shanghai) and cdf into the South China entrance;
Shanghai operates tax-free shops and lines at two airports in Shanghai, China operates a capital airport t3 tax-free shop and members of the cdf purchase a Beijing business, the capital operates a capital airport t2 tax-free shop and a Beijing-Shanghai duty-free shop, and China runs a large airport tax-free shop. By buying a basket of tax-free related assets, Shanghai airport has achieved “Beijing + Beijing +”
The multi-dimensional penetration of the two main channels, Shanghai, “on-line plus” and “airport plus” and “in-city” duty-free shops has led to certainty that business stations have benefited from the development of tax-free industries in the interior.
Shanghai, Shanghai, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
The net profit is calculated on the basis of ununi-campion data. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Shanghai airport shares in tax-free assets and shares in tax-free companies.
The tax sector’s growth dividend and the realization of the value of airport flows have increased. Adjustments based on residents’ mobility policies and the acquisition of assets have led to an increase in the number of long-term benefits from the prosperity of the tax-free sector and the development of long-term triangular integration.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board