The company's depth report  the computer industry subscribes to Qing Yun, the starter is on the rise, the one with the Kimsan office (68811.sh)
With aigc:aigc's future, the company's rates are expected to double the unit price.
The Kimsan office announced the launch of wpsai, which will be used for a new generation of online content collaboration light files, with capacity packages covering content generation from 0 to 1, multiple rounds of dialogue to modify content, and processing (editing/rew/expanding) of existing files, and will be embedded in the full-line product.
We believe that aigc's empowerment of office products will enhance Li Xing's user's willingness to use and pay for their use.
The acquisition of the subscription fee will further increase the company’s rate of payment. The company’s rate of payment is still low, and there is still more room for paying the fee than Microsoft. Moreover, as the one function is online, the unit price of the product will be raised in the future and the value of the product will be raised. Moreover, compared to the competitor Microsoft,
The price advantage of Gold Mountain is expected to be increased even further. Long-term measurements show that when the rate is 24%, the i-permeance c end: the monthly rate is rising steadily and the C-end subscription income is growing robustly.
Low prices (about 20% for basic office products, 20-40% of Microsoft) and multi-storey subscription fees give the product a competitive value for money. Based on the high value of the product, the company’s c-person subscription indicators (number of live monthly users, rate of payment, arpu value) have steadily increased. In addition, the Internet in the country has grown steadily.
User acceptance of subscription fees is increasing, and wps prices are in line with domestic customers’ consumer preferences. There is still much room for raising corporate rates for the same type of software in the country and for Microsoft office 365.
At the bottom of the market in Quiang County, industry-based confidence-sharing will lead to an increase in penetration rates. The company, as an office software substituting for the country, will continue to increase user penetration rates at the end of b. The company’s products are well aligned with those of the mainstream system, while the corporate product system as a whole is extremely overstretched.
b-subscription: Clouds and Collaborative Offices will be a future. Cloud Office Collaboration is a trend, with Irene Consulting predicting a market size of $80.6 billion in 2023, with annual growth expected to exceed 20%. Currently, domestic market patterns are uncertain and promising.
Whether the platform is fully functional and has excellent ability to collaborate with cloud files is the key to the market’s success.
Galactic Computer, Monthly Journal of Artificial Intelligent Industries: The Big Models of the Country, The Big Ones of the Overseas, The Big Ones, The Galactic Computers, The Company's Appearances, The Golden Mountain Office, The New Membership System and The New Member System.
Do not maintain a “recommended” rating of 88.99x/71.59x/53.25x times. wpsai issues the risk that the rate of payment and the expected double increase in the value of arpu will be less than expected; the risk that the letter creation will be less advanced than expected.
(i) The launch of the national production office software, which captures the new winds; (i) the company's autonomous development, which has led to a smooth start with the layout pc, mobile end, cloud end collaboration and a national production office software mobile curved supercar, and ai collaboration leading to the future. The development of the company can be divided into four main phases: (1) the beginning of the first phase.
Created in 1988, the company introduced wps1.0 to address the lack of Chinese-compatibility of the dos system. Because of its scarcity in the field of office software, the company quickly took over the market, making up 90% of the domestic market for office software for months. (2) To the dark: 1994: free of charge for wpsoffice personal editions, accelerating the spread of company products to users at the end of the country. Three free editions, one for three months.
Human downloads exceeded 38 million, with a market share of more than 20 per cent in the second year. (3) Turn-over overcarriage: In about 2010, smartphones began to be popular and mobile Internet age began. In 2011, the office in Kimsan took the lead in publishing the wps mobile version and quickly took over the mobile end market.
(4) In the future: around 2020, with the spread of the epidemic, telecommuting and mobile office penetration, the country's co-located soft market space has entered a period of rapid development. In 2020, the office established a co-ordinated office strategy at its “wpschao” conference. In 2021, the company's collaborative office platform was launched. On 18 April 2023, the office announced the launch of wpsai, which will be applied to the new one.
On-line content collaborates with light files with the ability to generate content from 0 to 1, multiple rounds of dialogue to modify content, and to process (edit/rew/enhance) existing documents and embed them over time into full-line products. On November 16, wps will open public surveys for the general public. (ii) Corporate product matrices are well developed and their functionality is comprehensive.
The company builds a matrix of office capacity products such as wpsoffice office software, gold mountain files, and a digital office platform solution, which is well structured to achieve full coverage in key areas. The company has the advantage of technology accumulation and professional research in the field of office software for more than 30 years, and the main software products and services under the flag are developed autonomously by the company. The wpsoffice office software is a core product of the office.
Office mobile version (android version, ios version), which achieves multiple ends of coverage. Kimsan document is an online small program that supports real-time collaboration among many people. It supports online document management, viewing, editing, collaboration, etc. processing capabilities for online documents and office files. It aims at a lightly quantified co-creation and sharing of scenes.
(iii) The continuing increase in the share of subscriptions in corporate income, which, according to the company ' s annual report, is mainly due to subscriptions to office services, the use of office software products
In 2022, 71% of subscriptions (52.8% of individual subscriptions and 17.8% of institutional subscriptions), 21.5% of authorized operations, 7.9% of Internet advertising and 7.9% of income from subscriptions continued to rise from figure 4: Trends in office income structure in Phnom Penh
(iv) Strong performance growth, with the Māori rate remaining at a high level. During the first three quarters of 2023, companies achieved operating income of $3.27 billion, an increase of 16.99 per cent over the previous three quarters, mainly as a result of strong growth in domestic individual subscriptions and domestic institutional subscriptions and services; net return returns of $893 million, an increase of 9.86 per cent over the previous three quarters;
The net profit from maternity is 860 million yuan, an increase of 29.85 per cent over the same period. The company ' s Māori ratio has remained above 85 per cent, and Roe ' s performance has continued to be positive.
Figure 7: Levels of Māori in office in Phnom Penh stabilized at high levels Figure 8: Level of root in office in Phnom Penh is higher than in comparable companies in the country. (v) High levels of R & D investment are maintained over time, with a more stable cost structure for the period
The cost rate for office hours has remained stable and higher R&D inputs have been maintained. The sales, management and R&D rates for offices in the mountains in 2020-2022 averaged 21.20%, 9.82% and 32.90%, respectively, and the cost structure has remained largely stable. In the three quarters of 2023, the cost of office R&D in the mountains was 1,076 million yuan, an increase of 10.68% over the same period, while R&D costs accounted for about 32.90% of operating income.
Continued high proportion of investment in R & D, with company ownership of key products and services under the Golden Hill office, with ownership of core technologies; sale costs of $714 million, or 28.30 per cent more than the previous year; and management costs of $339 million, or 9.72 per cent more than the same.
(i) Wpsai release, enhanced capabilities, king of the internal office software track pattern. On 18 April 2023, the office announced the launch of wpsai, which will be applied to a new generation of online content collaboration light files with the ability to generate content from 0 to 1, multiple rounds of dialogue to modify content, and to process (editing/rew/expanding) existing files, and will be embedded over time
On November 16, wps opened a public survey. We believe that aigc's ability to provide office products will enhance users' willingness to use them and pay them. In addition, it is mainly in the clouds that the functionality of the ai is reasoned, often obtained through subscriptions, which will lead to a further increase in the company's rate of payment.
As the ii function gets online, the unit price of the future product will be raised, and the arpu value will be raised. Moreover, the price advantage of the gold mountain is expected to be even greater than that of the competitor Microsoft.
Figure 12: Wpsai ' s main function (ii) ' ai ' s contribution to income space: Given the company ' s absence of a pricing strategy, our projections for the company are based on the following assumptions: (1) Assuming the company ' s wpsai function level
The external pricing of $5/person/month (api price reference given in conjunction with the price of apenai and the Pepsi); annual fee of $60/person/year; (2) the company disclosed only the number of individual payers and did not disclose the number of business payers, so we used the rate of payment as an assumption. Assuming that the rate of payment was raised to about 24% (current Microsoft rate); (3) the number of active users was 259 million.
(pc users overlap with mobile users, taking the latest number of active users at 2023q3pc end) and (4)ai penetration at 15 per cent.
The external pricing rate is 5 yuan/person/month (api price reference is given in combination with the price of the puneai and the Pediatrics); the annual fee is $60/person/year; (2) the company has disclosed only the number of individual payers and does not disclose the number of company payers, so we have used the rate of payment as an assumption. Assuming that the rate of payment is raised to about 12%, and (3) the number of active users is 259 million (pc users overlapped with mobile users).
This is the latest number of active users at 2023q3pc end; (4)ai penetration is 10%. Then, when the rate is 12%,i,i,iii,c end: the rate of monthly living and payment continues to rise, guaranteed c-end subscription income is robust (i) basic functionality is adequate, value-added services are responsive to domestic user needs and value for money is high
In April 2023, the company’s individual membership system was upgraded from “wps members, rice-shell members, super-members” to “new wps super-members,” and “new wps super-members,” pro. The Office’s personal office service subscriptions continued to be detailed around the transition from tools to services, actively improving the user’s experience not only through internal functionality development optimization, but also through external collaboration to develop new products from multiple angles.
Increases user activity, guides users to in-depth use of fee-paying functions, enhances the cloud office experience, speeds up the annual fee membership, promotes payment, and splits basic office functions equally with major competitors. In terms of the underlying properties of the product, there are no significant differences between text, table and presentation processing provided by Kimshan and Microsoft, client type support, standards supported and cloud service supply.
In addition, on the path to national production of document formats, participation in standard-setting, such as uof. Microsoft’s advantages are mainly in deep-farming markets for many years, with better user habits and more sticky users.
Text, tables, and presentations provide a combination of ocr recognition, long-chart output, screen recording, text-to-speech, document consolidation/splitting, thought charts, flowcharts, photo-ppt, pdf editing, photo-editing, and batch processing that are commonly used by domestic users. In the past, individual domestic users used Microsoft Office while using other software to achieve their functions. For example, there is a need for adobe.
Acrobat opens pdf, and pdf is not edited for conversion, cannot quickly insert pages, etc., or requires additional fees. In addition, Supermember Pro provides benefits such as library suites, personal commercial suites and teaching suites, which enrich user experience. $M/two, $288/three years, with average monthly prices of $12, $9 and $8, respectively; wps SuperMembers pro $248/year, $288/year
For two years, 368 yuan/three years, with a monthly average price of $21, 12 and 10, respectively; the microsoftoffice is divided into personal and family editions, with a price of 398 yuan/year and a price of 498 yuan/year. For basic office functions alone, the price of wps is only about 20-40% of the price of microsofoffice.
(ii) A steady increase in the number of live monthly users and a continuous increase in the rate of paymentsc from the individual subscription operations focus on observing the number of active monthly users, the change in the rate of payment (number of active members/total users) and the value of the single user (arpu = total income/number of users), the number of monthly payments indicating the user base, the rate of payment reflecting the user's willingness to pay, arpu
The value represents the value of the single user fee. The number of active monthly users of the company has continued to increase steadily, with the number of monthly life jumps (mads) of 589 million by the third quarter of 2023, an increase of 1.9 per cent over the same period, with the elimination of overlaps estimated at about 300 million mau; and, by the second quarter of 2023, the number of individual members of the company who have paid a cumulative annual fee amounted to 33.24 million, with a corresponding annual rate of about 10 per cent.
The number of fee-paying members/total active equipment in the office represents a continuous increase, from 0.36 per cent in 2016 to 5.69 per cent in the first half of 2023.
(iii) End-Cable space will benefit from user penetration and rising willingness to pay. There is still room for office market penetration. From the point of view of office penetration, in 2018, approximately 655 million public software users in China are estimated.
The number of mobile end-of-end monthly users is 327 million. In combination with the overlap of pc end-users with mobile end-user devices, office software figures 21: the size of office software users in China has not yet reached the ceiling. Internet users in the country are increasing their acceptance of subscription payments, and wps are priced in accordance with customers’ consumer preferences.
In terms of the rate of payment for the relevant type of knowledge platform, the rate increased from 1.2% in q4 in 2019 to 12.84% in 2023q2, and the number of beeps increased over the last three years, with the rate of payment increasing faster for domestic c-end users. According to the price of 80 subscriptions to pay software in a few parties, the average price of domestic subscriptions was approximately 22.7 yuan/month, of which 25 yuan/month, the price of the beep was raised.
Beeps are 25 yuan/month and Himalayans are 18 yuan/month. The average monthly price of the company ' s wps super-members is 12 yuan/month, below average prices and similar properties, and there is still room for a significant increase in the rate of payment based on the current rate of 10 per cent.
For example, about 24.0 per cent of the office 365 fee rate was derived, far above the Gold Mountain office fee rate.
The creation of the Information Technology Applications and Innovations Working Committee (ITAC) on 4 March 2016 has been on the agenda. In 2020, the party-government replacement began, entering the Industry Innovation Year in 2021. In addition, the formalization of software is the key to intellectual property protection.
The innovation drive is the “2+8” system, with 2 party politics, and 8 key core industries. The penetration rate of the party and financial sectors is at the top.
It was the first stage of scale procurement; the financial sector had a strong self-research capability, which combined its distributional transformation with information technology, and had begun a process of national production substitution in the context of the promotion of information technology; the subsequent telecommunications, transport, energy, etc. were in the second echelon of credit penetration; the education, hospital and hospital sectors had the lowest penetration and were in the third echelon; and outside the “2+8” system, the army and the military industry were in the second echelon.
Figure 28: A global picture of the policy-based IT systems associated with the realization of ISPs and software (ii) The company has increased its operations with the advance of ISPs, and the company ' s products have been matched with the products of IBS, i.e., neptunium, i.e., interstellar, cylindrical, sea light, and cylindrical systems.
Evidence of the stable compatibility of documentation data between Linux platforms and mainstream platforms, and the launch of an era of integration of information-based cloud systems, using the credit-in-cooked cloud project for comprehensive digital government. According to official corporate disclosures, the company ' s products now cover State Council organizations, 34 provincial governments, and local and municipal governments, with coverage of more than 90%.
This expansion has resulted in a marked increase in the demand for government-owned software, and a strong order for corporate-based office software products, which has accelerated the penetration of corporate-based innovation products. The current scale-up of business start-ups is increasing, and stock substitution and incremental demand is expected to add significantly to the operations of the Kinsan offices’ subscription boards, against a backdrop of growing penetration in the financial, telecommunications, energy, and other sectors, as well as to the collapse of the government-initiated districts.
In our view, in the context of the Business Innovation Festival, which is still the leading force for the next three years, this calculation is mainly based on the replacement of the Party and the company.
The total market capacity is 60 million, assuming that 75% of the 80 million people must be equipped with prefabricated wps computers. With regard to the current number of public servants in China, the last official
According to the statistics published by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the People ' s Republic of China on 30 May 2016, the number of civil servants in the country as at the end of 2015 stood at 7,167,000. In the last five years, the total number of public civil servants publicly disclosed was no more than 200,000 per year, together with the factors of retirements and departures (the public service group is required).
In addition, Ning Ji-yuan, former Deputy Director General of the National Development and Rehabilitation Council and Director of the National Statistics Office, stated at the China International Economic Exchange's annual meeting of 2021-2022, held on 11 December 2021, that “China, of the more than 700 million people employed in the system, has less than 100 million workers.
There are about 40 million State-owned enterprises in operation, and some 40 million public servants and enterprises.” Prices: The average purchase price is currently about 145 yuan/year/person. The Consolidated Network of Companies and Government Recruitment Network data, three-year contract period in 2022. The site authorization price is around 290-580 yuan/person, with an average annual price of about 145 yuan/person.
Sensitivity analysis: assuming 70 per cent penetration in the future and $145/year/person in the current price hub. V. b-subscription: cloud and collaborative office enabling future: (i) cloud office collaboration is a trend where the domestic market pattern is uncertain
Yunsaas worked together to meet intra-business collaboration, socialization, meetings, and mail needs, mainly through the cloud-side online ministry. The office collaboration dates back to 2006, when Google began to provide corporate collaboration packages, and then entered the high-speed development phase around 2010.
In 2016, we released a company's micro-letter. In 2017, the byte beats to launch a collaborative office platform, and the office launched a collaborative office platform in Phnom Penh.
The number of online office users in China reached 469 million by the end of 2021, an increase of 35.7%, or 45.1% of the overall Internet population, with an increase of 8.1% in the use of online document collaboration editors compared to the previous increase of 8.1%.
The Office Market Study, which broke the market size by $50 billion in 2021, will reach the market size of $80.6 billion by 2023. Figure 2021 to 34: The country ' s co-location market expanded rapidly from 2017 to 2023.
At the end of 2020, the company officially released a collaboration strategy and issued a gold mountain statement, a gold mountain conference, a gold mountain calendar, a gold mountain to-do and a flexpaper, five new products. At the end of 2021, the office in Kimshan organized a gold mountain digital office conference at which it launched the “Kinyama digital office platform”, which used the gold mountain office capability matrix as a base, made a mid-stage transformation, provided a document centre and a collaboration platform, and provided a public cloud based on client needs.
Private clouds, mixed clouds, and full-time environment delivery. By the end of 2019, the number of daily users (dau) exceeded 10 million in just five years. We believe that one of the reasons for slack’s rapid success is that it is a clever combination of applications. Slack was born in a process management program that a game design team uses for its own use.
There is no software capability for business needs such as office tools, communication socialization, videoconferencing, web-disk storage, but its open interface and eco-integration with other regular office software make the user easier and more fluid to use. Currently, the slack application catalogue has evolved from the first 60 applications to provide more than 2400 applications, including Microsoft outlook, googlegmail, atlasian, its competitors on the track.
The market for basic office applications, day-to-day tools, marketing, productivity, project management to ai robots, etc., is still open in the country, where there are mainly Internet manufacturers and traditional office software providers. Internet vendors are mostly running hand-in-hand with their own fields of expertise, such as the company Wire for Telecommunications, which uses its social software as a user cut-off portal, and the Internet is easy to access.
In contrast to the United States, where software markets are highly standardized, where there is a clear division of labour, and where users accept the Saas model.
The method of integrating the functions or applications of other software companies does not apply to the domestic software market environment. The Kimsan Digital Office platform has the strongest potential for long-term development from the public market.
From the experience of the overseas office collaboration market, Microsoftteams is the key to a success because of its accumulated years of office area products and user advantage. Microsoft is two years later than slack's rollout of the teams product, but has achieved an anti-market advantage for active users. Under the office software gene, strong document capacity is the key to a success.
However, in the case of cloud files, teams can support online co-ed editing, and users can directly collaborate on documents within the platform, while slack relies on external integration applications, supporting only previews of documents, is a clear short board of synergy. In addition, the smooth saas transformation of office 365 provides a powerful user base for teams.
Thanks to the company's strong user base, the use of the gold mountain file user custom has gradually been built, and the user's stickyness has been increasing from year to year. Since the cloud office strategy was introduced in 2018, the user's use of the wps cloud service has gradually increased its stickyness, the company has gradually moved its personal office landscape from cloud storage to online office, and the synchronization of the cloud files has enabled the document to become cross-equipable.
At the time, 17.5 billion went up to 190 billion in the first half of 2023. We believe that the Hong Kong Office’s collaborative platform collection and the dual advantages of Microsoft Teams and slack are both a strong basic documentation capacity for office software and a well-developed functional and online collaboration capacity, with strong market competitiveness at this stage of undefined, fast-growing patterns of the collaborative office market in the country.
VI. Valuation analysis and investment proposals. The company, as a leading manufacturer of office software, benefits from the aigc development and competitive patterns, and looks forward to future payments and billing based on the above profit projections, where we evaluate the company relative to absolute valuations.
We use the fcff valuation method for absolute valuation of companies. The core assumption is that the beta value range is the company ' s listing to date, no risk interest rate value is based on 10 years ' national debt, rm value is based on a rate of return of 300 years, t tax rate value is based on the company ' s tax rate for the last three years, company growth rate g is based on the company ' s growth rate, and kd value is based on an Ipr five-year interest rate.
The risk of increased competition in the market; the risk of less than anticipated technological development of aigc products; the risk of less than expected progress in corporate saasization; the risk of less than expected progress in the creation of trust; and my commitment to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence, this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The report is provided to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients as recipients of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.