The harvest has increased significantly, and the Maori rate has improved.
The net cash flow from operating activities was $1.33 billion, an increase of 422 per cent over the same period.  Servers increased significantly, and the Māori rate improved.  Companies achieved a gross operating income of $46,941 million over 18 years. 84.17 per cent over the same period.
Growth, based on idc data, shows that the tide x 86 servers were among the highest in the world in 2018 and the highest in China, with the highest rate of increase. Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $1.33 billion, compared with the trend in the Unit compared with Deep 300.
The current period saw a 0.53 percentage point increase in server operations compared to last year, and an improvement in the Māori rate. The future of downstream core clients, such as Internet giants, is expected to continue to expand the demand for ai servers, with companies benefiting significantly from a sustained high market share in the market.
The three fees have increased in tandem with income and the overall control fee has stabilized by percentage points, mainly due to increases in human resources costs and direct personnel-related costs and options and in the IMIS information system. The financial costs for the period are $424 million.
Debt financing, as a result of replenishment of liquidity. R & D costs have been growing at a high rate, reaching 1.893 billion for the current period, with a further rise in the corresponding field occupancy rate, a steady rise in associated cost spending, stable corporate control fees, high market penetration with net profits expected and the long-term demand for services from Internet giants, and the selection of wind-related comparable companies for 19-20 years.
41.5/30.3 times the value of the company as the lead business, with the first coverage given to “pull server demand below expectations and increased competition in the server industry” Summary of data projections for the company's financial statements
Kwok Xinyu, author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.