The wave review report (000977), a slightly higher-than-expected performance growth in 18 years, with 19 years of operators and overseas markets strongly recommended (maintained)
Liu Jinten (Research Assistant) issued a performance forecast for 2018 on 31 January, expected to realize net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies q4 season performance forecast increases at a median rate above q3, with an improved Māori rate expected in 19
The company’s performance grew largely as a result of a rapid 18-year growth in demand in the Chinese and global server markets, before we expected the company’s net profit on shareholders in listed companies to be $649 million in 2018, down from an estimated q3 quarter. From profitability analysis, the company’s Māori ratio is expected to improve in 19 years.
The Māori rate is higher than that of traditional servers, with the company’s share in the domestic market of the company’s ‘ai’ server in 2018 already exceeding 60%, and the overall Māori rate is expected to continue to improve as the share of the company’s ‘i’ server rises. With the company’s winning bid moving by 4.34 billion, the overseas market is expected to become a new performance growth point.
With regard to the operator market, in the last two years, the base station of the communications operator has shifted to a small server and storage data centre in the context of the decentralisation of the engine room and equipment, and the server operator market has shown an explosive growth trend. On 23 October 2018, the company won China ' s bid to move the 2018 pc server (second batch).
On the overseas market, companies continue to exploit overseas markets and are expected to replicate the domestic model of large-scale customized production delivery, in close cooperation with large Internet enterprises, demand and demand.
The product delivery cycle under the jdm model was reduced from 15 days to 5-7 days, with 30 per cent productivity gains. Overseas market revenues in 2017 represented only 11.8 per cent of the company ' s overall operating income, and with the application of the jdm model and the breakthrough of large offshore customers, there was no breakthrough.
The overseas market is expected to be a new performance growth point in the coming years.
Multiply. Maintain a “highly recommended” rating, considering downstream cloud computing of the highs and the eruptions in the overseas market. Wave Information (000977), report on wave information, report on wave information (000977).
More extensive research experience has been gained in the areas of guangzhenghangseng business, cloud computing, and medical informationization, and four years of experience in tmt consulting, mainly in the areas of computers and the Internet.
Report on the wave (000977), address: Guangzhou International Finance Center, 5 Guangzhou Road, Tianhai River District, Guangzhou City, 4th Floor