Shanghai Airport (60009.sh)
Internal growth is stable, tax-free bidding brings about additional performance Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average, higher than expected performance growth, high profitability: Shanghai airport has a significant geographical advantage, long-term
In recent times, capital traffic at Shanghai airport slowed slightly as production data fell short of targets, and demand for international passenger travel weakened. However, in the context of global trade growth, the volume of cargo and mail throughput rose steadily; and the renovation of the t1 terminal was completed, and commercial rental revenues began to rise.
At the same time, the company’s profitability remains high, owing to the high rate of international passenger arrivals at Shanghai Airport, its consumption capacity, its recent increase in travel by domestic tourists, and its future prospects, accompanied by the lifting of the target rate and the completion of the three-phase expansion project.
After that, Shanghai Airport is expected to see a new roll-out that will drive further growth in its performance. Put it on, De Gaulle's performance is back on the rise; aviation oil can be changed through a business focus. 2. Non-air operations support the main camp, investing in the revenue-for-business industry.
Change, better protection against volatility in international oil prices and the right response to fluctuations in international oil prices are expected to continue to increase investment returns steadily in the future.
Charge increases plus tax-free bidding, leading to an increase in performance: with effect from 1 April 2017, our civil airport charges will be subject to the Civil Airport Tariff Adjustment Programme, and Shanghai airport will dissipate due to the internal route 4. The fog will dissipate and take off from the top - Shanghai
Lower, and the non-seafaring charges have long been marketed, with a small increase of 5.6 per cent in the price increase, while the Shanghai airport commercial lease is growing rapidly and is closest to the international mature hub airport business-city model, 5. Low valuation, strong profitability, balance-building -
With a 45% rate, Shanghai airport will have a elasticity of nearly 30%. The company, as a leader of the airport, is rich in output, and has a steady growth of its own, although capital spending on the construction of satellite halls is strained.
Strength rises, but profitability remains high: the consortium operates well and returns on investment provide a stable return. Pe values are lower than international mature airports, dcf values $43.91, and still has at least 15%.
Lower economic growth in the Huangfan Ocean has led to slower than expected demand for international routes; continuous adverse weather conditions affecting aircraft are increasing and falling; surface traffic is diverted from Shanghai air passenger operations, duty-free shops are tendered at slower than expected.
Fearless traffic has declined, the growth of revenue has been higher than expected, the growth of passenger traffic has slowed down slightly due to a combination of constraints, and Shanghai Pundong International Airport is located in the most advanced and competitive long triangle of our economy.
At the same time, Shanghai Airport, as an international gateway airport, has a clear geographical advantage. The region’s increased passenger flow will first flow into Shanghai airport, and companies will fully enjoy the growth in demand for travel and long-term domestic growth resulting from economic growth.
Pudong Airport, with a regional monopoly and long-term growth, has recently slowed down slightly owing to multiple constraints. In 2016, Shanghai Airport completed 48,000 aircraft landings and landings, compared to 6.8 per cent, with 66 million passenger throughputs, up from 9.8 per cent.
In January-April 2017, aircraft landings and passenger throughput were accumulated, with a high base effect in addition to the 2015 flight surge, which resulted in a significant slowdown in the flow of passengers. Starting in May 2016, due to a failure to meet the requirements of the Civil Aviation Authority, the rate of calibrations has been reduced.
At present, only April 2017 has allowed applications. According to the latest Civil Aviation Authority, Pudong Airport failed for two months in a row in February and March, from 25 April to 31 July.
In the long run, however, Pudong Airport, the only airport in the country with four runways, has not yet had sufficient capacity, and there is still much room for growth in passenger traffic to support air traffic.
The next 76 flights/hours, 90 flights/hours from the maximum design hour, with still greater scope for uplifting, averaged only 328 per runway per day in 2016, were lower and more space was available than at other listed airports.
As far as passenger toll is concerned, as the T1 terminal at Pudong Airport is remodeled and operational, the efficiency of the flight transit will increase significantly, with the passenger capacity expected to rise by 16.8 million times. Meanwhile, the third phase of the expansion of Pudong Airport is under way, pending the completion of the 2019 s1 s2 satellite hall, which will become operational in 2019.
The airport is expected to meet the annual passenger traffic demand of 80 million times.  Second, the demand for international routes declined in the second half of 2016, while the Shanghai airport has a relatively high international route of more than 40%, resulting in a slight drop in Shanghai airport traffic.
Lines, the structure of Shanghai airport passenger flow growth has changed, and there has been a trend towards an increase in passenger flow back home. After a year in which passengers on the airport’s internal route have increased their intake, they have begun to outpace international traffic. Cumulatively, between January and April 2017, domestic and international routes increased by 11.0% and 4.4%, respectively.
This is also in line with the structure of our aviation demand. Overall, after April 2017, domestic market commercial demand rose, and the fifth runway will be operational, contributing to the new capacity; adding to the recovery of the European economy, European markets will be well established, and there will be an increase in passenger traffic at Shanghai airport.
In 2016, Shanghai airport completed 34.40 million tons of mail, an increase of 5.0 per cent.
Since the beginning of the quarter, there has been a marked acceleration in the volume of mail-to-mail traffic. If the impact of spring 2017 is eliminated, cumulative observation will be made from January to February 2017, with the volume of mail-to-mail traffic increasing at the same rate since October 2016, in average sub-areas, international line-to-mail traffic is the main driver of the acceleration of the round.
Air freight, although smaller than sea transport, has the advantage of significantly shortening transport time, also benefiting from the global economy. Cumulatively, in January-April 2017, the Shanghai airport international line completed 906,000 tons of mail-to-mail traffic.
Figure 9: Increases in international mail throughput, faster harvests and high rates of Maori
In 2016 and 2017, the rate of growth in passenger traffic at Shanghai airport was still stable, even at an accelerated rate in the first quarter of 2017. In the first quarter of 2017, Shanghai airport achieved a business income of $1,895 million, an increase of 15.8 per cent compared to the same period in 2016, and an increase of 8.2 pts.
In our view, the accelerated growth in operating income is mainly due to a marked increase in mail traffic during the first quarter of 2017, which partially offset the increase in aircraft landings and passenger traffic.
In terms of revenue from commercial rental, the t1 terminal was completed and put into operation in the first half of 2016, the commercial adaptation design was planned and implemented in a step-by-step manner, the commercial area was expanded and commercial rental income began to rebound; in addition, a high number of passengers were visiting during the first quarter of 2016.
The increase in business income was accompanied by a faster growth in Maori. Shanghai Airport reached $860 million in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 22.1% over the same period in 2016.
20.3 pts. The company ' s Māori rate is also high, showing a high profitability, with the Shanghai airport rate of 45.4 per cent in the first quarter of 2017 and 0.2 pts higher than in the same period in 2016.
Figure 11: Māori acceleration of Shanghai Airport rebounds, but capital expenditures are under pressure in the near future due to the expansion work under way at Pudong Airport.s1, s2
At the end of 2016, when the cumulative investment was completed, the flow would take time to develop and the additional depreciation costs would be performed in the short term.
Shanghai Airport indirectly holds 50% of the De Gaulle momentum through the Airport Advertising Corporation. The De Gaulle Advertising Department is responsible for the design, production, representation, and distribution of domestic and foreign advertising, mainly at Rainbowbridge Airport and Pudong.
The airport operates. In recent years, due to the near-saturation of two advertising spaces in Rainbowpool, the renovation and construction of the transcapo East T1 terminal, and the restrictions on advertising operations, the company’s performance has been declining year after year since 2011.
Moreover, De Gaulle has begun to expand its operations to national airports, looking for business opportunities at other urban airports, and it is expected that company performance will be on the upward path in the future.
In 2016, De Gaulle recorded a renewed increase in performance, with Shanghai airport receiving investment returns of $320 million, an increase of 4.7 per cent over the same period.