The performance was consistent with expectations that the share of the ict market continued to outperform, with the company earning 53.890 billion yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 13.16 per cent in the previous quarter, a net profit for the mother of 1640 million yuan, an increase of 238 per cent in the same year, and a net profit for the non-retroactive parent of 1,491 million yuan in the same period.
Utility shares (000938), performance in line with expectations, steady growth in three quarters of quarterly collections \triangleright
According to the company announcement, in 2022, the company achieved business income of $19.488 billion in q3, an increase of 15.49 per cent in the same year, an increase of 224 per cent in the ring, a net return to the mother of $680 million, an increase of 0.74 per cent in the same year, and, in the first three quarters of 2022, the company continued to deepen its technology strategy for “Yun Ji-hoon” in terms of products and solutions.
The case continues to be integrated into such technologies as certainty networks, network computing, intelligence sensors, arithmetic networks, microservices and smart digital platforms: optimizing the capabilities of digital solutions such as zero carbon smart parks, digital finance, smart medicine, digital energy, smart education, smart emergency response, etc., and enhancing digitalization techniques.
The company continuously upgrades its cloud operations and cloud service capabilities to help its clients, operators and overseas customers.
To achieve digital transformation and intelligent development, the overall harvest has risen steadily, and with the rapid growth of the digital economy it will grow in time.
In the era, the hard-tech poles began to break, the purple shares (000938.sz): performance expectations, increased profitability.
Purple Shares (000938.sz): Performance against expectations, a steady development of the digital economy ict.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
According to the latest data released by idc, in the first half of 2022, the company's market share of many products continued to lead, and in China, Ether.
Net exchanges, enterprise network exchanges, data centre exchanges, ranking first in 36.9 per cent, 37.9 per cent and 37.8 per cent respectively; Chinese enterprise network routers market share, 30.7 per cent, continuously ranked second; Chinese server market share, 17.5 per cent; Chinese blade server market, 52.1 per cent; Chinese market share, Union market, first; Chinese storage
The market share is 13.5%, the second-highest; the market share of China’s utm firewall is 23.8%, and the market is second; China’s market share of the super-integration market is 24.6%, and the market is ranked first.
\triangleright achieved business income of 23.831 billion yuan in H1 a year, an increase of 20.95 per cent in the same year; net profit of 1.777 billion yuan, an increase of 20.82 per cent in the same year.
Businesses in China have grown steadily, with revenues reaching 18.16 per cent over the same period, business operations in China increasing steadily, with revenues reaching $4.04 billion over the same period and 38.34 per cent over the same period. International operations have steadily advanced, and sales of products and solutions have continued to grow on a scale of 905 million yuan over the same period, of which Xinhua has increased 13.88 per cent over the same period.
H3c brand products and services generated $356 million, an increase of 17.71 per cent over the same period. Domestic business: a series of digital solutions for different industry scenarios, sustained breakthroughs in the fields of digital government, smart education, smart medicine, digital finance, intelligent transport, etc., were involved in the writing of industry standards, while Xinhua opened its doors.
A new model of ict services, a Tob, tog-wide ict commercial city – Xinhua Three Business Towns – is being built to provide a one-stop ict service to industry clients. Based on Xinhua’s understanding and deep-deeping of the industry over the last three decades, there are a number of common solutions, which combine online and offline to meet the digital transformation needs of clients in different industries, and the full range of enabling industries.
Domestic operators: 2022h1, Xinhua III in-depth implementation of the Xinhua two-line strategy, promoting the integration of the operator cloud network, active deployment of the operator numeracy network, the determinative network, the liquid cold data centre, the light-quantified core network, etc.
The expansion of the political and emerging markets has led to a rapid increase in the size of the operator’s business. A large share of the winning operator’s collection projects and major projects: full coverage of seven packages, with a winning value of more than 3 billion yuan, was achieved in China’s centralised server procurement project for 2022-2023; and the winning China Telecom’s first-ever urban cloud network equipment
vbras collection project, entering key Chinese telecommunications operations such as Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Guangdong and Sichuan; the winning China Wide Power 5g Core Network Project - an item for the purchase of equipment for the IT Cloud Pool, which provides the Chinese Wide Power 5g Network with the overall cloud platform, software and hardware products, integrated transport and supporting engineering services required for the construction of the ant cloud pool, etc.; in the largest share
The China Connected Firewall Collection project, which is fully deployed in the core scenes of Connected Communications Clouds, 5 gc, and Bunghu Clouds, and the China Mobile Data Centre Exchange Collection Project, the China Mobileit Private Cloud Framework Collection Project, the China Connected Data Centre Switch Collection Project, and the China Connected Cloud Server Collection Project, are key projects.
The operator ' s high-end strategic market was further broken: the core router, cr. 19000, continued to expand in the first half of the year, breaking through the core nodes of the three major operators ' urban area network; and the successful movement of 5g small stations around China, steadily advancing the pilot and testing of the China Telecom and China Connect 5g small station.
The scope of the operator ' s operations has been expanded at an accelerated pace and the scale of the new business has rapidly increased: household products, such as smart household gateways and home-based cameras, have grown rapidly and the scale of their operations has increased dramatically; the Xinhua Sanyuan desktop has been marked by a provincial pick-up framework for nearly 20 Chinese provincial companies, with a framework of more than 500 million yuan; cooperation with and deployment of the cloud desktop business has been initiated and implemented in the province of Totundo, China; and advanced with three major operators.
International operations: in 2022, H1, Xinhua III continued to strengthen the deployment of overseas affiliates and the creation of a talent team, which now stands at 12; 225 new overseas certified partners, with a cumulative total of 1,055; and the expansion of overseas service systems.
Large, more than 200 overseas service partners. In response to the demands of the internationalized market for Chang Xinhua solutions, four priority scenario solutions have been released, such as co-location solutions, innovative educational solutions, efficient medical solutions and reliable public service solutions, and have been deployed in several countries, including Malaysia and Japan, to achieve government, health, and health care in a number of countries.
There have been breakthroughs in sectors such as education, finance, energy, transport, etc. The critical technology of the purple cloud has continued to evolve, the cloud service business has continued to break out in 2022h1, and the core subsidiary, Purple Cloud, has achieved operating revenues of $558 million, an increase of 42.38%.
In terms of core technical capabilities: Purple Clouds focuses on building core cloud service capabilities, improving the overall reliability of cloud platforms, and continuously upgrading the content of the ict infrastructure and services; building cloud-wide cloud-distribution and energy-rich cloud-building based on coconciliating cloud technology Building, active layout of an overall solution to the marginal cloud-distributed cloud and distribution-based cloud; enhancing the usability and maintenanceability of cloud computing products, mentioning
High delivery, operation, sustainment quality of services; increased technology development, improvement of soft gateways, technical capacity of the Paas platform, roll-out of the Lake Harbour One technology programme and completion of the evolution of national production technologies in cloud platforms, cloud desktops, computing virtualization software, databases and big data, resulting in a national production cloud service solution and further upgrading of technological leadership.
In the area of cloud services, smart cities and industrial clouds, there has been a steady breakthrough in the following areas: cloud services: successive projects such as the closing of the policy cloud, the closing of the tax cloud in Chongqing, the closing of the Shenzhen Federation for public security, the opening of the cloud in Luoyang, the closing of the city for intelligence in Yang City, the prevention and control of the smoke epidemic, the prevention and control of the disease in Wu Qingzhou, and public security in Quanzhou.
The company is a leading company in ict equipment in the country, with a complete “coon-net-side-end-core” industrial chain, and we watch the company \triangleright
The cloud computing industry was not as developed as expected; overseas business was not as developed as expected; and the parent company’s debt restructuring was not as effective as expected. After taking up its position as a Chinese stockholder, a vendor’s portfolio, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, with deep coverage of the smart manufacturing & cloud computing idc industrial chain, the cable & telecommunications new energy industry chain, the smart car & smart grid industrial chain, the 5g industrial chain, etc.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering areas such as network of goods, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, and 5g applications.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, Condensed Physics. In December 2021, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development team, which conducted research in the communications industry, covering areas such as cable & new energy sources, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.