q3 performed slightly more than expected, with the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre rising by 26.5 per cent. In the third quarter of 2024, the company achieved operating income of $4.24 billion, a year-on-year increase.
Māori rates and net interest rates have increased further, with a slight increase in cost rates. At the profit end: the company’s marketing subsidiary planned to expand its production capacity in the first three quarters of 2024, Gis’ business development is expected to rise further. On October 25, the company announced that the stock company Jiangsuthgen High Pressure Switch Ltd., a company that promotes the company’s overall brand image and competes in the market, would be able to raise the profile of the company.
To support market development, through innovation in plant planning, process change, quality upgrading, etc., plans to invest in the “high pressure smart appliances (gis) production base construction project” with a total planned investment of 300 million yuan for a 12-month construction period. With the project coming into operation, it will help to support the company's high-pressure mix electrical market.
Global new energy developments drive new power grids and upgrades to boost transformer demand. North American markets are subject to manufacturing backflows.
According to the General Customs Administration, China's exports of transformers have increased steadily since 2021, amounting to 37.6 billion yuan in 2023, an increase of 19 per cent in comparison, and about 25 per cent in the first eight months of 2024.
Seaheads, with overseas orders accounting for more than 50% of the total in 2023, are expected to benefit fully from the high demand from overseas, and products like transformers, gis, etc. are expected to grow rapidly, and order structures are optimized to boost overall profitability. Horizontal expansion across multiple areas, vertical capture of opportunities for overseas transmission and distribution markets, and medium- and long-term performance is expected to be fully realized.
Ideas Electric (002028): Performance meets expectations, rapid growth of overseas operations (2024-04-24) and risk of not expanding as expected: the risk of exchange rate fluctuations affecting the company ' s performance abroad.
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.