Ideal Electric (00228.sz) q3 performed slightly over-expected, with domestic overseas double-wheel drive of billions, 21.3 per cent more than the previous year; net return profit of 1.49 billion yuan more than the same year.
29.9 per cent. Of this total, q3 achieved a revenue of $4.24 billion, an increase of 29.4 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $60 million for mothers, an increase of 34.9 per cent over the same period.q3 performed slightly more than expected.
The dollar construction project, which is part of the production base project for high-pressure smart appliances (gis), has been invested in 1. The 24-year mid-point evaluation of Ideal Electrics: a sustained increase in profitability and the desire of overseas industries to support corporate high-pressure combination appliances in the opening of the market to meet production needs for future deliveries.
2. “In-depth research by the Ideal Electric Company: one-time power transmission of equipment, rapid growth in electricity network investment and solid infrastructure within the company network”.
In January-September 2024, the national grid project completed an investment of 39,82.2 billion yuan, an increase of 21.1% over the same period, and the grid investment accelerated to catch up on power investment.
Keeping the lead, based on the results of the first four batches of the national grid transmission project, the corporate portfolio of electrical/circuit breakers/segregated switches received a share of the winning amount, each meeting its long-term strategy overseas, and the contractual liability increased significantly over the same period.
The company’s overseas operations, mainly a combination of equipment sales and epc packages, meet the diverse needs of overseas households through the sale of epc-led single-machine equipment and the promotion of a breakthrough in the market for single-air products. After more than a decade of expansion, the company has covered more than 100 countries overseas.
By the end of the third quarter, corporate co-indebtedness had reached $2.24 billion, a +98% ratio, with strong hand orders. Profitability has continued to rise, and cost rates have remained stable overall.
Corporate overall Māori rate of 31.4 per cent in the first three quarters of 2024, year-on-year +1.3pct; net interest rate net interest rate ratio further up; cost ratio, distribution of company sales/management/R & D costs
Labour motivation, accelerated investment in domestic power grids, persistent demand for overseas electricity equipment Investment/Overseas expansion/promotion, rising raw materials, increased competition in industry Access to more services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market