3-quarter review 2024: q3 domestic and foreign delivery rhythm plus 28 October 2024 research assistant Xu Yonghyuk
By the year 24, the fifth national tender for grid transformer materials, the company’s core product, Gis/Breakers/Electrators/Consistencers/Systems/Relay Protection/Monitoring System, is expected to raise the company’s market share of the combined electrical appliances. We expect the order to be in the q3 network.
The same ratio rises slightly, at the q3 end, we expect the grid to be built faster than q2 and faster, with the backlog of orders delivered, mostly during the q4 construction season. (2) With regard to off-grid operations, capital spending on the project-based industrial market is weak, and we expect the company's industrial side income & orders to fall on the same scale, but...
The demand for new energy side-loading stations is expected to continue to grow rapidly; in addition, new items, such as intermediate switches, storage, etc., are settling in and are expected to become a new performance growth point for companies in the future.
The export value of the instrument/high voltage switch was +26/28 per cent, the demand from overseas continued to be high, the company was deeply plowed in the international market for many years, and the export of the epc-led equipment was highly effective. 1) Subregionally, Latin America, the Middle East and Europe saw faster increases in orders, and the North American market increased inputs (currently dominated by industrial side power plants). 2)
According to the product, the power transformer has the highest tension, and the global tap supply is 26 years away.
Contribution: High voltage switches are equally tight, and the price increase is relatively lower than electricity: in addition, power capacitors, powerless compensation devices (with a large number of statcom products overseas) will become an increment.
q1-3 operating net cash flow of $780 million, or +12 per cent. Of this amount, q3 operating cash flow of $670 million, or +5 per cent; q3 end-of-year contract liability of $2.24 billion, compared to +51 per cent at the beginning of the year, foreshadows more than orders.
Pf; the stock at the end of 24q3 was $3.66 billion, compared with +28 per cent at the beginning of the year, of which the q3 domestic electricity grid was also rated due to extreme weather events: operating robust and high-quality development, with delays in delivery of performance instruments, supply chain tensions, etc., resulting in delays in the delivery of some of the company's products
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s 24-26 year net return profit.