q3 with high growth, noor optimism, company reports three quarters of 2020: $3.174 billion in operating income in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
44.02 per cent of the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 49.65 per cent over the same period, with good business development and high performance of q3. q3 companies achieved a revenue of 1,516 million yuan, a year-on-year increase, which was due mainly to the increase in market demand on a year-on-year basis, volume sales of new products and new customers.
There has been an increase in exhibition, storage, microcontrol and sensor operations, as well as a significant increase in the exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi for the current period, with an increase of approximately $47.7 million in revenue. q3 Māori was 40.77 per cent, an increase of 0.19 percentage points compared with the corresponding increase in sales/administrative/financial costs, respectively
In addition, the company continues to promote the development of high-performance, low-power, small-sized product series, in the first half of the year.
The introduction of a series of gd25/gd55b/t/x products with a domestic lead capacity of up to 2gb represents the highest level of the spinorflash industry. In the future, the overall market demand will continue to grow as iot, 5g, etc.
Extending the duration of the storage agreement with the Long Jing to ensure long-term stability of cooperation. The company and the Pang Liang storage agreement, the substitute services agreement and the JDP cooperation agreement in March 2020.
31st month. After the expiry of the initial or renewal period, the agreement will be automatically extended for five years at a time. If either party does not intend to extend the agreement after the expiry of the agreement, it shall give notice in writing to the other party six months before the expiry of the period.” The company purchased and replaced the dram products by storing the dram.
Cooperative approaches such as services and joint product development platforms complement each other, optimize resource allocation and enrich the company ' s product lines and contribute to the firm ' s core competitiveness and industry position, and the conclusion of this supplementary agreement is conducive to ensuring long-term stability of cooperation.
Flush, mcu needs less than expected; new products are less advanced than expected; business integration is less than expected.