The q3 battalion has seen a surge in revenue, downstream upgrades and national production substitution drive long-term growth - the three-quarterly edition of Lei-Innovation Report has seen a two-fold rise in net profits and a further rise in Māori levels.
In the first three quarters of the company, $3.17 billion was increased by 44 per cent and the net profit of $580 million was increased by 46 per cent; in the q3 quarter, $1.52 billion was increased by 51 per cent, and the net profit of $260 million was increased by 12 per cent and the Māori level was further increased by h1.
• q3 performance benefits from storage, mcu high-profile company q3 collection, net profit continuity h1 performance, mainly from storage and the eruption of mcu downstream demand. 1) Consumer electronics and car electronics drive noor output growth: tws function complicated to noorflash
Storage upgrades; oled screens increase in cellular penetration, with the accompanying noorflash loadings increasing; and even cell phone tddi chip penetration increases the external noorflash demand. With respect to car electronics, the trend of electronicization of the entire vehicle has led to a significant increase in the use and specifications of bicycle noorflash.)mcu
Minimum/highest value per year: benefits from national production substitution and import of new products: h1 overseas counterparts affected by the epidemic, company national production replacement and speed; in addition, h1 company has increased the number of incoming and imported customers by issuing two new products. 3) dram
1) Noor products are expected to continue to benefit from tws upgrades and oled penetration, with an estimated 50% penetration of the oled cellular phone by 2020. Automobile electrons are growing significantly from adas-driven noor usage. 2) nads are moving towards 24nm, catching up with the industry and laying the basis for national production alternatives. 3) Storage and storage
mcu products, under the influence of the epidemic and the positive situation, the process of replacing national products by national producers is expected to accelerate. 4) Fingerprint sensors and dram operations are growing steadily. • Profit forecasting and investment advice
"H1 performance bright, storage plus component double-drive benefit" Performance 2019 meets expectations and continues to move forward.
Performance Guidance 2019 Fits with Expectations, Noor Volume Added Performance Explosion 2020-01-20 " O3 Performance Beyond Expectations, Industry Dynamics "
Performance outbreak 2019-10-30