The net profit of the mother is positive, the increase in profitability - the Emeritus and Pulse (002493.sz) incident evaluation report is 100,493 million yuan, an increase of 4.35 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the mother is 858 million yuan, an increase in the same year
During the first half of the year, crude oil prices ran at medium and high shocks, and Brent/wti averages, respectively, as cost pressures. The company relied on precision management and multi-project integration.
Efficient operation resulting in the recycling of refined oils, high loads of ethylene installations and by-products, effectively reducing production costs and increasing profitability. 2024h1 kD refined oil products/chemists/pta/ polyester thin film plates are collected separately
598/576,261/85 million yuan. The refined oil products benefited from higher oil prices, with a similar increase of 4.8 billion yuan, a gross increase of 1.1 pct, and a cost-based increase in the chemical products, with a fall of 1.2 billion yuan in the same year, but a significant increase in the gross profits of 7.03 pct to 7.03 pct.
14.72 per cent. Compared to the same period last year, the profit on petrochemicals of subsidiaries shifted from negative to net profit of 2.03 billion yuan.
During the first half of the year, the cash flow of the company became a “security cushion” for the stable development of the company at a time when it became perturbable as output and sales increased and business performance improved.
The advantages of smelting block integration will gradually emerge as a world of 40 million tonnes/year refined oil, 8.8 million tonnes/year of diphenyl ethers, 4.2 million tonnes/year of ethylene treatment capacity.
The largest single set of devices, such as hydrogen, reorganization, px, etc., is the base for synthesizing. The first global rate of smelting integration is maximizing the production of downstream chemical products through integrated design and recycling of raw materials.
It is expected that the cost, management, and industrial chain advantages of a company’s first-generation projects will gradually emerge as a result of the improved supply and demand for chemicals in the future. The company is one of the leading companies in China’s major industrial refining industries, with improved profitability, cash, etc.
Crude oil prices have experienced significant shocks; new capacity-building has been less advanced than expected; new capacity has contributed; performance has not been better than expected; prices of raw materials have fluctuated significantly; risks of excess refining capacity; risks of slow restoration of profits from downstream products; and carbon neutral policies are against rocks.
The risk of a significant increase in the chemical industry is not as high as expected for the global economic recovery.
Experience, 10 years of buyer research, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness. Joining the Chinese securities research in 2023 reflects my research perspective.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.