In August 27, 2024, Eon Seok-seok published its semi-annual report for 2024. In 2024, Eun Seok-seok (002493.sz)
The average Brent oil price in the first half of the year was $83.05 per barrel, an increase of 4 per cent.
Corporate cost-side pressure still exists. The fractions, smelting plates, first half of the year's smelting plate, are marked by the same ratio.
+7.0 ptt, a significant increase in the profitability of the chemical plate. Polyester plate, corporate polyester industry, in the first half of the year, saw a decline in the profitability of the chain, with pta products having a Māl-1.14%, same-1.3pt, polyesterized membrane having 1.34%, same-2.0% ptt. In cash flow, the company operated in the first half of the year.
The refining industry continues to be integrated, and the private sector has a significant advantage. From an industry perspective, by the end of 2023, the country ' s total refining capacity stood at 936 million tons, which will be expected in the future, as requested by the National Development Reform Commission.
Continuous promotion of the orderly exploitation of 2 million tonnes/years and below of normal pressure relief devices that are inconsistent with the country's industrial policy.
In keeping with the requirement of 1 billion tonnes/year, we believe that the future consolidation of refining capacity can be expected. Speed up, industrial transformation will continue to grow deeper. From a corporate point of view, corporate petrochemicalization is a private industrial integration project for domestic flagship ships, with multiple installations such as hydrogen, re-engineering, px, etc.
A single series of world leaders can process 80 to 90 per cent of the world's crude oil, with clear advantages in terms of cost, material adaptability, etc., while companies' new production profile continues to grow deeper into their products.
Technological breakthroughs accelerate production, and new production performance can be expected. Recently, the company issued an announcement on the commissioning of an annual production of 1,000 tons of experimental devices in alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons. The company has now successfully produced a qualified product, 1-octane, which is an important conglomerator for the production of poe and a high-value-added application for ethylene products.
An important path for Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., the 1-octane technology breakthrough is expected to accelerate Poe production and upgrade domestic \alpha-
In the future, high-end, high-value-added projects, such as the company’s new material items in gold ponds, the petrochemical high-performance resin project, and the chemical industry will be put into operation.
The stockholdings continue to grow, and the companies develop confidence. The shareholders are proud to hold their shares in January of this year.
By July, the plan to build up the company’s shares through a deep, centralized bidding process would be no less than 500 million yuan yuan and no more than 1 billion yuan yuan. We believe that the firm’s holdings have increased since this year, highlighting confidence in the company’s long-term development and further consolidating the holdings.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: we predict the net return profits of the company for 2024-2026, depending on the development of new chemical materials at the Great Refinery Platform, and the elasticity of the refining business is still to be released.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating for the glorified petrochemicals. Risk factors: significant price shocks for crude oil; less than expected new capacity-building; contribution of new capacity; less than expected performance; higher volatility in raw material prices; risk of excess refining capacity; downstream
The risk of slow recovery of product profits; the risk of significant additions to the petrochemical industry under the “carbon neutrality” policy; and the global economic recovery are not as high as expected. Toming left, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy Managing Director, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, China Geology and Mineral Economics Society
Member of the Board of Experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and conducted research and research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey Development, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice on hundreds of topics, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Hongqing, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Scientific Society for the Environment of China ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific and Technical Committee on Carbon Sino-Carbon. He was an expert and assistant director of China ' s Institute of petrochemical Economics and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China ' s Energy Outlook 2060 book;
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the major energy sectors.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the stone industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.