Performance was slightly higher than expected, nuclear storage integration could be expected in the future \triangleright on the mountain, and power growth resumed in the first quarter: from August 15, 2022 on the Taiwan 1 machine.
\triangleright 1 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 1,030 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 26.6 per cent from the same year, and the impact of Taiwan nuclear power on the company’s power generation. 4q22, the company had only four major changes and completed the generation of 58,966 million kilowatts in a single quarter.
At the same time, the growth rate was 6.8 per cent, the ring growth rate was 10.9 per cent, reversing the deceleration of electricity in the first three quarters, offsetting the drop in electricity prices in a single season, and the sales revenue was equal.
On the one hand, the effects of the inspection of the Taiwan machine, which is relatively expensive, are gradually being reduced; on the other hand, the impact of the inspection of the Taiwan machine is being reduced.
In the period under review, the amount of electricity traded on the market by companies increased by 55.3%, or 16.2 percentage points from 2021. The amount of electricity on the company’s nuclear power market can be divided into Utsumi, Guangdong province, and Zhao Guo Li, research assistant.
Three parts of full-cost electricity generation, intra- and sub-provincial market traded electricity, and the current supply of electricity, in the context of the tightness of the current supply of electricity, has increased the price of electricity traded on the market and the share of electricity traded on the market by companies with full-price increases. In 2023, the annual price of trading on fire and electricity in Guangdong province was about 20 per cent higher than the base price, and the company’s intra-provincial fleet market was on the rise.
Integrating nuclear storage with nuclear energy heating, expanding operational boundaries: companies actively supporting the construction of pumping water storage and electricity \triangleright
The chemical storage energy project, which was reported in the third quarter of 2022, was evaluated by the company as of the end of December 2022 for two pumping energy projects in Guangdong Province: electricity drops, cost increases and sound cannons on the ground Fung 5
- 2022/10/27 Holdings development and participation in the construction of a pumping energy project; at the same time, the company collaborated with other enterprises to prepare 2. Guangning, China (003816.sz) semi-annual 2022 reporting point
In Guangdong, a joint demonstration project to develop a large nuclear storage complementary electrical and chemical storage capacity can be effective in improving the stability of the nuclear power plant, reducing nuclear safety risks, and also allowing for fluctuations in spot prices on the power market, stabilization 3. China’s Hiroshima (003816.sz) incident: no demand.
Nuclear power trade prices. Nuclear energy heating will explore the diversification of nuclear energy products, creating a multi-energy complementarity centred on nuclear energy, vibrations, hydroelectric suppression, and the re-launching of Taiwan 1 with a view to a comprehensive approach to the use of 2022/07, expanding the boundaries of the company’s nuclear power operations.
4. China Guangning (003816.sz) 1st Quarterly Report 2022 Investment proposal: The impact of the inspection of the Taiwan 1 aircraft is gradually fading, 4q22’s electricity output is over-expected, and market-trading electricity is partially benefiting from a flat price increase to offset the overall power decline.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.