It's like a cow, and it's like a song that's never turned back. On 11th of April, 2022, Shaanxi powered the coal dragon, and it's very large.
\triangleright tonnes/year, 16 pairs of controlled mines with combined production capacity of 1,905 million tonnes/year (equity capacity of 755.2 million tonnes/year) and 21 million tonnes/year (equity capacity of 7.04 million tonnes/year).
Five-to-one mines, with a combined capacity of 76 million tonnes/year, representing 64% of the total controlled capacity, have a sudden advantage in the size of the mine. 2021q4 companies also have a guaranteed supply in the context of insurance in the coal industry, with a partial increase in production capacity and an increase of 5 million tonnes/year in the production capacity of the company ' s controlled mines (an increase in equity capacity of 2.59 million tonnes).
After the increase, the combined sale price boosts the company’s performance. As the company’s railway capacity is difficult to match the company’s coal sales, and the company’s high coal heat, it is more suitable for chemical customers to use it.
Since 2022, pit coal prices have been higher than in ports, west migration in the energy-intensive sector and marginal improvements in chemical and construction materials demand have led to continued price increases. Against a backdrop of high offshore coal prices, imports are difficult to effectively complement domestic markets, and sales are expected to continue to rise.
For its part, in 2022, the benchmark price of the Association was raised from $535 per ton to $675 per ton, raising the high score of the red cow with a long-term investment value. As of the third quarter of 2021, corporate asset liabilities \triangleright
1. The performance forecast for the Xiaoxi coal industry (601225.sh) of 22q1 is only 37.99 per cent, with a financial cost of 88 million yuan, and the book currency funds fully cover interest-bearing liabilities.
2. Quick performance rating for 2021 in the Xiaoxi Coal industry (601225): follow-up capital investment will continue to decline or will continue to decline, the characteristics of cash cows will be evident. And, based on returns from shareholders in the company, performance will grow robustly, with a high mark on long-term investment values.
\triangleright 1 kilogram of Western state power coal taps, with a steady increase in profitability, which is not less than 40 per cent of the distributed profits realized in the current year, distributed in cash each year
1.1 Company Profiles: Sino-Western country background powered coal taps, which is funded by the Xiangxi Coal Industry Chemical Group, Inc., with the assets of the coal main industry, were established on 23 December 2008 and placed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 28 January 2014.
In addition, the company is one of the only producers of coal in Xinxi province, which sells and sells it as one of the two main developers of the large coal base identified by the state. The main business is coal mining, washing, processing, marketing, and production services, the main product being powered coal.
The company has a financial background and is part of a large state-owned coal industry group, the Xinxi Coal Chemical Group, which is the only province in Xinxi province. The Xinxi Coal Group holds 65.12% of the company’s shares and holds the shareholders in the company. The Xinxi Coal Group is a fully owned enterprise under the Xinxi State Finance Committee, so that the company actually controls the Xinxi State Finance Committee.
After many years of development, the group has evolved into a “coal development-based, coal-led, multi-dimensional development-” industry. In terms of its operational composition, the company has developed a business system centred on coal products, chemical products, and supported by steel products, construction, mechanical products, building materials, electricity, and transport operations.
By the end of 2020, the Group had 30.45 billion tons of coal reserves and 20.309 billion tons of reserves available. The People’s Government of Xinxi Province has clearly identified the issuer as the sole developer of the southern part of the Ordos basin. According to the survey, the storage of coal resources in the southern part of the capital will reach 30-40 billion tons, and as future exploration and exploitation of the southern part of the capital will lead to a reserve of the Group’s resources.
1.2 Corporate performance: sustained growth in profitability. Corporate performance has continued to improve since the supply side reform. By 2021, the company had achieved business income of $152,401 million, an increase of 60.32 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $20,936 million, an increase of 40.83 per cent.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved a net return profit of $5.1 billion to $6 billion, an increase of 51.22 per cent to 77.91 per cent over the same period.
2.1 Supply: The peak has passed, and production bottlenecks persist in the context of “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” and reduced willingness to invest in new productive capacity in the industry.
Against this background, taking into account the construction cycle of about five years, assuming that the industry’s current mindset is changing to start building new capacity, which will be released five years later, it is expected that the increase in the supply end of the coal industry will remain low over the next five years.
781.1 million tons, 84.51 million tons and 10,283 million tons, based on the national primary coal production in 2020, with an increase of 2.03 per cent, 2.20 per cent and 2.68 per cent, respectively. Regionally, about 30 per cent of the increase comes from the Xinjiang region, which is more difficult to transport offshore coal than to effectively complement the coal market. Nearly half of the increase in new production capacity comes from the interior, but most of the increase is in coal mines associated with coal-chemical projects.
Most of them are in the form of chemical products, with less participation in market transactions. On the whole, the real impact of the increase in production of new productive capacity or the continued withdrawal of non-presidious properties. There are still a large number of small- and medium-scale coal mines in our country, with a large number of productive wells in the east-central and south-western regions, most of which are on the verge of depletion, with high risks such as water damage, gas, etc., and poor economic performance.
In 2021, according to incomplete statistics, the main-producing real-estate capacity was withdrawn from 118 sites, involving a capacity of 2.96 million tonnes/year, with an average single-well size of about 250,000 tonnes/year. Given that the lag-estate production capacity is depleted, the capacity utilization rate is well below 100%, and we assume that the lag capacity utilization rate is lower than 100%.
Tons, 6.891 million tons and 8.903 million tons, based on the national primary coal production in 2020, were increased by 1.57 per cent and 1.79 per cent respectively, while the increase in primary coal production in the fourth quarter of 2021 was mainly due to the release of nuclear capacity, the “legalization of excess capacity”. Specifically, the increase in production was mainly from the Inner Moon and Xinjiang. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the national production of primary coal was 1.140 billion tons, compared to the third quarter.
Ten thousand tons, Xinjiang increased production by 30.13 million tons, and the four provinces increased production by 130 million tons. Of this, the main increase in Mongolia was in Ordos tons, or 85 per cent of the q4 increase in Inner Mongolia. In comparison with the production and capacity in the fourth quarter of 2021 in the province of Shinjmon, there were excess yields, totalling nearly 200 million tons, owing to fluctuations in real production and the storage of capacity data for the end of 2020.
High yields are expected to be unsustainable, given the relative lag, and given the above, the excess output is higher than the increase in q4 relative to q3. As the supply runs to the end, coal production in the Ordos region will decline from high points, and the production capacity of the increased mine will not be processed in a timely manner, or only in accordance with the original capacity.
In addition, insurance coverage may overstretched production over the next year, followed by continuity of production and production preparation, subsequent extraction links or stabilization, so that high production levels are not expected to be sustainable during the supply period. In terms of stock capacity, the potential for capacity build-up is reduced. First, there is a significant decrease in productivity overcapacity.