The performance has grown steadily, with a three-quarterly review of the emerging equipment business, 688187. On 31 October, Time Electric released its three-quarters report for 2025.
According to the Washington Times, 2025q1-3 national railways have completed capital investment of 59.37 billion yuan, an increase of 5.8% over the previous year, and have accumulated 968 km of new lines. The company is a pioneer and leader of China’s electrical railway equipment industry.
First, in 2025, China participated in the development of international standards in the field of full orbital traffic automaticity, and the successful publication of the standards marked a further improvement in China ' s voice in the development of international orbital traffic standards, filling the gaps in international standards for urban orbital traffic signal systems.
Cr450 STI work went well and, as of 3 November 2025, Cr450 had successfully tested and applied 12 mtha price ranges on multiple lines, including high-iron and high-iron steel.
Tests, indicators performed well, and new records were created during the experiment, with a single 453 km per hour and a relative 896 km per hour.
Semiconductor operations are growing rapidly, and new energy-driven products cover a wide range of terminal companies. 2025q1-3 company industrial semiconductor operations are well developed, yielding $3.92 billion, and pressurized igbt products are mainly used in the field of orbital transport and electricity grids: in home-grown orbital transport.
At the end of the pipeline, the company is gradually achieving breakthroughs in such suppliers as Yongzi and Ironco; the grid area is the main growth contributor to high voltage igbt, and the company’s share in the domestic high-voltage device market is currently about 50%.
By the end of September 2025, the vehicle was powered into the general population, Toyota, general, gas, gas, etc.
Expanding to 2 million sets of capabilities, and planning to upgrade current capacity utilization to maintain a “buy-in” rating by the end of 2025. We adjust the company's forecast of net return profits for 2025-2027 to a “synergy diversification” strategy, with new equipment moving forward steadily.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has worked diligently and professionally to produce the report independently and objectively and to ensure that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, that the author's research views are clearly and accurately reflected, and that any conclusions are not in any third position.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.