Performance growth was robust, with new and emerging equipment continuing to break through -- three-quarters performance appraisal in 2025 -- rolling equipment + resonance in the new industry, and firm performance growing robustly.
RMB 10,305 million, or +9.23 per cent; of this, RMB 8,076 million, or RMB 14.47 per cent, and other RMB 573 million, or +64.07 per cent.
The cost has remained stable over the period, and the Maori rate has risen. In the previous three quarters, the company combined Māori rate was 32.42%, while Wangxia recorded a steady decrease in costs, with a total cost of 14.40% over the previous three quarters, compared to a comparable caliber.
Semiconductor operations are gradually released, and new equipment is expected to continue to grow rapidly. In the third quarter of 2025, the company Prince Road earned $3.923 billion, or +23.19 per cent.
To reach full capacity, the three-stage sic production lines are expected to be connected by the end of the year, and to actively reach out to domestic and foreign households. With the gradual release of semiconductor capacity, emerging equipment is expected to continue its rapid growth.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of the e-team, mainly in hard-tech orientation research. Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, Bachelor of Science, University of Shandong, three years of experience in science and technology industry research, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Research Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.