Performance of 25q3 exceeded expectations, and growth of domestic and foreign operations accelerated 3-quarter performance ratings in 2025: companies issued 3-quarter reports in 2025 and generated operating income of $8.859 billion in January-September 2025
Joint film medicine (stock code: 688271) yuan (+126.94 per cent) with an operating cash flow of $107 million (converted negatively). 2025q3 achieved operating income of $2.843 billion (+75.41 per cent), resulting in a net profit of $122 million (reverse to gain) from the mother, with partial deductions.
Domestic operations recovered strongly, and overseas became a key engine of growth. Revenue growth at 2025q3 grew at an all-round rate, largely as a result of industrial policies such as domestic equipment upgrades. At the profit end, corporate profitability improved marginally, with a q3 quarter Maori rate of 45.09% (+3.15 pt), the previous three quarters.
In addition, operating income of $1,243 million (+28.44 per cent) from company after-sales services in the first three quarters of 2025, benefiting from the global build-up effects of companies, mature supply chain systems and smart management systems, has been an important support for firm growth and improved profitability.
By June 2025, the company had accumulated more than 140 products to the market. The company was developing parallel lines of products covering research and development from the next generation, bottom hardware.
Breaking-up, intelligent application to the platform’s system architecture’s all-store innovation layout continues to deepen core competition barriers. At the same time, firms are fully autonomously developing core components in multiple product lines, such as mr, mi, to safeguard supply chain security and cost advantages, and to further strengthen industry leadership.
Investment proposal: Solitaire is the lead in the manufacture of home-grown medical imaging equipment, with a rich product line and advanced product performance, promising to benefit fully from policies such as new medical infrastructure and large-scale equipment upgrades, as well as prospects in overseas markets and long-term corporate growth. Considering that performance in the last three quarters has already reflected a recovery in the domestic market,
High-end product markets have risen significantly, high growth in overseas markets has become a new engine, companies have been certain of their performance throughout the year.
2. [Galactic Medicines] Company Review _ Joint Film Medical Care (688271): Recovering recovery-driven performance repair is needed, overseas breakthroughs deepen growth dynamics 3. [Galactic Medicines] Company Review _ Joint Film Medical Care (688271):
I am committed to producing this report with diligence, independence, and objectivity, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.