Events: 3-quarterly company reports in 2025, operating revenue of $8.859 billion in the first three quarters of 2025, combined medical care (688271), profit of $1,053 million (yoy+126.94 per cent) and net cash flows from operating activities of $107 million
Tang Ee-jin's overseas outreach has been very effective, with revenue growing by over 40%. Business income rose to 22.50% in the third quarter of 2025, becoming the core engine of corporate growth, with North America's revenue rising on the same basis.
The market grew by nearly 30% the same year. We believe that corporate globalization is gradually gaining ground, and that as Cao Jialine's overseas branding rises, core projects in North America, Europe and Asia and the Pacific are concentrated.
Practice No.: S1500523080011, the efficiency of order-to-income conversion is expected to increase further, overseas operations are expected to remain high, profitability is expected to increase significantly, showing strong endogenous growth dynamics.
Maintain strategic inputs in the area of sales and R & D, with rates falling to varying degrees as revenues grow. Cost of sales in the first three quarters of 2025. 12.44%. We believe optimal high-end product structure, reduced cost rates, and improved operational efficiency.
With multiple drivers of such factors, corporate profitability is expected to increase continuously, and profit elasticity is expected to be released. Income growth is rising at a seasonal rate, with an enabler driving intelligence 39 times, maintaining a firm’s “buy-in” investment rating.
“High end + globalization + smartness” drive. Risk factors: market competitive risk: offshore market failure to expand as expected: exchange rate fluctuations risk: \triangleright
I'm a leader in the construction of medical images, a two-wheel drive overseas, a few intellectual products leading up to Sindh Securities.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. Golden House No. 127, Wumen West Avenue, Beijing, Beijing.b In 2024, I joined the Sinda Securities, covering the health services, cxo, upper life sciences, Chinese medicine, etc.
In 2023, we joined the Cadastre in charge of research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, and icl. In 2023, we joined the Cadastre, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.