Bank regional banks Bank Chengdu: enjoying a regional economic dividend, subsequent profit elasticity, strong shareholders in the country, and a better governance structure.
The Department’s major shareholders, q3 held 20% of the company’s equity as of 2023; the Cheng City State Finance Committee held 30.45% of the company’s stockholdings and was the firm’s realist. The main executives were always rooted in Sichuan, with a rich grass-roots experience and a well-developed corporate governance structure.
In 2023, the Chengdu gdp was at the seventh place in the country's cities; the same rate of increase was 6%, in the top ten cities of the gdp, with Shenzhen as the second place. The construction of the twin city's economic circle was upgraded to a national strategy.
Four poles, followed by more sustained economic growth. In Chengdu, the competitive environment is mild, firms are competing with major competitors, and the company roe is well above the other two lines and has a more competitive advantage.
Maintenance of high-speed expansion; corporate loan end-of-course growth, with a total of q3 loans ranked 6th in the upper-city comptoirs in 2023. Qualitatively, stock risk packages are cleared, and asset quality has improved significantly; leading levels in the city comptoirs; poor forward-looking indicators also show good asset quality, 2023h1.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: We believe that companies will benefit fully from major development gains in terms of both the opportunities for sustained and robust growth, and despite short-term pressure to narrow net interest differentials, Chengdu banks: regional economic dividends, subsequent profit elasticity periods
Chengdu Bank: regional economic dividend, subsequent profit elasticity bank: regional economic dividend, subsequent profit elasticity background: strong state shareholders and better governance structure
The Bank of Chengdu (hereinafter referred to as the company) was established in December 1996 as the first city commercial bank in Sichuan province. In 2007, the company introduced the Sichuan Bank into the stock market. In 2008, it was changed from the former Metropolitan Commercial Bank to the current Chengdu Bank Limited. It was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in January 2018 and became the first listed bank in Sichuan province, and the eighth of a's listed stock in the country.
(ii) Equity structure: State holdings background, strong shareholders, well-known as metropolitan state capital committees, and strong shareholders. Hand-in-hand financial holding groups are major shareholders of the company, holding 20 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings until the end of the third quarter of 2023; the Fonlong Bank of Malaysia holds 19.76 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings, introducing advanced ownership for the company.
Bank management experience; in addition, the Chengdu Capital Holding Group, the Hong Kong Central Clearing House, and the Chengdu Qinging Investment hold shares in the companies 6.37%, 4.82%, 4.08% respectively. The Chengdu Financial Holding Group, the Chengdu Capital Holding Group, and the Chengdu Qing Qing Qing Investment are enterprises under the effective control of the Metropolitan State Finance Committee, which, through its combined ownership of 30.45% of the companies, is the firm's controlling owner.
The Sichuan National Investment Commission, through the Nisheng publishing media and the Sichuan publishing and distribution group, holds a combined 3.69% interest in the company, and strong shareholder power provides strong support for the company’s development.
(iii) Corporate governance: senior executives take root in Sichuan, good governance structures, and management is rooted in Sichuan, with a deep understanding of the financial environment in the Sichuan region. From the background of the current executive's curriculum vitae, the main executives have always been rooted in Sichuan, such as the chairman of the company, Mr. Wang Jian, who is temporarily acting as president, was born in Chengdu.
Branches, with a wealth of grass-roots work experience; in addition, such as Mr. Li Jinming and Mr. Gong Ming have, respectively, the work experience of regulators, business firms, and the experience of managing diversity has made corporate governance more comprehensive and in-depth.
Regional context: Regional economic activity is sufficient, and the environment for competition among the communities is moderate (i) Regional economies: Economic activity is sufficient, industrial structure is balanced Economic growth is in the forefront and economic activity is strong. In terms of economies, in 2023, Gdp reached 2.21 trillion yuan.
It is ranked seventh in the country’s cities, followed by Chongqing in the western cities. The economic growth rate is 6% in 2023, followed by Shenzhen (after Chongqing) in the top 10 cities; and 9.26% in the last 10 years, with rapid economic growth, except in 2022, where the growth rate was higher than the national rate of gdp.
Chengdu is ranked first, with a sustained net population inflow. The Chengdu economy is much higher than other cities in Sichuan Province, with 36.70% in 2023, and ranks first among the trillion-degree provincial capitals. With the combination of large economies, high economic concentration, relatively low house prices, and abundant recreational resources, Chengdu has a stronger rainbow-sucking effect on the southwest region, which will result in a larger share of the population.
Demand for financial services. In 2022, the GDP ratio (the urban residents ' disposable income/the average selling price of new houses) was 3.43, ranking ninth among 19 first-line cities and new-line cities: 21,26.8 million in 2022, 4.14 per cent in cagr, and maintained a net population inflow each year, rising steadily to 25.40 per cent in Sichuan province.
Chengdu Bank: A regional economic dividend with subsequent profit elasticity periods. The third sector contributes mainly to the gdp, and the electronic information industry is the backbone.
The electronic information industry, which is the backbone of the industry, has benefited from strong government support for rapid growth in recent years, with the manufacturing value added for sub-information products reaching 10.57 per cent in the last 10 years; for the first time, the Chengdu electronic information industry passed the 100 billion mark in 2020; and in 2022, the electronic information industry reached 1.2 trillion yuan in size, yielding 626.2 billion yuan in revenue, an increase of 12 per cent in value.
Figure 10: Rapid growth of the Chengdu electronics information industry (ii) Strategic planning: upgrading of location. Area advantage first presented in the year, followed by a series of related policies. In April 2016, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Housing jointly issued " Chengjing "
In January 2020, at the sixth meeting of the Central Finance and Economic Affairs Commission, it was first proposed to promote the creation of a bi-city economic circle in the Chengjing region, marking the rise of the bi-city economic circle in the Chengjing region to a national strategy.
The State Council has published the National Integrated Stereo-Territories Planning Framework, which lists the two-city economic circle of the Chengjong region as the “four poles” of Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Great Bay region of Hong Kong, and the “ten-and-ten” integrated transport corridors, six main axes, seven corridors, and eight corridors around the four poles. As central cities of the chain, the regional development dividend will generate a sufficient demand for financial services for companies.
Chengdu Bank: enjoying a regional economic dividend, subsequent profit elasticity, upgrading of the industrial structure, and continuous release of development opportunities. The strategic upgrading at the national level has led to an increase in capital investment, while the urban level has built up industrial markets to create strong capital and industrial linkages.
Upgrading to promote the development of electronic information, equipment manufacturing, medical health, new materials, green foods, and the five major advanced manufacturing industries. The 14th Five-Year Manufacturing Quality Development Plan was launched in May 2022, proposing hundreds of billions of grades for creating electronic information, equipping two trillion-class industrial clusters and biomedicines, green foods, new materials, energy conservation and environmental protection, industrial software, etc.
In February 2023, the list of major projects in the bi-cities of the built-up areas was published, incorporating 248 major projects with a planned investment of 33.953 billion yuan, and in 2023 the actual investment of 41,384 million yuan, with a completion rate of 121.9 per cent; and at the end of January 2024, the bi-cities of the built-up areas had a heavy economic circle of 2024.
The List of Large Projects was published and included 300 major projects, 52 more than in 2023, with 33 new modern industry projects, or 40.74 per cent more than in 2023. (iii) Inter-industry competition: pooling of resources and a moderate competitive environment
Companies are focused on serving the local economy, and institutions and loans are concentrated in Chengdu. Companies are farming deep in the metropolitan area, with 77.3% of branches concentrated in the Chengdu region as of 2023 (h1), and by 2023 (h1), the total amount of corporate loans was 575.375 billion yuan, of which 42.350 billion yuan, or 73.06%, was invested in the capital area.
In the context of regional competition, the firm has a competitive advantage. ... In addition to the state-owned, equity-owned businesses... the company’s main competitors are the Autonomous Agricultural comptoir and Sichuan Bank.
In peri-urban and county cities, the company’s network is mainly located in the main city. Sichuan Bank is much different from the company, and Sichuan Bank, as a provincial comptoir, will be more focused on provincial operations, competing with the company’s business.
Financial analysis: robust growth on both ends, asset quality performance excellent (i) volume: robust growth on scale, transformational effect, robust overall growth on scale, and a drop in the same rate of growth. From the fast-growing regional economy, corporate capital is expanding closer to the other end.
Corporate loans are growing at a very high rate. As the Chengdu region’s economy improves, corporate credit has accelerated since 2016, with the highest level of comptoirs in the city.
The stateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthestateofthereofthereofstateofthereofthereeofthereofthereeofthereeofthereeofthereeofthereeofthereeofthereeof have continued to increase public loans, and the effects of the retail transition have been apparent.
Corporate deposits have been growing faster since 2019, and in recent years they have been on the basis of public deposits, with q3 = public deposits, personal deposits, deposits as of 2023, Q3 = 3928.08, increases in personal deposits in retail transitions, and higher yield rates.
Personal deposits increased by 28.96 per cent over the same period. Corporate deposits were higher, with a rate of 37.36 per cent for 2023h1 deposits and a higher rate for upper-market comptoirs
At the upper-middle level, it ranks 6th in the upper-market comptoirs, followed only by the banks of Zhengzhou, Guiyang, Changsha, Ningbo and Qing, with a high percentage of deposits (especially high-level call deposits) and low-cost storage capacity. As of 2023, the debt cost was 2.28%, and in the upper-market comptoirs, behind it was the low-cost storage capacity of companies supported by their silver dominance.
(iii) Quality: Improved asset quality, low credit cost stock exposure, significant improvement in asset quality.
Warming of the local economy, release of credit risk, increased handling of corporate risk, and a gradual downside of the negative rate; after 2020, corporate stock risk was cleared, corporate asset quality continued to improve, with a negative rate of 0.71 per cent for q3 companies as of 2023, and standards of bad identification continued to tighten in listings, and forward-looking indicators showed a trend towards good asset quality.
The Division’s provision coverage is ranked 3rd among the listed comptoirs, after Hangzhou Bank and Suzhou Bank.
Chengdu Bank: enjoying a regional economic dividend, following a profit elasticity period 1 and continuing rapid expansion at both ends. The construction of the Chengdu economic circle continues, with sufficient regional economic dynamism and expectations of sustained pressure on companies for 2 and interest differentials affected by interest cuts.
Field interest rates have fallen, companies are facing downward pressure on the rate of return on interest-bearing assets; while deposits are on a regular or ongoing basis, interest-bearing liabilities continue to have low cost rates, 3 and negative rates. Companies ' poor standards have tightened, and forward-looking indicators indicate good asset quality trends and poor rates will continue to be low.
(b) The region’s economic development has fallen short of expectations, competition among partners has increased significantly, and the quality of assets has deteriorated considerably.
Pacific Securities, 17th Floor, National Launch Building, 500 South East Park, Shanghai City, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou Avenue, 102 Pacific Securities.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute purchases of the said securities.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.