The performance of \triangleright improved significantly in the first quarter of 2018, and profitability is expected to improve continuously. 18q1 achieved 32.2 and 38.9 per cent increases in revenue and profits, respectively.
The growth of power and brand power is expected to continue to improve corporate profitability, with companies expected to achieve 30% of their revenue growth by 2018. The collection of prepaid accounts has been slightly reduced by policy and seasonal factors, a series of alcohols has grown rapidly, and the company’s fundamentals have been fine.
High. The high base of 17q1 reserve calls, and the strict monthly rate of payments imposed by 18q1 and the slower pace of payments after spring holidays, resulted in $13.2 billion less than the $13.2 billion in advance payments and $1.2 billion less ring. The actual volume of liquor delivered in one quarter was about 7,500 tons, compared to the wealth and wisdom of the East.
There has been a slight decline in the previous projections. The company's product structure has continued to be optimized, “upward product structure” has been “upgraded”, there will be a greater volume of future raw and annual drinking, and the company's annual series of liquor will continue to grow at a constant rate.
To prevent harm to consumers and to control market risks rationally, the supply was increased at the beginning of the year, ensuring price stability. The firm’s firm’s foundation, set at less than $1499, would allow dealers to return to a reasonable margin of profit, as well as more price gaps, such as custom liquor and annual wine.
Strength. The aim is to strengthen the regulation of fly-by channels and sales, and to curb speculative forces in the market, such as “herding” and “false wine,” to further stabilize prices and slow down risks. At present, “price increases + price controls” – the firm’s two-step, two-step drive in 2018 – are very strong. If the company “price increases + price controls” can be done, the product can be released at $1499, and the pricing power for high-end white poles can be firmly secured.
The M.A. holds a first degree in finance from the University of Durant, England, and a second degree from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space.
Fan Jianji, China Agricultural University-University of California at Berkeley, has jointly developed a Ph.D. in agricultural economics management. Joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department in 2015 to analyze his research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.