Sales average prices and profit rates drive up four quarters of the expected performance; maintain strong buy-in. Maotai in Guizhou announced gross revenue of 61.06 billion yuan in 2017, an increase of 52 per cent over the same period; net profits of 27.1 billion yuan, an increase of 62 per cent over the same period, which is 4 per cent higher than we expected.
Income/net profits were 7/17 per cent higher than we expected, driven mainly by higher prices and lower sales management costs.
The income from the khat is 52.4 billion yuan, a 43% increase from the same year. The sales volume is 30,206 tons, a year from year to year.
Aej's strong buy-in/sale list, a series of wines supported by product structure upgrades, a series of wines (low-middle-end) with revenue of RMB 5.77 billion, an increase of 172 per cent over the same period, with an increase in sales.
A 113% long and a 27% increase in sales over the same year, indicating a successful upgrading strategy for the series and rapid penetration of the middle market. Management expects the sale of the series of liquor products to reach a retail guideline price of $438.
Each profit (rmb) line and push the wine series to a fast-growing sub-high end market.
The primary risk is: a period of slow intervention in the growth of high-end white wine: tighter government control over the consumption of white wine.
We, Liao Yu, cfa, Dai, and I hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the research industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. Returns are the sum of the capital return indicators projected for each year, such as croci, average application of capital return and net asset return. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gain, dividends return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of historical fluctuations of 12 months and adjusted for dividends.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%) and three of which is a lower probability of Qantum.
Quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or to compare gssustain gssustain between firms in different industries and markets, a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries.
Rewards, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance) are expected to be successful in the long term vis-à-vis industry leaders around the world. Candidates are based mainly on screening for a comprehensive quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas.
A set of food drinks: Guai Goon, Consejo, Yoyo River, Guozhou Maotai, Jinzhou old cellar, Qing Qing Qingqiao, Shanxi Liquor, Shui Wiao, Qingji Island Beer (a) and Five Grain fluids.a A set of media: Aufi Entertainment, Light Media, Songhua Cable, Wah Weihua, Blue Curtain, South-China Media, Media Division, Guangzhou, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, East Min Joo, Handing Science and Technology, Manda Film, Hua Xiao.
In the next three months, Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies: Maotai, Guizhou (rmb714.74) Goldman Sachs has had an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Mauptai, Guizhou (rmb714.74).
Company ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Return decisions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has a dynamic rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of purchase and sale ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
The investment rating of these stocks has changed, to be eliminated. Ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets (if any) for such stocks previously set will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Research (cs): We have already suspended
Suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless, because this report is distributed in China by High China Securities. High China Securities are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.