Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
I. The lower than expected distribution of the Mautai wine, the higher price of the series, the higher price of the new one, the lower price of the bottle, and the delayed distribution of the raw wine have affected the rate of income growth. The revenue from the Mautai wine camp was $156.5 million a quarter, an increase of 27.49 per cent, which is less than previously expected in the market.
This is the core cause, and the delay in the sale of the raw wine affects the rate of income growth. According to the feedback from the source, the pre-spring run is about 5,500 tons, and the raw wine is not actually on sale: spring holiday delivery is on hold, total equity/flow (millions of shares)
Ceremonium; post-drinking mausoleum is starting to light-season speed. The total market value/flow (million dollars) for the real delivery of mausoleum wine in a quarter is estimated to be close to 8,000 tons, an increase of about 11.5 per cent over the year, which is more than planned by the wine factory.
The increase is still lower than expected, mainly because the market’s optimism was based on “the release of not less than 7,000 tons of puppies during the spring season to stabilize market prices.”
The price increases are even greater for Xiao's and other non-target products. But because of Xiao's Quixada and others (600519), you can't keep track of it:
The result of the fall in the share of non-target products in sales in the first quarter was that price increases are not fully visible. After a high increase in net profit realization, confidence in fundamentals is strong.
The real effect is that most distributors actively cooperate with the liquor industry, bringing the price of the U-fly retailer back to the official guideline price of $1.499/bottles during the spring season, some of the dealers giving back to consumers at a preferential price of $1.399 or $1.299, and the market price system.
Okay. On this basis, there is no need for the liquor store to put in large quantities in order to avoid a lack of supply in the second quarter or the second half of the year, and it is reasonable to control the speed of delivery. We do not think the market has to worry too much about the pace of delivery, or about the real demand of the market. Intuitive analysis, spring season is a long way out.
Market demand remains strong, and it is not very difficult to successfully complete the planned volume throughout the year.4 At the end of the reporting period, advance receipts were further reduced to a quarterly report point in Guizhou: delivery delays have had an increase in speed and price increases have not been fully visible
13172 million yuan (5,816 million yuan less than the same year and 1,257 million yuan less ring), mainly affected by the new channel provisions that were put in place in early 2017, the monthly quota and approved pass-through lending policy, which resulted in a shorter shipment cycle and a gradual decline in advance receipts in line with expectations.
The price of wine in the series rises to a new bright spot. The series collects $1.688 billion, or 80.51 per cent, and is better off. We believe that the series is growing at a high rate in the first quarter, laying a good foundation for a year-round hit of 8 billion, with stronger market confidence.
High growth, both for the reasons for the rapid increase in sales and for some of the price increases contributed through the upgrading of the product structure. The price of a series of wines has become a new light, as well as a new, second, Māori rate in the future, lower cost rates, business finance indicators to validate the company’s health development.
The real reason for the small increase in the Māori rate is that, during the reporting period, the Māori rate for companies was one of relatively slow distribution of raw Xiao and other non-square liquor, resulting in a price increase of less than Puffy's price increase; and two reasons for the high growth in the series and the higher share of sales.
We believe that the high growth in the series will continue, with a continuing impact on the rate; but the series itself is upgrading its products, and the rate is expected to rise gradually. Meanwhile, with the re-distribution of raw ginshaws and other non-standard products, the structure of the marketing of the mahogany will be the same.
Two, three fees have improved, and management capacity has improved. The sales cost rate for the reporting period was 5.14 per cent, a steady decline over the same period, and the scale effect was better demonstrated. Cash availability also ensured that the company’s finances were healthier. Intuitive analysis, the sales share of the company’s management costs continued to improve, reflecting economies of scale.
It is also an increase in management capacity. The net interest rate on corporate sales during the reporting period was 52.28 per cent, an increase of 3.10 pccs over the same period. This increase includes an increase in taxes and fees resulting from higher profits.
Third, how do we look at the future? Third, how do we look at the future?
Guotai reports a quarterly review of the impact of the delay in delivery, with price increases not fully visible, with a total shipment expected to exceed 9,000 tons, but the rate of increase falling due to the large pre-value base. And there is no apparent delay this spring, benefiting from spring supply, with four quarters expected.
More than 7,500 tons have been delivered in small digits throughout the year, growing faster in the first and fourth quarters, corporate resource tilt and consumer development, fast growth in alcohol sales, and sustained high growth over the next 2-3 years.
The increase in the sales of raw and non-suppliers will be fully visible, and the increase in the Māori and net profit rates is expected to increase. Because of the relatively low probability of direct price increases in the liquor industry, it is likely that the increase will be achieved through the spread of recovery channels.
The net profit margin. Method I, the establishment of a joint venture to recover 50 per cent of the profit from the channel; and method II, the increase in the direct business model and the cutting of profit from the channel. So even without direct price increases in the future, the net profit margin of the company is expected to continue to rise.
We believe that performance continues to grow high and certain, and that this year it will still support higher valuations, which are about 25 times more valid than in 2019. Of course, the price increases are smooth, the overall supply and demand constraints are tight, and the year-round plan is not too difficult to achieve, adding a series of liquor.
High growth, and we believe that the firm’s income and performance are still more certain.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.