On August 29, 2018, the semi-annual report was officially released. The company’s operating income was $82,264 million, an increase of 13.76 per cent over the previous year; and a net return to the mother.
In the first half of 2018, the company's operating income was limited to the Hong Kong Central Clearing-house (the agent)
This represents an increase of 13.76 per cent in the same year, a 65.76 per cent in the same year, and a 3.67 per cent increase in the same year in the non-net profit.
A robust growth has led to an improvement in the performance of the entire vehicle and key spare parts operations. Benefiting from the continued high profile of the heavy card industry, the company accumulated 672,000 cards in the first half of the year, representing a 15.1 per cent increase in the same year.
In the first half of the year, a total of 523,000 transformers were sold, an increase of 22.4 per cent over the same year, with a market share of about 75.2 per cent of the heavy card in the gear box, which continues to be a strong industry, with a generally stable level of Māori in corporate business.
It is expected that the six standards for light and heavy vehicles will be implemented in successive batches starting in 2019.
It was argued that the logistics override policy continuity, the tightening of environmental standards and the mandatory phase-out of the country's three-carriage policy group had increased operations by 2018-5-9, that sustainable policies guaranteed the sustainability of heavy card sales, and that environmental upgrading was expected to continue at a high rate.
The company acquired the second largest forklift in the world.
Report: - Direct beneficiaries of economic recovery: November 2009 - 8 - 10, 2009 acquisition of Dematek, full coverage of the logistics industry chain through the acquisition of companies. DeMartek smart logistics is located in the North American market, the business of the Keahu forklift is focused on the European market, and North America is largely rich.
Forklifts are monopolized, and in the future there will be a strategic synergy between the two, which, through complementarity of strengths, will help to open up both sides in the overseas markets of North America and Europe. We believe that with the research and development and technological capabilities of the company, Xue Rainflake will be able to build a new market.
In the future, the company will be in the lead in internationalizing the autonomous auto parts and components industry. The domestic automobile industry has slowed down, and sales of heavy cards have fallen faster than expected.
It should be 8x, 7x, and 6x. Based on the above, we give the company an “additional” rating.