The leader is strong and the barrier is expected to rise further \triangleright vs. 13.76 per cent) to reach a net return profit of 4,392 million (+65.76 per cent year-on-year).
Adjustment of supply and demand patterns in the logistics industry + environmental upgrading + capital demand to stimulate demand for heavy cards and engineering machinery \triangleright implementation, with an average vehicle load drop of about 18 per cent, resulting in existing heavy truck capacity and pre-regulation
Gaps that provide growth points for raising the demand for heavy cards; 2) March 2018, the State Department issued a three-year action plan for the battle against Blue Sky, which calls for a vigorous phase-out of old vehicles and the adoption of market data in priority areas: 29 August 2018
(a) Explicit compensation, restrictions on use, strict excess emissions regulations, etc., to advance the early phase-out of diesel trucks operating on standard basis in countries 3 and below and to accelerate the phase-out of thin combustion technologies and “the highest/minimum oil in the year”:
(c) Investment in fixed assets (excluding farm households) and real estate continued to increase in the first half of the year, with the same rate of increase in the market value of the share of circulationa (billions):
As a result, the industry is expected to benefit as a supplier of upstream spare parts by adjusting supply and demand patterns, managing environmental protection, adding up downstream capital demand, stimulating higher sales of heavy cards and engineering machinery.
Basic data: 30 June 2018 The market is firmly established. In the first half of the year: 1) The stockholding subsidiary, Shaanxi Heavy Motors Ltd., has a 12.5% market share for the sale of re-cards, 75.2% for the market for heavy cards, and 5 tons for the company.
The aircraft market sold 43,000 units, an increase of 40 per cent from the same year. The company sold 5 tons of loading machines with a motivation of 38,000 units, an increase of 43.7 per cent from the same year, with an increase of 43.7 per cent over the market and a significant share ahead of the market; 3) a total of 12l, 13l engines with 114,000 units, an increase of 12.9 per cent from the same year; engine products were heavy.
The stock market, the 5-ton loader market, and the 11-metre-plus bus market remain strong. The public sector maintains a leading position in many areas, with a strong leader. As the engine industry continues to grow in volume, high-end product penetration, companies, as industry leaders, are expected to rely on a customer base.
On the one hand, in the first half of the year, firms invested in R & D, and on the other hand, the holding subsidiary, the Shaanxi Heavy Vehicle, accelerated the product’s upwards and settled in the country.