The core of the heavy card remains unchanged, and external integration provides internal power for the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
The net profit from the return of mothers was $4.39 billion, an increase of 65.8 per cent, while the traditional master industry’s follow-up to the heavy card line continued to grow and the benefits of the core parts were differentiated. The company’s entire vehicle and key parts generated $40.6 billion and the benefits of the 18h1 heavy card cycle continued as a share of the income.
Increase by 5.3 percentage points to 48.7 per cent, with 84,000 heavy-card sales of gas under the wood-fueled umbrella, an increase of 14.4 per cent, slightly less than the overall industry 15.1 per cent, and a stable pattern of competition at the main plant of five heavy-weight cards. With regard to core spare parts, the trend of self-assembly engines in the main plant is clear, and companies use heavy-card engines.
The average annual price of the H1 heavy card engine was approximately $107,200 per station, and 17 years he was $102,800 per table, and the output structure of the big platoons increased; no self-matching trend was formed in the gearbox, with 523,000 sales, and the effect of the same extension integration continued to increase, with the company ' s internal growth momentum increasing.
The Ministry provided for a change in the corresponding accounting policy, with 18h1 asset impairment losses and credit impairment losses totalling approximately 280 million, representing a significant decrease in impairment losses of 950 million over the same period of 17 years. After removing the impact of the project, the net profits of the company's parent remained at over 40% growth. The company's profits were sensitive to the volatility of the Māori rate, with the Māori rate per Māori.
Contributions to the mother’s net profit of $390 million, an increase of 39%. Māori rates and net profits are expected to continue to grow as future corporate synergies are released.
The long-term integration of companies is based on the hardware support of logistics vehicles, forklifts, and new energy power systems, moving into smart storage logistics through the software applications of Dematic. Now that Keihu and Dematic are complementary to each other in the European and American markets, the future should be looked forward to.
Given the advantages of the company’s current valuation, the completion of decyclicalized layouts and heavy cards are expected to be maintained at a rate of more than 8% over the next three years.
In the next three years, sales are expected to remain high, valued 11 times as high as the company in 2018, with a 1-carat pole running robustly and steadily moving the industrial chain.
The company, based on a chain of heavy cards, acquired Bodouan, Lindh hydraulics, and completed the layout of the hydraulic system ' s industrial chain for the period 2008-2012;
The company’s main business structure: growing with the company’s global layout and outreach, the company’s main business structure is passed on.
In 2017, 43.7 per cent of corporate sub-intakes came from the whole vehicle and key parts; 38.5 per cent came from the forklift warehouse and supply chain solutions service; and 7.5 per cent came from the supply chain solutions service.
Non-car engines: 6.5 per cent from other non-main automobile parts and components: 3.7 per cent from other businesses. For the benefit of the country, 56.9 per cent of the gross domestic product is 56.9 per cent, while the corporate manufacturing business as a whole remains at 22.2 per cent, and the business lines are at 22.2 per cent.
The net profit from strength and repatriation is clearly explored. As the company moves forward with decyclicalization, the non-heavy card block industry gradually increases its profits, adding up to a new round of heavy cards that began in 2016, and 16 and 17 years of return to the parent bureau provides room for future growth.
Assumption 1: 1 January-July 2018, the size of the heavy-card-receiving car block has continued with a similar increase of about 8.8 per cent in the volume of sales in the industry. The third quarter has been accompanied by a downward trend in the demand for engineering vehicles, which has brought about an overall stabilization of the logistics car market, with expected annual high levels of re-card sales or a gradual decline in the industry:
Assumption 2: The forklift storage industry chain is accompanied by improved international market layout of the company, increased brand competitiveness, and a gradual increase in the Māori ratio
Eight-fold, seven-fold, a compound increase in net profit returns over the next three years is expected to remain above 8%. Given the advantages of the current corporate valuation, the completion of decyclical layouts and recard sales are expected to remain high over the next three years, giving companies no cause, no cause, and no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.