Ely's share is complete, the upstream original milk layout is accelerated, and Ely's share is announced: the subsidiary wholesome and the Chinese dairy industry finished their share on 11 January.
When the delivery is complete, wholesome directly holds 1,141 million shares of the medium-land milk industry, accounting for 43.75% of the shares that have already been issued, and becomes a controlling shareholder. The overall offer, Eli, is a 43.75% shareholding in the middle-land livestock industry, with the aim of increasing the company’s size to the upper edge.
Participation in pastoral resources is conducive to the consolidation of a leader. (1) Under the Stock Acquisition Agreement (1) the Hong Kong Stock Exchange transferred 430 million shares of the Chinese breast milk industry to the issuer and paid 1,659.7 million Hong Kong dollars in exchange for the issuance of 190 million regular shares; and (ii) yegu and greenfarmlands
Transferred 71,000 shares to issuers in exchange for 71,000 shares in the Chinese dairy sector. Upon the completion of the above-mentioned transactions, the Hong Kong Holdings and Yegu will hold 72.84 per cent and 27.16 per cent shares, respectively, of the issuers. (2) The main business of the Chinese dairy industry is that of pastures, including the production and sale of quality raw milk,
As a modern farm and ranching enterprise for cattle farming in China, there is a certain amount of farming, a model of operations covering a number of components, including cattle raising, cattle breeding, quality raw milk production and marketing, and a relatively well-developed industrial chain layout.
It will help to increase the company ' s participation in and control over large upstream livestock resources, and strengthen the public dairy industry. (3) According to the Middleland dairy industry announcement, an unaudited 10-month period as of 31 October 2020, shareholders are expected to outperform 236 million (a fair valuation of biological assets).
The gain of $104 million (after adjustment) and a significant increase in profits over 20 years is due mainly to higher prices and sales of raw milk, as well as to higher single milk production and the expansion of the herd. (4) According to our dairy industry tracking evaluation, published on 2 August 2020, the following are currently owned under the flag of Ili:
There are three large-scale ranching enterprises with a total stock of about 350,000 cows (40 per cent), Saikosin (44.78 per cent through a subsidiary) and Middleland dairy (43.75 per cent) and a total of about 350,000 cows; modern grazing land layouts at home and abroad are ongoing.
Depending on supply and demand, the original milk price will continue to rise, and upland pastures will benefit from lower costs and stable sources of milk. (1) From July 2020, the price of fresh milk will continue to rise throughout the country, at a rate of RMB/kg per month and + 10.2 per cent per cent per month. (2) The price of original milk will increase and support it from the supply end.
High-grade factors include higher costs of fodder such as maize, soybean, and herbs, higher intakes of cows imported, which are difficult to reduce in the short term. At the demand side, the demand for fresh milk is increased from basic and high-end white milk, pap milk, which is consumed mainly by self-purchasers, in the Cedric Consumer Index.
Data from the National Urban Family Sample Group show that, as of 6 November 2020, liquid dairy products were purchased and sold from their own sources, using the market price as of 15 January 2021.
"Ely shares: Recovering steady growth in the industry, investing in the company's costs." "Ely shares: locking in core talent with a long-term mechanism, highlighting repeated outbreaks, increased competition in the industry, and a sharp rise in the cost of raw materials.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: food processing
Figure 1. Average cost of fresh milk in the main production area
-The price of fresh milk in the country's main production area.