A quarter of a year is dragged by the epidemic, and the year's growth is steady, and the research assistant, Chai Ka Fai, has earned + 10.2 per cent of the year 2019, profit + 4.7 per cent of the year, less the net profit from the sale of the water power plant.
The company published its annual report for 2019, which generated business income of $30,226 million, an increase of 10.23 per cent in the same period; and its parent company ' s net profit of $3,762 million, an increase of 4.74 per cent in the same year, excluding the contribution of Zhejiang water projects to the return on investment, a profit of +18.4 per cent in the same year.
Of this amount, 2019q4, representing an operating income of RMB 7,749 million, a decrease of 6.76 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to the mother-in-law, RMB 898 million, an increase of 12.00 per cent in the same year; 100 million yuan, a decrease of 36.93 per cent in the same year.
As a result, work stopped in February, production returned to normal at the end of February, the industrial chain returned up and down.
Continued consolidation; increased industrial competition in 19 years, slight impact of the Māori rate in the distribution business, current downward pressure on the competition, active promotion of the resumption of work after 20 years of expected epidemic, strong March-April channel sales, effective recovery of the January-February gap, and Māori rates as raw materials prices fall and competition slows down
It is also expected to improve. 2) Industry clients focus on development. 19 years of sustained consolidation of the share of strategic clients, while at the same time strengthening of new clients, 20 years of q1 affected by the epidemic, slow payments in construction communications, engineering, energy, etc.
Accelerating the expansion of new markets such as 5g, with many new products under development and piloting, and 20q1 is expected to remain bright this year in a context of poor external environment, with household status continuing to be consolidated and operating profitability still under review: Māori rates continue to improve and low pressure
The number of customers in the industry has increased, the amount of photovoltaic-epc orders has increased by 3.29 billion degrees, contributing 2,444 million, the same year + 25 per cent, and profits are estimated at about 900 million; 2) household headlines have been consolidated, 20 years of policy clarity and business models have been innovating.
988mw, an increase of over 300 per cent in the same year, over 20 per cent in the domestic market, and the vanguard status, while companies will continue to innovate in the business model for domestic use; 3) pc milestone breakthrough, project 3 and néteau d ' appliance (601877)
In 19 years, the income of the pc was recognized at 3,856 million, compared to 77 per cent, and in 19 the domestic market was successfully evaluated as low-pressure and robust, with an improved Māori rate, with a bid line of 650.58gw, a break-through overseas, with 20q1 PVpc still at a higher rate of revenue recognition.
Quick, according to the company’s stock of projects, it's still growing faster this year. Component-making ends focus overseas, creating a first-tier supplier of high-efficiency components, with greater short-term pressure. In 2019, revenues were equal to + 10.2%, profits to + 4.7%, net profit to offset the impact of the sale of water-injecting plants was equal to the net profit.
+18.4% meets expectations. The company published its annual report for 2019, which generated business income of $30.226 billion, an increase of 10.23% over the reporting period; and its parent company ' s net profit of $3.762 billion, an increase of 4.74% over the same period, excluding the contribution of Zhejiang water to the return on investment of electricity plants, a profit of +18.4% over the same period, of which 2019 q4 generated operating income of $7.749 billion.
A decrease of 6.76 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 898 million yuan to the parent company, an increase of 12.00 per cent in the same year. q1 Production base in Jing Weyne State was disrupted by the epidemic, was affected by the spring festival in January, work stopped in February by the epidemic, delivery resumed at the end of February, the industrial chain resumed at a relatively slow pace, and low-pressure electrical plate revenues were estimated to have fallen by more than 20 per cent.
The fall in prices of copper, silver, etc., the raw materials upstream of the low-pressure appliances in the city is a positive contribution to the Māori rate, but increased competition in the industry has put pressure on Māori rates. The 20q1 Māori rate was 27.84%, an increase of 0.94 ptt, a decline of 0.65 pt, and the q1 commodity prices continued to fall, but the increase in the Māori rate of the low-pressure plate was not due to the low q1 opening rate.
Channel advantages continue to be consolidated. At the end of 19 years, he had 500+ core distributors, 4700+ priority secondary distributors, 100,000+ terminal channels, continued to improve distribution channel coverage, and the advantages of the channels continued to be consolidated; and emphasis was placed on the following:
The combination of services and regulation, the fine-tuning of regional markets, and the achievement of quantitative and qualitative control over distribution channels. 19 years of increased competition, a share of some of the overseas poles, and a slight impact on the Māori ratio of distribution services. Competition pressures are now subdued, companies are actively promoting the resumption of production after 20 years of epidemic, and channels are sold in March-April.
With the fall in the price of raw materials and the slow pace of competition, Māori industry clients have focused on strengthening the strategic customer base for 19 years, such as China, China Steel Group, White Cloud Electrics, Pastoral Shares, Gojia Dam Group, Business Enterprise, etc., while continuing to break through the new client base and move to Beguio Park.
Ten of the top 100 housing companies, such as New Energetic Property, have achieved high growth in sales to customers in China, China, China, iron and steel, China, China, Japan, China, and electricity. Twenty years q1 have been affected by the epidemic, with slow delivery in the construction, communications, engineering, energy, etc.
The rapid deployment of overseas markets, the establishment of overseas affiliates in Dubai, Viet Nam, Indonesia and Kazakhstan in 19 years, as well as the acquisition and acquisition of Italian distribution channels, and the accelerated expansion of overseas markets, estimated to have grown by more than 20 per cent in 19 years, with 20o1 still growing in a negative context of the epidemic, with short-term overseas epidemics still limiting the delivery of goods.
But demand has been delayed, and the increase in the epidemic throughout the year is still to be expected. A rapid expansion of new markets, such as 5g, with many new products under development and in the pilot phase, is expected to continue this year with bright spots in the context of a poor external environment, household positions continue to be consolidated, and operating for good.
Shows 1.18gw installed capacity of centralized power stations, distributed with 2.26gw distributed, with distributed capacity doubling. Growth, contributing to the main increase, generating 3.29 billion degrees of electricity in 19 years, contributing 2,444 million dollars in revenues, consolidating the same household leader position, 20 years of policy clarity, and changing business patterns in 19 years.
The annual household policy is clear, and although every w subsidy has dropped from 0.14 to 0.08, the rate of return for new installed households is expected to rise in 20 years, due to cost optimization. Meanwhile, companies will continue to innovate in the business model for household use, creating sunny house bipv, sheds full of bipv, and so on.
Introduction of value-added items such as online services, insurance sales, electricity vendor services, etc. to benefit from the flow. epc milestone breakthroughs and project reserves are abundant.
The 100mw pilot base project, the success of the domestic market in winning a bid for project 650.58gw, the overseas realization of the Dutch 103mw project, the winning 51mw project in Poland, etc. 20o1 photovolpc revenue recognition continues to progress faster, and the company’s project reserves continue to grow faster this year.
The manufacturing end of the component focuses on the overseas world and creates a first class of efficient component suppliers, with a high short-term pressure. In 19 years, the sales of the component were 3.73gw. year-on-year +20 per cent, yielding $5.62 billion, year-on-year -10 per cent. The price of the group price fell in 19 years, and the cost of sales of 20q1 was subject to short-term tariff fluctuations.
The cash flow was robust in 19 and the income and advance payments were recognized by epc. The net cash flow from operating activities was $4,999 million in 2019, an increase of 72.38 per cent over the same period. The advance of $901 million at the end of 20q1, a decrease of $337 million compared to the beginning of the year, mainly the impact of the recognition of income by epc. Accounts receivable at the end of the period amounted to $9,637 million, an increase of $998 million over the end of the period.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board