In 2023 and in 2024, the result of a double increase in the volume of food in the kitchen, 20241, the impact of the fall in the prices of the products was greater than the revenue generated by the increase in sales; the main cause of the fall in profits was the fall in profits.
The economy is gradually recovering in s09800520110002 and, although prices for major products have declined as a result of major events, sales of kitchen foods, feed raw materials and fat technology products have grown better than in the same period the previous year.
In 2023, the company sold 2,322,000 tons, or +8%, of its kitchen food business, mainly catering and food industry.
The volume of channel product sales increased considerably as the market recovered; operating income of $147.6 billion, equal to 6 per cent, was mainly the result of a fall in prices for major products that exceeded the growth belt of sales and increased market competition, leading to a decline in profits.
Reheating, however, the downstream consumer market has led to increased sales of retail and catering products and food industry channels, with a double increase in revenue from kitchen food operations. In particular, retail products have benefited from the Māori ratio of retail products, while the cost of raw materials has increased revenue, while flour products in catering and food industry products have been subject to increases.
Overall performance declined as a result of weak market demand, strong competition and the impact of low by-product prices. 2.687 million tons, or +14 per cent, were sold in feed raw materials and oil technology; $102.2 billion in operating income, Golden Dragonfish (300999.sz) 2023 semi-annual reviews: 2023q2 was returned to the mother ' s net profit
At $112 million, there is a clear period of pressure in the feed raw materials and fat technology industry, mainly due to low downstream farming profits and depressed demand. Forage feedstock and fat technology business performance declined, mainly due to poor downstream farming and feed demand in the feed raw material business.
Gold Dragonfish (30099.sz)-2023 - Quarterly Review: Food for kitchens is not well fed and prices for feed raw products such as soybean are lower than during the same period last year due to competition in the market and weak demand
Gold Dragonfish (30099.sz) - 2022h1
Ratings. Considering that the economy is expected to lead to improved demand as a result of a return to good and livestock production, we have adjusted the revenue from the growth in sales by companies; the fall in profits is mainly due to the low demand in downstream markets and lower profits in kitchen foods during the reporting period. 20241 is gradually recovering as the domestic economy recovers, although prices for the main products are dominated by major prices.
The impact has declined, but the sales of company kitchen foods, feed raw materials and fat technology products have increased better than the same period in the previous year, with double profits on kitchen food. Specifically, the company ' s 2024q1 harvest of 57,274 million yuan (6.17 per cent compared to 6.17 per cent), resulting in net profit to the mother of 882 million yuan (+3.30 per cent compared to the previous year) and non-return.
Figure 2: Golden Dragonfish single-season operating income and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Golden Dragonfish single-season net profit and increase (in billions, per cent) Kitchen food business: improved profitability of retail products, pressure on catering and food industry products. Public, 2023
The total sales of the Division ' s kitchen food operations amounted to 2,322,000 tons, or +8 per cent, and the sales of products from the main catering and food industry channels increased considerably as the market recovered; operating revenues of $147.76 billion, or minus 6 per cent, were mainly large. The fall in prices of major products resulted in a fall in prices that exceeded the revenue contribution of the increase in sales; and the Māori rate was higher.
In particular, the lower cost of profiting raw materials for retail products has increased revenue; flour products in food and food industry products have been affected by weak market demand, strong competition and low by-product prices.
The total sales of raw materials and oil and oil technology was 2,687 million, or +14 per cent; operating income was $102.2 billion, or +4 per cent, which benefited mainly from sales growth and a q3c increase; and the Māori rate was 2.19 per cent, or 1.62 pct, mainly downstream.
The low profits from farming are the result of demand suppression. Forage raw materials and fat technology performance has declined, mainly due to poor profits in downstream farming, low demand for fodder, and lower prices for raw feed products such as soybeans due to competition in the market and weaker demand than in the same period last year, leading to feed raw material performance.
The Māori rate for kitchen foods, feed raw materials, and fat technology has declined, with 2024q1 kitchen food operations returning with a robust operating cash flow and a slight slowdown in the efficiency of receivables and inventory turnover. In 2023 billion yuan (year-on-year +1958 per cent) in cash flow, mainly as a result of increased sales returns, lower procurement prices and changing procurement tempos
Investment proposals: The company’s diversification as a kitchen food leader is expected, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Given that the economy’s warming back to good and farm production is expected to lead to better demand, we have revised the company’s 2024-2025 profit forecast, and the author has assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author