On 29 April 2024, Golden Dragonfish issued a performance report for the first quarter of 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn The impact of the fall in prices has been greater than the revenue contribution of the increase in sales.
The decline has led to a decrease in sales returns and the impact of changing the pace of payments for purchases.  Good sales of core products, relative pressure on harvests.
Benefiting from the recovery of markets, sales have increased on a par, while the cost of raw materials has increased the rate of Māori in retail products. But relatively low prices have led to a decline in the harvest of catering and food products from industrial channels, in which flour is not available due to market demand.
In general, kitchen food still accounts for a double increase in sales and profits. Forage raw materials and fat technology, pressure is on, with the recovery of the economy and the recovery of palm oil prices.
Profitability of fat technology products is better than growth; downstream farming of feed raw material business is less profitable in the industry, demand for feed is weak and companies still rely on channels to achieve 1, " Golden Dragonfish" (300999): margins of profit
Sales have increased on the same basis, but prices for feed raw products such as soybean have improved due to competition in the market, and pipeline development has continued. 2024 - The weak demand has declined significantly over the same period last year, resulting in a decline in feed raw material harvests.
As a kitchen food leader, the company developed a new blue sea for cooking using the advantage of the supply chain, 3 and Golden Dragonfish (300999). The performance ring compares well with the size of the growth space created by the sinking of the company's channels and the warming of the market demand.
Rehabilitating, looking at the new volume of the kitchen business 2023 - Period, downstream fluctuations in demand, price fluctuations of raw materials, etc.  Introduction by the Food and Beverage Group
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.