Increase in the price of electricity and water, and growth of the green high-speed power supply on 18 August 2023, 34.47 per cent in the same year; deduction of non-net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 2.07 billion yuan in the same year
Inflated prices and controlled hydropower back on track: in the current year, the company controlled the Inzoo Sea dam management of the Gulf River power station \triangleright effects were eliminated, but as a result of water losses from watersheds, q2 controlled the generation of 933 million kilowatts of hydropower.
At the same time, electricity prices for electricity and water access increased by 4.6 per cent to 0.220 per kilowatt hour over the same period.
The year-on-year decline of 36.3 per cent in kilowatt hours was offset in part by an increase in the price of electricity from 16.7 per cent to 0.342 yuan per kilowatt in the same year.
The return on investment increased by 531 million yuan to 2.300 billion yuan, an increase of 30.1 per cent over the same period, while the supply of Sichuan electricity remains tight, underpinning the company’s participation in, and control of, marketed and traded electricity prices.
In mid-2022, the company was able to transfer its energy from the $1.6 billion replenishment, and its wind and light assembly will reach 30 gw or more at the end of the year. In addition, the Yagi River Water Wind and Light Integration Demonstration Base has been put into operation on a scale of approximately 1.43 million kilowatts and is promoting the mid-motivated dental level, the Mondigus, and the Kara Water.
Development of the power station and the two estuary hybrid pumping power plant, simultaneous promotion of the Rabba mountain wind power, Zala hill photovoltaic project, development of 3,72 million kilowatts of hydroelectric power and 1.2 million kilowatts of pumping capacity, and presentation of the first quarter evaluation of the wind and new energy sources of 143,023: performance surprises, growth and prices
2. Rapid performance report for 2022 on energy delivery in Kawakawa (600674.sh).
Queries: As expected, the Yagi River and the River have moved up to a higher level of energy operations.
Reference to company historical valuations and comparable corporate valuation levels for peer companies, valuations for 23 years at 16.0 times the value for company, 4. Arikawa energy drop (600674.sh) first coverage report: Ya \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.