The water is dying from rising electricity prices, and the water is expected to improve in the second half of the year.
The company published its semi-annual report in 2023, which generated 547 million yuan in revenue in the first half of the year, a year-on-year increase, which led to a decline in investment earnings and a significant increase in asset-liability ratios, mainly as a result of a decrease in hydroelectric power generation in river basins such as the Yagi River and the River.
Leung Yonan further increased access to clean energy project resources and project mergers and acquisitions. The water is running dry with rising electricity prices, and the water is expected to improve in the next half of the year.
According to the national electricity announcement, 34.690 billion kWh of electricity were connected to the Yagi River during the first half of the year (same-6.5 per cent), with an average cost of 0.325 kWh (same-+9.8 per cent); 13.42 billion kWh of electricity was connected in the second quarter (same-36.4 per cent) with an average cost of electricity to the Internet.
In the first half of the year, there was a general national water deficit, with electricity generation falling by 22.9% in January-June, 32.9% in June, and 8.2% in January-June, with electricity generation in Sichuan province falling by 47% in June.
During the year, as a result of the El Niño climate, there was a marked marginal improvement in hydropower output, with electricity power falling by 17.5% in July on a year-on-year basis, down by 16.4 pct from the June harvest. Ten% of the country’s capacity to manage the river is nearing completion, increasing the company’s interest in good-quality hydropower assets.
According to the major asset purchase plan of 5 January (second revision), the company proposes cash 10 per cent of the stock holdings of the Grand River Company, which is traded in the amount of $4.013 billion, held by a group of competing countries, and upon completion of the purchase, the share of the listed company in the Grand River will be raised from 10 per cent to 20 per cent.
As of 31 May 2022, Grand River owned the capacity of the installed plant holding 11.74gw, the equity holding capacity of 11.12gw, the authorized capacity of the installed plant holding 300 degrees of depth.
After the purchase is completed, the Department will increase the equity capacity by 1.11gw, which will help to increase the profitability of the company and will further increase the equity of the company’s good-quality hydropower assets.
After the completion of the business change registration process, asset purchases, complementarities, new energy growth space, 48 per cent of the Yagi River company has access to the Yai River Development Authority, which is currently in the Yai River.
The Watershed Wind and Light Integration Demonstration Base has produced 20,63 million kW in size, including 3.72 million kW of hydroelectric power, 1.2 million kW of pumping capacity and 1.43 million kW of fresh wind and wind energy, which will provide more than 30% of the installed growth space after the construction project is launched.
We expect that, in the wake of wind and light power, the company will continue to promote wind and light evaporation along the river.
Merger and development of electricity projects. Water availability is lower than expected: electricity prices on the Internet are lower; new energy projects are not expanding as expected; and inadequate capacity leads to an increase in water discards.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021 for research in the public utility sector.