Midpoint evaluation: short-term performance pressure, sustained investment in research and development Limited movement of people in cars and commercial vehicles, reduced demand for buses and increased competition in the industry, as well as exposure to upstream raw materials
Companies’ costs have increased as a result of multiple factors, such as rising prices for materials and rising transport costs. Technological trends such as convergence, low-carbonization, light quantification, etc., have led to sustained research and development around safety, energy conservation, comfort, and environmental protection.
The second quarter of the bus market is under pressure and is expected to recover in the second half of the year. In 2022, q2 q2 q2 q50s were sold, a decrease of 54% compared to the same year. As a result of more nationwide distribution of the epidemic, q2 q2 q2 q2 sales were driven by a “double carbon policy” on the new energy market, the impact of the global epidemic was reduced, and cars, buses, seats were reduced.
The bus market will continue to recover, and the industry is in a weak recovery phase. As the new energy overflow effects in the country are digested, the epidemic will end, the Wootong bus (600066.sh) -- quarterly harvests are dropping, short-term pressure on performance.
Repressed demand will continue to be released, and the industry is expected to be at a turning point. Under carbon neutralization, there is greater market space for overseas electric passenger vehicles; with large-scale application of 5g and expansion of business models, the urban microcycle bus market has the Wootong bus (600066.sh) - four seasons of single car net profit and weak industrial recovery.
In the short term, as the industry stabilizes, corporate profitability is expected to recover. The company's electric car has a global competition.
The four-dimensional profit model of business evolution expands. KIN Securities-Worn-600066 - In-depth Report: Cycles and Growth Resonance - below profit projections, maintaining a "buy-in" rating. Considering the impact of the epidemic on passenger traffic demand, we make a downward shift.
In the first half of 2022, the revenue was 8.3 billion yuan, a 15% decrease in the same year. The Woo-tung bus issued its semi-annual report for 2022, and in January-June 2022, the company achieved $8.3 billion in operating income, a 15% decrease in the same year; the net return profit was repeatedly affected by restrictions on the movement of people everywhere, reduced demand in the bus market and increased competition in the industry; it was also subject to upstream competition.
Companies’ research and development expenditures have increased slightly, following technological trends such as electricization, smart grid connectivity, low carbonization, light quantification, and continuing research and analysis around safety, efficiency, comfort, and environmental protection.
In the case of bicycles, there was a significant increase in the same year and a small drop in net profits. In the case of bicycles, 710,000 yuan was collected in 2022 for q2 bicycles, an increase of $255,000 in the same year; in the case of bicycles, the net profit was 0.8 million dollars, a decrease of $12,000 in the same year.
Over the course of 2022, when q2 was sold – 0.5 million – 54% of the year; 1622 – 36% of the year. Looking ahead, the impact of the global epidemic will diminish as the “double carbon policy” drives the new energy market, and the small bus, bus, bus, and passenger markets will continue to recover.
In keeping with the trends of electric motorization, smart network connectivity, low carbonization, light-quantifiable technology development, companies have conducted in-depth research around safety, energy conservation, comfort, environmental protection, and have made major breakthroughs in autopilot techniques, vehicle networking and smart-net cloud platform technology, multi-site fuel cell systems, etc. through years of autonomous research and development and systemic technological innovation.
(1) Auto-pilot technology, based on landscape applications, for industrial difficulties such as “decomposition of auto-drive vehicle environments, low integration of key parts and components, high safety needs”, electrical and electrical structures from the end of the vehicle, on the end of the road and on the cloud, auto-drive, cable control chassis, full vehicle safety, simulation tests, road coordination, cloud control platforms
(ii) Car-networking technology, where companies have developed trends around “software definition of cars”, in the case of “car-road-pipe-coated” vehicles.
Five major areas continue to improve the product sequence of passenger network connectivity, develop further and develop technology for car collage, big data, and saas (software, service) applications, and continue to produce industry-led smart network products. On vehicle and side terminals, combine a centralized domain electronic and electrical structure with soa (service-oriented) software platform planning.
Creates a series of high-quality, functionally stable vehicle terminals and roadside end-products. Car-based terminals allow full coverage of Utun's entire product according to the regulations, support the roll-out of projects centred on web-connection applications, and build competitiveness advantages in connection with the product's comprehensiveness, technological leadership and landscape applications; and road-side terminals.
Building links between roadside transport infrastructure and vehicles, interfacing roads and clouds, roads and cars, expanding the use of red-green lights, signal priorities, warning of blind areas, speed-limit alerts, etc., to meet the need for coordinated diversification of smart network passenger and vehicle paths.
Enhanced data analysis capacity for vehicle lcc (full life cycle cost) and efficient anti-breathing vehicle development and design, access to after-sales services, coordinated upgrading of vehicle safety, economy, etc., and after-sales services; on the other hand, improved fault control, energy consumption management, driver behaviour evaluation and charge management around efficiency needs of domestic and out-of-country purchase customers
Core scenario applications such as building fast-delivery capacity based on a unified platform, multi-brand vehicle management, providing clients with high-value smart operating systems and new energy integration solutions, and continuously increasing client size and satisfaction.
(3) Smartnet cloud platform technology, based on the trend of triple integration technology, the company combines deep with advanced technologies such as cloud computing, cloud storage, modern object networking, building a technology base for stable, efficient and low-cost cloud platforms, and enhancing the ability to connect the network.
Synergy of communication and perception, with the emphasis on the development of the Henan industrial Internet platform; the autonomous third-generation cloud, road cloud, cloud communications platform, which supports the standardization of the fit-out of million-grade equipment access and multi-source isomer protocols; and a 30 per cent reduction in core module decoding and data integration processing compared to the previous generation, resulting in interplating between platforms
High performance connectivity; autonomous data platforms that collect data, store, calculate and service as one, have the capacity to manage and apply full life-cycle data coverage, and data flow processing up to the 100-million level, storage and analysis capacity reached the pb level, enabling a one-stop one-stop data service that is operationally oriented.
(4) Multi-site fuel cell systems, where companies have developed rules-based and deterministic control methods based on high profile data and the working characteristics of spare parts, optimized fuel cell performance efficiency and service life, power cell useful life, etc., and increased vehicle economy and spare parts useful life; developed fuel cell smartness
Thermal management techniques have increased the residual heat use of the fuel cell system and further reduced vehicle energy consumption; optimized hydrogen system full-time monitoring, large-data-based early warning of failures, and fuel cell system health assessment techniques, and applied to fuel cell bus products to further improve vehicle safety and reliability.
(5) Secure and reliable electrical systems, with their security upgrades, the company has developed smart area speed control technologies that make it safe and manageable for vehicles to operate within the current speed limit area. With its energy efficiency upgrades, the company has developed smart energy management technologies that reduce energy consumption by more than 5 per cent; to improve the portability, scalability and integration of software.
Central computing platforms for high integration and separation from hardware and software have been developed for modularization, platforming and universal software architecture design. (6) Electrical systems, based on high-intensity data and artificial intelligence technology, have developed electrical system failure predictions
(a) Upgrading of the intelligentness of electrical systems with smart diagnostic systems; development of technology such as active short circuit control, gas pedal-like self-identification protection, double-circuit temperature sensor testing, and further improvement of product safety; development of the fourth generation of the central direct power drive series, with an increase of 15 per cent in the density of electrical circuits compared to the third generation;
(vii) Power cell integration and management, with the company upgrading the Utility Battery Security Protection Technology (Yess), and building
A five-fold system of vehicle protection, system protection, box protection, component protection, surveillance protection has been built to make the vehicle safer. The company's first-ever battery nitrogen protection system can maintain a nitrogen concentration of more than 98%, completely avoid burning and explosive zones of flammable gases, monitor nitrogen concentrations in real time and supplement them in a timely manner.
The risk of car combustion and explosion of power cells has been avoided, and the application has begun to be scaled up. Power-efficient heat management systems for batteries have been developed, platform matching of batteries for liquid cold fluid heat systems has been completed, the temperature of batteries has been increased evenly, consistency and safety has been quickly regulated, system temperature has been increased by 50 per cent, and battery life has been effectively extended.
The whole vehicle matching and testing of the bus radio pool management system was completed, reducing 90% of the low voltage beams in the battery system and the failure point for spare parts. Based on market performance, the upgrade enhanced the power cell population.
High-voltage collection and 24 malfunctions, such as soc (the battery system charge state), have developed risk early warning functions. Combined with large data cloud and vehicle end co-management, vehicles have been developed early warning of heat loss of control, full-time diagnosis of vehicle status, early detection of heat loss of control risks, proactive emergency containment, and security of passengers and property.
(8) Safety technology, the company spearheaded the design concept of the five safety songs (safe travel, hazard alert, intervention control, accident protection, rescue escape) and researched and promoted the application of electronic rearview mirrors, blind area assistive warning systems, intelligent auxiliary driver assistants 1 generation, side/end/bottom collision protection systems for new energy passenger vehicles, batteries
(ix) Energy-saving technologies, with companies considering integrated energy-saving solutions for people, vehicles, roads, etc. that affect energy consumption;
The product saves at least $10,000 annually on fuel for its clients. Specifically, the personnel component, through three generations of blue-core smart fuel-saving systems, proactively intervenes in and warns some drivers of undesired driving behaviour, achieves 3-6% of the fuel savings; and the vehicle component, improves the energy use of the whole vehicle by reducing the energy consumption of the vehicle attachments and driving resistance.
(a) Efficiency, such as achieving a minimum wind barrier factor of 0.334 for large rear road vehicles and a 80 per cent reduction in cooling fan energy consumption;
Comfortable, development of new technologies such as vibration and noise, smooth and manoeuvring stability, air quality in the vehicle, kinetic system vibration control techniques, bone-stamp optimization techniques, electro-controlled air suspension ecas second generation, anti-morbidity technologies, in-car health management platforms, etc.
Eight minutes of air change, 99.8% pm2.5 cleaning in one hour, 98% bacterial purification, and a comfortable and healthy ride environment. Through technological innovation, companies have developed hybrid power, plug-in, pure electric power, fuel cell co-platforms, creating internationally competitive new energy users of 5-18 metres.
Car products, market ownership, continued to be the top industry, and accelerated the process of integration development planning landing and technology research and development (R & D) and continued implementation of smart network technology R & D and related projects, while new energy technologies continued to have a leading advantage.
Future cycles and growth are expected to coincide with the reduced impact of the new crown epidemic, the digestion of the new energy overflow effect, and the export of electric buses, the acceleration of smartness, and the company’s role as a mid-point guest. Periodicity: new energy overflow digests, the impact of the epidemic diminishes, and the industry is expected to turn.
In the third year of the new energy overflow effect, the fifth year of tourism in road vehicles and group digestion of the new energy overflow effect is at an advanced stage; the passenger line in road vehicles, which has undergone an eight-year business replacement cycle, is expected to be stable. 3) With the spread of vaccines both within and outside the sea, the demand for domestic public transport, tourism, passenger transport and export suppression is expected to be released.
Growth: Electric car exports, smartness to catalyze. 1) In the context of “carbon neutrality”, Europe has been catalyzing through the European Climate Act and Biden's election, overseas electric buses are expected to expand its market for effective exports, and thousands are expected to expand. 2) With the large-scale application of 5g, public transport intelligence will accelerate, with business models for traditional bus enterprises.
The size of the market will be raised from $50 billion to $200 billion in terms of solutions and packages. If the market for operating services is taken into account, about 200 billion more space will be created. 3) The number of bus buses in the bus market (about 24%) is much smaller than in the road bus market (about 50%), and as new energy subsidies fall, the pattern will improve and companies will take over.
Select 1) Bialdi is a company that is listed in the bus industry close to the U.S. bus business; 2) and U.S. bus have a comparison of the competitively competitive global brand of white horses with white glass, wood power, and a pe-based assessment.
(b) Schedules: Financial forecasts and valuations. Authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author