For the first time, it's covered by rockification transitions.
Sex and intelligence drive brands to keep them up. In the case of end-to-end models, Chinese intellectuals are expected to continue to lead the industry, and brand names are expected to benefit.
First, the high-end location of the brand is basically established, leading the lead industry, and the profit level has gone into the fast track.
Cyrus asked the world to lead the high-end transformation and to leapfrog in profitability; first to buy.
Motion brands keep going up. Queries m8 and m9 enter the traditional bba luxury brand market, break down the market, market sales lead, brand high-end positioning is basically well established, leading Cyrus Mauricio to lead the business, profit levels, and fast-tracking. We expect the transfer of m7 to be released in the second half of this year, which will help upgrade the vehicle.
The rate of domesticization of new high-end energy markets has been steadily rising, asking the world about branding high-end modifiers, which has led to a rise in the profitability of Cyrus. As consumer demand for intellectualization and high-quality travel experience rises, high-endization has become one of the core trends in the development of new energy vehicles in China in 2024.
In the interior, 2.6 million vehicles, or more than 23 per cent, were sold in the higher end of the energy cycle, with the autonomous brand market accounting for nearly 58 per cent of the total.
High-end layout. The sale price and profits of Cyrus' bicycles rose to 27.6% of 1q25 Māori, a significant leader in the industry. In April of this year, M.C. was listed, with more than 12,000 vehicles sold in May, and in June, H.C. came to China as an intellectual leader, looking to strengthen China's attributes and intelligence levels.
On the other hand, in the current trend, large perception models (learning-based) have become the mainstream, with leading sales and data-scale leading car companies having greater data storage capacity.
Car companies are growing in size, and Chinese intellectuals are expected to take the lead. Insights are working together, and it is expected that China’s attributes and intelligence levels will be strengthened, and industry leadership will continue to be maintained.
In 2025, the total sales of m8/m9 reached 53%, and the average driving car price rose to 297,000 Lei Yoo, phd, cfa, 22 times the 2026e rate. We look forward to the further expansion of Cyrus in high-end markets and its expansion.
Cyrus has deepened its cooperation with China and will further strengthen China as its attributes and intelligence after it has gained a sense of purpose.
Questioning the traditional bba luxury brands market, with their respective niches leading, branding high-end positioning is basically established, leading Cyrus Mauricio to lead the industry, and the profit level is on the fast track. We expect that M7 will be released in the second half of the year, and it is hoped that it will be upgraded.
The high end of the new energy market has steadily increased the national production rate, asking the world that brands have been strengthened as attributes, high end-moderative fundamentals have been established, leading to a rise in Cyrus’s profitability. As consumer demand for intellectualization and high-quality travel experience rises, high-end development has become one of the core trends in the development of new energy vehicles in the country.
At the highest end of the country, 2.6 million vehicles, or more than 23%, are sold in new vehicles, with autonomous brands accounting for nearly 58% of the total. The search for new brands is fast-tracked by the Chinese for depth, with M9 re-engaging the high end suv pattern from $450,000 to $600,000 in inter-district sales, and M8 further consolidating the high end layout.
The sale price and profits of Cyrus' bicycles rose to 27.6% of the 1q25 Māori ratio, a significant leader in the industry. In April of this year, m8 was marketed, in May, more than 12,000 vehicles were sold, and in June it rose further to 21,000.
Right. We expect to release M7 in the second half of the year, where the new energy car market is now highly competitive, and where the 25-35 million suv market is becoming more competitive, asking for pressure from ideal, millet, and so on. Refunds in 2025 will strengthen their competitiveness by boosting and partially upgrading their product strength.
It's possible to change the size and configuration of the seat, appearance design, intelligent configuration, and power systems, and it's a smart lead industry, looking to strengthen its attributes and intelligence levels. It's an acceleration of product overlaps in smart cabins and intelligent driving, and it's now being updated to harmonyos5 and ads4.
In the current trend, we believe that most of the entire garage will move from the former traditional neural network plus rule algorithms (based on rules) to a large perception model (based on learning). Large model development will require sustained research and development by car companies, ensuring that the end-to-end model is a “right loop” scenario.
Under the circumstances, leading sales and data-scale leading cars have a greater amount of data storage. As they're already on board, they're on the M5/m7/m9, Aveta 11/12, the intellectuals s7, and as they grow in size, they've increased their sales under branding, and they're expected to take the lead on the size of the data.
Most car companies. In 2024, deep-seated and enhanced properties are expected to maintain a leading position based on Tower’s brand power and intelligence.
The introduction of high-end cars like m9 not only boosts the price of bicycles and Maori, but also enhances the expectations of the capital market for the growth of Cyrus. We compare Cyrus with the new forces of enterprise (pills, bells, ideals) and the private Wall and Gilly cars.
See, at the level of the asp, with the help of high-end products such as m9 in the question world, the asp jumped significantly to $280,000 in 2024, close to the ideals and aspirations. At the Māori rate, Cyrus is far above his peers, with the Māori rate reaching 27.6% in 2024, leading the second-tier ideal and the Wall (the Māori rate is about 20% right).
With the transition, we expect the combined sales of m8/m9 in 2025 to reach 53 per cent, the average driving car price rises to $297,000 and the Māori rate rises to 27.1 per cent, while at the same time we expect a further net interest rate for Cyrus.
Asking the world about the high-end nature of branding, which establishes that profit-making power leads the industry, core view: As the demand of our consumers for intellectualization and high-quality travel experience rises, high-endization has become a central trend in the development of new energy vehicles.
Car sales amounted to 2.6 million vehicles, or more than 23 per cent, of which the autonomous brand market accounted for nearly 58 per cent. In China’s depth, the search world quickly completed a brand search, m9 re-created high-end suv patterns in the 450.6 million yuan zone, and m8 went to the market to further consolidate its high-end layout.
High-end vehicle-type product structure, with a double price and profit increase of 1q25 Māori, up to 27.6%, is a major leader in the industry. The world of inquiry has become a model in our autonomous high-end wave, and has also proven the powerful penetration of the "Wassa + Cyrus" smart model in high-end new energy markets.
In April of this year, more than 12,000 vehicles were marketed in May, and with strong product power, it is expected that China’s inner-land market will be ranked first, with m8 stable-state monthly sales estimated at about 15,000. China’s upper-end new energy-car market: Autonomous brand captures the opportunity for a shift in consumption demand.
According to the breakdown of prices, the country’s passenger vehicle market can be divided into high-end and non-high-end vehicle-type markets. As consumer demand for electric, high-tech configurations and intelligent experiences grows, more high-end brands are accelerating the layout of their new energy sources, car models.
In mid-2024, the Chinese Automotive Industry Association and Frost Sullivan recorded 2.6 million new power sources in the interior, accounting for 23.4 per cent of the total market for new energy vehicles in the interior of China and an estimated 320/390/44 million in the upper end of the interior of the interior in the middle of 2025-27.
e = Frost Sullivan predicts a general downward trend in recent years, with the combined sales of high-end luxury brands in China and China.
Chinese brands have grown weak in sales and some of their share in the market has continued to shrink. Behind this trend is both the impact of changes in consumer preferences and market restructuring, as well as a reflection of the slow pace of foreign brands in terms of intelligence, electricization, transformation, and the difficulty of meeting our consumers' high-tech configurations of smart cabins, high-level intellectual driving, etc.
At the same time, the autonomous branding of the new, sophisticated energy vehicle, with faster product rotations and closer proximity, has risen rapidly.
A functional design of local demand is gradually moving upwards in brand perception. A self-styled high-end brand, which is presented as a question, ideal, and a substitute, not only faces the traditional luxury fuel truck between price zones, but also achieves an intelligent experience of a "overturn" that creates a competitive advantage in a market of more than $300,000.
High-end new energy vehicles sold to 1.5 million (2021: 200,000) and 57.7% (2021: 25%) of the market share of high-end new energy vehicles in the Mainland (2021: 25%). With the continued introduction of new products and the enhancement of smart functions by autonomous brands, Frost Sullivan expects that, in 2025-2027, new high-end energy sources will be used by autonomous brands.
Two and a half million vehicles will be sold, accounting for the overall high-end new energy multipliers in the mainland Chinese market.
The main brands available in Cyrus include the question world, dfsk, blue power, and swig. Among them, the question world is a representative of high-end brands that contribute to the company’s main sales. To date, the question world brand has successfully launched M5, m7, m9 and m84 models covering the 20-600 million renminbi price belt. According to Marklines, the question world is 2024.
389 million branded sales, of which m5/m7/m9 were 3.8/19.8/151,000, respectively. With the support of a powerful Chinese technology, a wide range of vehicles, ranging from smart cabins to a high-level intelligent driving system, has been able to achieve a successful high-end breakthrough through coordinated hardware and software innovation across the board.
The market, long dominated by bba, has limited supply and entrenched competition patterns, and consumers have a relatively homogeneous choice.
The configuration, such as ar-hud, triple screens, full-car door, laser radars, and pan-view sound systems, often requires extra price increases in imported luxury cars.
In the case of smart driving, m9 rides are forads, which support high-speed and urban noa driving aids, and are not dependent on high-precision maps, and can quickly adapt to the actual driving environment, which outperform most of the imported models.
The Benz e-class, BMWx5 model, though well known for its long history, asks the world, with its brilliant intellectual technology and balanced product power, that since it was listed, these traditional and powerful market shares have been constantly challenged, and competition patterns in the high-end suv market in China’s interior market have been strongly rewrite.
The Chinese mainland market of $450.6 million and the Chinese mainland market of $450.6 million and the Chinese market of M9 in 2024 was ranked first in the country. M9 was in the market of $450.6 million and the Chinese price of 2024 was at that price according to the Internet.
The market size of the Chinese and Chinese areas is approximately 730,000, with cr3/cr5 accounting for 55/75 per cent, and the market concentration is relatively high. The breakdown of market pattern sales in Suv of $450,000 can be divided into roughly two echelons: Cyrus (601127ch).
4 First Platoon: Quest m9 and Mercedes glc, with more than 150,000 vehicles sold, with more than 20% of the city. Benz glc, as a representative of traditional luxury medium suv, keeps annual sales of more than 100,000 vehicles in the Mainland market, which is a major competition for m9.
The brand appeal, the mature power system, and the good sense of driving, Benz glc is favoured by middle-income users who focus on brand shape and driving stability, especially in the first-line cities, where there is a high retention rate. Question area 9 has grown rapidly since it was marketed in late 2023, making it the country’s largest market growth in the full-sized suv market.
One of the fast smart cars. The reason why users choose m9 is mainly because their leading intellectual experiences (e.g., ads high-level intellectuals, hamonyos cabin), spacious and comfortable car space and better value for money, especially in home travel and high-frequency commuting scenes.
Overall, glc represents the traditional luxury of stability, while m9 is the powerful challenger of the new generation of intelligent luxury suv. 5-100,000 annual sales, with a city ratio of 8-12%.
But in higher markets, users have a stronger preference for brand height, technology sense, and luxury experience, so at a price band of $450,000 to $600,000, users have a better preference for m9. BMW5 is the champion of the price segment in the fuel age, ui/interactive tradition, intellectual driving, etc.
However, with a deep user profile and enhanced terminal preferences, the sales ranking remains at the top three.
Question area 8 was listed on April 16, 2025, with a price of $35.98-449.8 million, and a large suv in positioning, using the incremental power to provide 5/6 layouts. Questioning area brand product matrices when listed is even better, with the price band extended to $200,000.
The total market size of the 35-45 million Suv market in 2024 was about 1.1 million vehicles, with a small difference in the model of the market supply, with a competitive pattern of “slots of flowers” and an overall lack of visible leaders, with cr3/cr 5 standing at 33/47 per cent.
In the 35-45 million suv market, the sales can be divided into two echelons: the first echelons: the traditional bba (Audiq5l, BMWx3) and the ideal series of 8-15 million annual sales. The 35-45 million suv market has also been broken down by the traditional luxury fuel truck bba.
In the lead, the ideal is to cut into the price belt through the ideal one, followed by the ideal l7, l8, l9, which meets the needs of five and six different court users. According to the limousine data, in 2024, the combined sales of the car types were nearly 300,000, with a market share of about 27%. The traditional bba (Audiq5l, BMWx3) is branded and manipulated.
The advantage of control and stability remains the sales advantage of over 100,000 vehicles per year. Second echelon: BMWx1 and Urees6 and other vehicles with less than 80,000 vehicles and less than 10% of the city ' s share.
The autonomous brand of Suv, a segmented market of $35-45 million, compares with Cyrus (601127ch) Cyrus (601127ch).
Of the new energy models, the main competitions for the m8 include ideal 1.8, ideal 1.9, collar 900, and higher price fields M9 and Urees8. Compared to the ideal and lead vehicles, the field has a certain advantage in intelligence, branding, space, etc.; and its value for value compared to the field for the m9 and Urees 8.
In summary, we believe that Quest 8 is expected to be the first market to break down, and steady-state monthly sales are expected to reach 15,000. According to Quasi Network data, Quest 8 was released in April 2025, and as of May, it was sold.
In May of that year, the monthly sales of the brands returned to more than 35,000 vehicles. High-end-driven profit leaps: Cyrus Mauricio led the vanguard car company, asked the high-end branding of the brands to significantly increase Cyrus’ brand influence and profitability.
The introduction of high-end cars like m9 not only raised the price of bicycles and Māori rates, but also enhanced the expectations of capital markets for the growth of the racers. We will race.
On the whole, Cyrus sales are not as close as Gilly and Wally, and the new power brand ideal, but as a result of the higher average sales price (asp) of the brand name, the Maori of Cyrus leads the front business.
• Sales: Cyrus is close to the ideal car and is on the same team. The profit is in the lead with more than 2.17 million vehicles sold throughout the year, full coverage in the segmented markets with a rich fuel + new energy mix; the Great Wall is based on the fuel suv series of Tohafo, tanks, etc., and the new energy layout is steadily moving forward, with 1.23 million vehicles sold throughout the year.
Cyrus sells nearly half a million brands every year, close to the new power brand ideal (500,000), and Peng and Amer are selling around 200,000 brands every year.asp: Ideas and Wen hold the high-end market, asp maintains the first team at the level, 2024.
Not 290,000 dollars and 300,000 dollars, Cyrus used high-end products like m9 in 2024, with the sum of US$ 1 16,000 in 2024. Gilly and Great Wall, respectively, with typical walking traditions, will raise the volume of new energy-dependent high-end brands (e.g., kryptonite, Wei) in the future.
The combined sales and revenues of the five companies in 2024 were ranked as Gilly and Wall: "Ideals and Cyrus" and Pelican.
Māori ratio: Cyllis Etowa is an empowering, high-end product with a strong premium, and a Māori ratio is far higher than that of his peers, with a Māori ratio of 27.6% in 2024, in the first echelons. Ideas and the Wall are in the second echelons, with a Māori ratio of around 20%. Ideals are based on a high-end product structure with Māori sales on the same basis as Māori.
Step-by-step growth, with excellent cost-control capabilities, Māori at a steady rate of 20.5 per cent in 2024 in the first echelons of the new forces; Wall cars with mature supply chain and size advantages in the fuel vehicle sector, while high-end and Gilly are in the third echelons, with Māori at around 15 per cent.
However, there is still much room for improvement due to the low and limited scale effects of the product, the 14.3 per cent Māori ratio in 2024, and the rising share of the new energy structure, which is still high but limited by high R&D and marketing costs, coupled with insufficient sales, remains low in Māori areas.
The core view is that Chinese products in smart cabins and intelligent driving are accelerating and are now more sophisticated.
New to harmonyos5 and ads4. On the intellectual side, we think that most of the plants, based on current trends, will move from the traditional neural network plus rule-based algorithms (based on rules) to the perception large model (based on learning). The development of large models will require continuous research and development by car companies, which will guarantee the end-to-end model.
In a “right loop” situation, leading sales and data-scale leading car companies have greater data storage. Ads are already in a car type like m5/m7/m9, Aveta 11/12, the intelligence community s7 and, as China is growing as a cooperative car company, it has increased its sales under branding, and it has increased its sales volume.
With deep collaboration, it is hoped that the Twilight branding and intelligence levels will continue to maintain a leading position. The case of smart car tags: "Won's + Cyrus" drives the rise of deep coordinated questions.
In 2019, a smart car solution was formally established, initially under the ict business block. China has always adhered to the principle of non-carrying, working with car manufacturers through three models: “suppliers, hi (huawai inside) and smart car selection.” Under the smart car selection model, China works with car manufacturers.
Automotive companies work in full synergy in branding, research and development innovation, and channel development. China is deeply involved in the design and development of car models, and provides high-intelligent technical support and channels.
In comparison with the brands of other intelligent car selection models, the question community is in the lead in brand recognition, product completion, consumer slogans, and sales performance, becoming the most representative success story of the “Wo for car selection” model.
Ben. In particular, the high sales of m7 and m9 have fully validated the high-impact synergizing model of “Wah for definition + Hulius” to make it a sign of Hwa's strategy to hit the ground. In 2024, Hung Moji cumulatively delivered 444,956 new vehicles, of which 379,051 were contributed by the Quest series, with a high proportion of the population.
85.2 per cent; intellectually, about 57,956 vehicles, or about 13 per cent; and 7,949 vehicles, or 1.8 per cent, representing a significant lead in the field of inquiry.
Inner integration of four dimensions of creation, brand synergy and channel integration. 1) China provides Cyrus with a full-blown, intelligent solution covering core technologies such as intelligent driving, smart cabins and car connections, as well as deeper participation in the definition and adaptation of the whole product, which significantly improves product competitiveness. 2) At the product level, both sides are in the car.
The high degree of synergy across the process, such as planning, R & D and manufacturing, makes the product more precise to match market demand, and the success of the m7 and m9 is a direct reflection of this collaboration. 3) In branding, China is a powerful technology influence and brand appeal that quickly builds user trust and high-end image for the question community, brand dissemination and branding.
There is also an efficient synergy in marketing activities. 4) On the one hand, with the Chinese network of shops covering the entire country, Cyrus (601127ch) has been able to integrate the "Technology brand + auto products" channel, reaching through digital marketing tools.
In addition, Fulbright gave China full support in terms of capacity security, R & D inputs, and organizational response, demonstrating flexible production-control capabilities in response to the surge in demand in the market, while working closely with the Chinese technology team.
This combination of depth from product to delivery of the whole chain allows the question community to quickly open the market, achieve a monthly sales of 40,000 vehicles, continue to lead the smart car camp, and, further, demonstrate the replicability and sustainable competitiveness of the “Wasam + Cyrus” model.
But real deep integration began in late 2021, when both sides jointly launched the first cooperative-car-like m5.
The model marked the first time that China had been deeply involved in the definition of the whole product, the design and marketing of the smart cabin, and the partnership had moved from technological synergies into the creation and branding of the product. In 2022, the Chinese market was further opened by the M7 and the flagship model was released at the end of 2023.
Question area 9 is a complete combination of Chinese capabilities in intelligent driving, the Hong Meng module, laser radar, and so on, establishing the competitiveness of the question world in the field of new energy at the high end. In 2025, Frys launched a completely new and medium-sized suv question area m8, located between m7 and m9.
Step-by-step product matrix, covering 300,000 to 500,000 yuan space, to consolidate the brand ' s high-end layout. Question m8 is expected to continue the high-level configuration of m9 on the Hong Meng module and the ads driver, which will be the backbone of the matrix of the core m5, m7, m8 and m9, which is the balance between the main move and profit.
The increase in sales has also accelerated the overall transformation of Cyrus from a traditional surrogate role to an intelligent whole-car enterprise. On August 23, 2024, Cyrus’s fully-owned subsidiary, the Cyrus Motors, paid $11.5 billion.
Cash acquisition is a 10% equity interest in technology (innovaauto) for subsidiaries, forming a tripartite shareholder structure with China (80% shareholding) and Avita (10% shareholding) under the banner of Chang An. To maintain the principle of “no car manufacturing,” China focuses on its own advantages in ict technology and channel marketing, and is intelligent.
Car clouds, smart network connections, smart seating, intelligent driving to the five main areas of smart motor power, all-embracing cars, building the ideal smart car. As a platform for hosting technology, China’s core technological capabilities in smart driving, smart cabins, cloud platforms, etc., are the key vehicles for the export of smart car technology.
Figure 19: The five strategic points of technology in which we're looking at the solution to drive smart cars.
This investment not only strengthens Cyrus’ strategic layout, but also enhances the high-end properties of brands.
A strong strategic partnership, Cyrus will accelerate technological and product innovation in the area of smart cars, and consolidate its market leadership. At the same time, as an early investor in China’s new smart car company, Cyrus is expected to benefit from the expansion of the business, including direct investment gains, brand value enhancement.
This level of association has led the two sides to move from their original deep partnership towards closer strategic synergy. So far, the leading car companies have been Céles and Avita under the banner of Chang-Ann.
Cyrus has a strong ability to develop and develop autopilot algorithms. Cyrus’s presence has helped him to achieve deeper participation and mastery at the core of intelligent driving and to fill his high-level intellectual skills.
On the board, it reduces reliance on external suppliers. In the current context of intelligent driving becoming an intelligent electric car “watershed”, this layout is very important for its ability to upgrade the moat and achieve nuclear-heart autonomy.
High-end positioning. With long-term and deep collaboration with China, Cyrus has priority access to key technological areas such as computing, chips, operating systems, which not only provide a powerful technological support for its intelligent development, but also help build long-term competitive advantages.
Acquiring China's core technological capabilities in intelligent driving and smart cabins, including advanced autopilot algorithms, high-precision perception systems, and more intelligent human machines, makes a significant contribution to the intellectual and market appeal of the entire car. As a guide to our smart car solution,
The leader, Hua, has been in the forefront of the industry in terms of hardware and software capabilities, algorithms, data, and arithmetic, and has provided a solid and comprehensive support to Cyrus. It will enable the question community to strengthen its role as a co-builder of Chinese wisdom and ecology in its external communications and increase consumption.
They have confidence in their technological credibility and long-term development, especially in the cognitive advantage of creating a "tech brand" in high-end markets. In Cyrus' marketing activities, they can be so cleverly integrated into the elements of the company that attracts attention; and they can use high-end platforms such as the Chinese launch for their products to promote their power.
In the first half of 2024, Chinese income for smart car solutions has passed $10 billion, far more than it would have been.
In 2022 and 2023, the total annual income was combined. This leap was mainly due to a large sale of new m7 and m9 vehicles in collaboration with Cyrus, which led to a strong growth in overall business.
In the first quarter of 2024, a loss was reversed, and the carbu was close to the overall balance of gains and losses. That's not the only indication that the carbu is achieving the key to a “profit release period” from the technology input period.
The switch also injects strong growth confidence and investment value into the hope of being a core asset. Hua is currently in the first tier, and ads4 is the first to move to a level 1-3 autopilot, where algorithms, arithmetic, and data are the three core elements in the evolution of autopilot technology.
The introduction of the transformer+bev architecture has boosted technological leaps in the industry, but the real measure of technological strength is still the ability of the city’s noa to land. According to current production progress, the city’s noa manufacturer is in the first row, with high speed noa capabilities in the second row, and only basic 12 functions are supported.
In the 3rd Platoon. In the 1st Platoon, the Chinese model — including the question world, Avita, the extreme fox, the intellectual world, etc. — has taken the lead in achieving “one-size-fits-all” urban competence, creating a leading edge; while brands such as Peng and others maintain their own rhythms and continue to drive the coverage of noa in the city.
Figure 22: Intelligent driving patterns in China and China 2Tslafsd supports parking spaces to the parking spaces, but is not yet on the ground in the country
Three or four pelicans and millimeters are in the van.
In April 2025, a number of technological upgrades and functional enhancements were made on the basis of ads3. The ads4 uses a brand-new wewa architecture consisting of the cloud-end world engine (worldengine,we) and the vehicle-end world behavioural model (worldactionmodel, wa).
Faster, more silkier, less effective, less effective, 20 per cent more efficient, less severer sensors, including 4 laser radars, 1 192 line laser radar, 3 solid-state laser radars, and 4d mm wave radars. The version is in system architecture, safety and user experience.
Three core dimensions have evolved to provide a safer and more intelligent driving experience. On the Arithmetic platform, ads4 carries up-to-date mdc platforms (e.g. mdc810), which provide powerful computing support for more complex urban conditions and parking scenes.
Low reliance on high-precision maps, leading by means of a common barrier detection (god) capability, to “go to high-precision maps” in urban noa (intelligent navigation aids driver) so that users can use navigation aids without having to download maps in advance in more than 40 cities.
The city has expanded to a national extent to complete red light recognition, unprotected left turn, barriers, etc., advanced features such as car parking, compared to base apa/rpa capabilities in ads3, with greater success and utility.
On the whole, ads4 not only achieved "high speed" but also went beyond urban intelligence, driving bottlenecks, and the experience of "usable, useful, commonly used" products, which became a leap-up for China's full intellectual ability. Ads4 provided four versions: basic, pro-enhanced, max overboard.
The ultra version supports high-speed L3 autopilots with all-embracing smart driving capabilities, such as vpd, parking spaces to parking spaces (p2p). The ads4 system plans to achieve commercialization in a multi-cooperative model, with the Eastern Wind under the flag mam 817, Chiriji.
In addition, it is planned that new models such as map free, deep blue, wide-aerobic, avita, and North Air will be launched for the first time on a dry-ads4 system. In addition, it is planned that car models such as question m8, question m9 and access s9 extension will be upgraded to ads4 in the third quarter of this year.
The future end-to-end route is expected to lead to a further breakthrough in intelligence, with the advantage of data size. The end-to-end break the boundaries between the traditional auxiliary driving system modules of perception, decision-making, control, etc., integrating these three into a unified neural network, directly exporting the driver's instructions through the neural network, rather than relying on them.
Artificial rules. The advantage of this is that we can model our human driving behavior through big real-life data training models, and have a stronger generalization in the face of complex driving scenes. Since Tesla released fsdv12 in August 2023, our manufacturers have been fast-tracking, and we have learned to be smart, small peng,
In April of 2024, China dropped its bev network for the introduction of end-to-end architecture, which enabled it to learn through the God network.
The leap from "other barriers" to "scenario understanding" not only identifies white list targets and alien barriers, but also knows the structure and landscape of the road. For ads3, China uses self-researched mdc810 chips to make it truly autonomous. At the technical level, we believe that most of the entire factory will be owned.
The previous traditional neural network plus rule algorithm (rule-based) shifted to a large sensor-end model (based on learning Cyrus (601127ch) Chart 24: Trends in integration of autopilot modules
By comparison with similar products, we believe that the Chinese intellectual product has a leading edge on the end-to-end route, mainly in the following areas: the Chinese intellectual driving system has been equipped with a multi-car model, and with the increasing number of cars and sales, the Chinese intellectuals have a data-scale advantage in end-to-end model development and development.
In February 2024, Dong Fung joined the Chinese model of cooperation.
The number of vehicles sold in the first five months of 2025 is approximately 246,000, which exceeds most of the new powerful companies. Large models require continuous research and development by car companies.
Inputs, in the case of a guaranteed end-to-end model, “right loop,” lead sales and data-scale lead cars have greater data storage. We believe that, with the growing size of cooperative cars, China is branded as an enabler, and it is expected that it will be ahead of most of them in terms of the size of the data.
According to the report issued by Hung Ming Ji-hwan for 2024, the number of intellectually active users reached 4,121,000 in 2024, and the annual total mileage was 1.2 billion miles, of which the total mileage for high-speed intelligent driving was 90,310.5 thousand kilometres, for a total duration of 9,668,000 hours, and the urban-area mileage was 3,42,877.2 million.
Over 80 million times a year, smart parking aids have been used cumulatively, and the number of passenger parking aids (avp) has reached 67,866,000. In terms of the scale of sales and the accumulation of data, there is a significant lead in auto-drive landings and data closures.
Cyprus (601127ch), Cyprus (601127ch), Cyprus (601127ch)
Core view: As of May 2025, M9 is accelerating the high-end transformation, with a 15-month-long chain of over 500,000 luxury suv crowns, with a market share of –50%, and a virtual monopoly on the segmented market. At the same time, M8 is expected to be a leader in the segmented market, thanks to intelligent configuration and household user demand.
On the basis of a steady increase in sales, operating leverage will keep the profitability strong, and we expect that Cyrus' net interest rates will improve further, and that it will be more than 50 per cent in the cross line of m8/m9 and 565,000 in 2025.
Cyrus delivered 497,000 vehicles in 2024 (a 96.3 per cent increase over the same period), of which the volume of internal combustion motor vehicles (ice) fell by 30.8 per cent to 700,000 on a year-on-year basis, while the number of new energy vehicles (nev) increased by 181.2 per cent to 427,000 on a year-on-year basis, driven by a strong sales momentum, particularly in m9.
In addition to the first half of the year of m8, we expect that Cyrus will be able to increase the sales of new energy cars by the same year in 2025 by 16 per cent to 495,000 (a consistent projection: 522,000), while the sales of internal combustion engines are expected to remain stable in terms of new models: we believe that the worlds m8 and m9 are expected to continue to lead the country with excellent product power.
High-end markets. We expect M7 to be released in the second half of the year, and now the new energy car market is highly competitive, and the 25-35 million suv market is more competitive, asking for pressure from ideal, millet, and so on. In 2025, the refinancing will strengthen competitiveness by boosting and partially upgrading product power.
Resigning is likely to optimize dimensions and the layout of seats, appearances, intelligent configurations, and kinetic systems. Our projected sales are slightly lower than market-consensual expectations, largely because of conservative perceptions of the passenger car market.
And, with the increased competition in the industry, Cyrus has moved from a "go-go-go" to a "go-go-round" scenario.
“Focus of Profit” in 2024 marked a period of steady profit. Market logic is shifting from a sales game to a profit-making assessment, and as Cyrus moves into a stable profit-making phase, we think the market will focus more on its profitability performance.
Cyprus (601127ch), Cyprus (601127ch), Cyprus (601127ch)
From “price-for-value” to “price-for-mass-for-quality”: Cyrus's average vehicle cost in 2025 was $297,000. Total revenue: we expect Cyrus to grow by 20.7% in 2025, amounting to $175.2 billion, amounting to RMB 213.9 billion.
Revenues from other car operations (including sale of incremental systems, customer packages of east wind vehicles and scooter cars) and internal combustion engine, as well as non-core operations (including sale of materials, optimized combinations (conversion of low-price ice to high-price Nev), which we expect to be in Fortress 2025
Vehicle revenue will increase faster than delivery. As the sales portfolio improves, we expect the sales contribution of the lower-priced m7 in 2025 will drop slightly in the average vehicle sales price in 2026/2027, compared to the Māori rate: higher cost efficiency, taking into account the better scale effect of the sales climb, m8/m9
The ratio rise and the cost of raw materials decline, and we expect that the Māori ratio for the Cyrus car will be 2024, mainly due to strong sales growth (the cost of services to the Chinese is included in the cost of sales); however, Cyrus (601127ch)
The operational leverage effect of the sales and management rates will be reduced to 2026/27.
In May of 2025, the M9 had a 15-month-long China-China market of 500,000 dollars or more, with a market share of about 50% and a monopoly on the segment.
Half a wall. Meanwhile, of the $300,000 to $450,000 price band, m8 is expected to be an absolute leader in the region by 12.5% to 20% of its smart configuration and household user demand. So, we expect the brand to grow strongly, and the Maori rate to improve, as a result of operating leverage.
Increased profitability will remain strong. Accordingly, we expect the overall net interest rate for Cyrus to be further revised.
The current debt level of Cyrus is stable and low. Since 2021, Cyrus has remained in net cash and is expected to continue through 2025 to 2027.
In addition to capital spending, the investment in cash flows includes $8,164 million to buy new energy sources and $11.5 billion to hold 10% of the shares. To benefit from rising revenues, Cyrus' operating cash flows are expected to remain positive between 2025 and 2027. Overall, we expect the race to continue.
We think it's more appropriate to use the pe valuation method, based on the fact that Cyrus is in a steady profit phase.
The long-term Biyadi and the equally profitable and near-asp new power branding ideal car, Cyrus' current forward-of-the-market rate (based on next year's net profit) is 15.5 x, and Biyadi (15.6 x) and the ideal car have a historical average of 0.6 standard deviations. Given the company's further expansion in high-end markets and its potential for even more.
Strong profitability and the expected strong increase in profitability in 2025-27 as the country's leading high-end brand, Cyrus (601127ch) Cyrus (601127ch)
There is increasing competition in the domestic market for electric cars, especially under the Cyrus flag, from ideal cars, cars, high-end electric car brands like kryptonite, millet and traditional luxury.
The brands have introduced more electric car models to compete. The growing number of car companies that Hong Munjia collaborate with, while raising the level of intelligence in the overall market, may also lead to the dilution of the brand's attributes, further weakening its market recognition and competitive advantage.
The volume and profitability of Cyrus will be affected by a new model with better performance. High reliance on the question world brand. Cyrus – 90% of the revenue comes from the question world brand, which we expect to stabilize in 2025-2027 with the introduction of the new model and expansion of capacity.
The overall performance of Cyrus is therefore highly dependent on the success of the brand. The brand’s performance in terms of value, sales, or supply chains will affect Cyrus’ financial performance.
In addition, potential unexpected fluctuations in the prices of raw materials such as aluminium and steel can also increase costs and damage Cyrus (601127ch).
Since its establishment in 1986, Cyrus has been working on technological upgrading and business transformation, moving from parts and components to car production, to the autonomous evolution of new sources of intelligent energy:
Parts and components phase (1986-2002): the company started with springs, gradually expanding to seismic, motorcycle, engine, etc., focusing on auto parts and components support operations.
The new energy transition (2016-2020): the creation of sfmotos (Cylis) in the United States in 2016.
In 2017, you acquired a new energy qualification, and in 2020 you launched a first new energy vehicle, sf5, to start the electric transition.
High-end brand "Questioning Fields." Multiple smart cars like m5, m7, m9, m8 were introduced, and in 2022 the company changed its name to "Celese" and quickly joined the country's high-end new energy head camp.
Business: The whole business is at its core, with new energy revenues exceeding 90%.
Co-ordinated efforts are being made to develop, manufacture, and sell branded vehicles. Currently, the Cyrus Group has five brands, including the question line, the east wind, the east wind, the blue light, and the Swiss car, and the product lines cover a number of separate markets, such as high-end new and intelligent energy sources, traditional fuel vehicles, hybrid vehicles and light commercial vehicles:
Question line: Positioning high-end new energy vehicles ($200,000-$600,000) is the company’s most central and fastest growing brand. It is based on Toltohua’s intellectual selection model, which has a leading edge in intelligence levels, representing a vehicle of m5, m7, m8 and m9.
(a) East winding winding: main hit medium low end market ($0-15 million), dominated by traditional fuel subv and mpv, with a strong market cover;
(a) Goods, cards, etc., which are the company's first brand for the whole business;
Assisting: The middle-of-the-line (50-2 million USD) market for light commercial vehicles, with a focus on segmented areas such as urban deployment logistics, new energy sources, freight, etc., with product regionalization and customization. Cyrus’ sales structure is accelerating the transition from a traditional fuel truck to a new energy vehicle, and the branding of the question world has become a driving force.
The central driving force behind the growth in corporate sales. Since the introduction of the brand at the end of 2021, the sales of new energy vehicles have risen rapidly, with the company ' s new energy car revenues accounting for 9.3 per cent of total revenues in 2024 and fuel cars accounting for only 2.37 per cent of total revenues, showing a strong growth momentum.
With the subsequent release of the new model, it is expected that the question community will continue to boost overall sales growth, and its share in the sales structure of the company is expected to increase further.
The company currently has three facilities - the Smart Plant, the Phoenix Plant and the Super Plant - which are mainly responsible for the production of m5, m7 and m9/m8. The three plants together are designed to produce 300,000 units, estimated to be in progress.
On January 15, the company announced its intention to acquire new energy sources. With the acquisition of new energy sources, Cyrus acquired ownership of the super-plant, moving from “rent production” to “operate autonomously,” and thus gained greater capacity to expand its capacity, depending on the pace of product development and marketing.
Sales channels: Self-employed + Chinese + working with the Middle and Higher Group Cyrus has built a multi-layered distribution channel system around the "Questioning World" brand, with deep integration of China as a resource. With China at its core, it works with self-employed and cooperative channels to form a wide range of distribution networks.
In order to upgrade the smart car business to the brand "Hong Meng Ji-hwan" the under-bond shop focuses on showing the question world's models of m5, m7, m9 and providing one-stop service such as pilot driving, ordering, and financial advice. Cyrus also has a self-employed branding and delivery centre in the city at the point where he has a vehicle display, delivery, maintenance, and customer.
On November 11, 2024, the China-China Group issued an announcement confirming its initial intention to cooperate with Cyrus, and further talks will take place between the two sides on the distribution of Cyrus’ new energy vehicles.
The leading companies in the field, with about 400 shops in the interior, have powerful channels covering high-end passenger resources, and are expected to provide strong support for the market expansion of the new Cyrus energy vehicle.
Overseas: In 2020-24, Cyrus' combined annual growth rate of overseas earnings was 37.3%. Felix's model of vehicles sold overseas used the sign "Seres" or "aito" depending on the different regions and models. In July 2024, Cyrus acquired 919 Chinese holdings at a total price of $2.5 billion.
Trademarks (including print and graphic trademarks in the community series) and 44 related designs will be displayed in Paris. Companies have established businesses in several countries and regions in Europe, the Middle East, the Americas, and Africa. On the European side, they have expanded to markets such as Norway, Germany, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland.
According to the data, in 2024, the combined overseas sales of Cyrus and dfsk were 12,276, and between 2020 and 2024, Cyrus ' overseas revenues rose rapidly from $1,182 million to $4,197 million, with annual compound growth rates.
The stock structure of Cyrus is more concentrated. The realist, Mr. Zhang Xinghai, is the founder of the company and indirectly holds 13.07% of the company's shares through Xiaokang's holdings and Yongan's automobile industry. In addition, his relatives, Zhang Xingli, Zhang Xingmin, Yan,
In September 2024, the company issued a draft report on the issue of share purchases and purchases of assets, and purchased the Chongqing parent fund by issuing shares.
After the completion of the change in equity held by the twojiang Investment Group and the twojiang Industries Group, which hold 100% of the shares in the new energy resources of Yong Seong (i.e., the super-class plant in the two rivers), the three Chongqing countries combined hold 7.56% of the corporate equity.
Cyrus. Felix. Silver International.
On the 9th floor of Wan Yi Building, 68th in Hong Kong.