The green power advantage is clear, and companies are expected to benefit from the global reduction in production, and the recommendation is to cover for the first time the rich green power in Toyunnan Province, and the core competitive advantage of low-carbon emissions construction companies.
After many years of development, the company has formed an advantage in the size of the integrated green aluminium industry, which produces 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide annually, 3.05 million tons of green aluminium, 800,000 tons of auroral carbon, 1.4 million tons of aluminium alloys, 135,000 tons of aluminium tape, and 36,000 tons of aluminum.
The share of electricity reached about 85%, and in the longer term, the brand and economic value of the company's green and colored aluminium will increase further in the broader context of the country's double carbon strategy. The volume price has risen and the company's performance has increased steadily.
This was largely due to a 23 per cent increase in the price of electrolytic aluminium in the first half of 2022, combined with seagull hydropower, a 12-month high/lowest aluminium project, phase II, which was fully operational, and the company's best six months since it was listed in the first half of the year.
Tens of tons, 64.28 million tons of aluminium alloys and aluminium-processing products, with an alloyization rate of over 50%. While alloys and processing production capacity continue to increase, companies are accelerating the construction of smart manufacturing plants, and their levels of informatization and intelligence have continued to rise.
Supply: 1.38 million tons of electrolytic aluminium production in Western and Central Europe and 132,000 tons in Yunnan. As a result of a shortage of natural gas and high electricity prices, aluminium enterprises in Europe have started to cut production, which is estimated to be 1.38 million tons, or 41.5 per cent of total production in Western and Central Europe.
At the same time, Yunnan's water level is low, with most of the local electrolytic aluminium industry having reduced production by 10%, with an estimated annual impact of 132,000 tons.
The rate of start-up is expected to improve only if there is an improvement and the country’s downstream power restrictions are largely lifted. At the same time, when the global stock of former electrolytic aluminium is still low, the country’s aluminium stock is expected to go to a smaller bank as September returns.
The company is the leader of the country's aluminium industry, with a significant low-carbon emission advantage. For the first time, it is covered, giving “promotion projects that are not as advanced as expected, aluminium prices are highly volatile and downstream demand is less than expected.”1 The project was successfully put into production, and green power has a significant advantage.
Aluminium shares are mainly in bauxite mining, aluminium oxide production, aluminium smelting, aluminium processing and aluminous aromatic carbons for aluminium, alumina for aromatics, aluminum for remelting, aluminum poles, aluminium alloys, etc.
After many years of development, the company has developed an annual production of 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxides, 3.05 million tons of green aluminium, 800,000 tons of aromatic carbon, 1.4 million tons of aluminium alloys, 135,000 tons of aluminium tape, and 36,000 tons of aluminium welds.
The company relies on green energy to produce green aluminium, which is about 20% of coal-fired aluminium compared to coal-fired aluminium. Based on green aluminium, the company has a strong upstream/downstream relationship with internationally known companies such as Ninder, Ul, BMW, Volvo, and Dale.
The value and economic value will increase further. At the end of the month, the company’s major shareholders are Yunnan Metallurgical Group, Inc., and the actual control of the State Department’s state-owned assets will increase by 1.2 tons, and the company’s profitability will continue to increase.
In the first half of 2022, electrolysis aluminum increased by 23 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while in the second phase of the seagull hydroelectric aluminium project, the company achieved its best semi-annual business performance since it was listed in the first half of the year. 96 per cent of capacity utilization was achieved, and levels of informatization and intelligence continued to rise. 2022H1 produced 701,000 aluminium oxides.
Tons, 4082 million tons of carbon products, 128.31 million tons of original aluminium, 64.28 million tons of aluminium alloys and aluminium processing products, with an alloying rate of more than 50%. While alloying and processing production capacity has continued to increase, the pilot plant has been completed and received, and is being built for phase two of the smart plant, and the aluminium spill digital twin factory has been demonstrated.
Cost controls are excellent, net interest rates are rising. Companies’ spending on fees was effectively controlled in the first half of the year, and cost competition continued to rise. (1) Aluminium Oxide Level I, Protocarbon Block Level I, Aluminium Liquidal 99.85%
This is higher than in 2021, and technical economic indicators such as alkaline oxidation, electrolytic aluminum apogee depletion, and casting aluminium alloy metal consumption have been reduced by the same amount. (2) The full cost of aluminium oxidation and anodes has been reduced by the gap between poles, and the full cost of electrolytic aluminium has been shifted from a disadvantage to an advantage.
Figure 9: 2022q2 Māori to net profit splits (millions of yuan) 2 Global aluminium supply has been significantly reduced, demand has improved marginally, 2.1 domestic and foreign production has been reduced, and global aluminium supply has been bottlenecked
The Russian-Turkish conflict in Europe has been characterized by a crisis in energy and a sharp increase in electricity prices. Since the outbreak of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, the North Creek No. 1 pipeline No. 2 has been closed, while the price of cheap natural gas has been closed to Europe. In August, the price of electricity in Germany and France was once over 700 euros per 1,000 degrees, more than ten times higher than in the early 2021s.
According to the International Association of Aluminium Industries, the global production of electrolytic aluminium in Central and Western Europe was 67343,000 tons in 2021, of which China produced 38.92 million tons, or 58 per cent, and Western and Central Europe 3,329,000 tons.
5%. Aluminium enterprises in Europe, affected by a shortage of natural gas and high electricity prices, have begun to cut production, which is projected to be 1.38 million tons, or 41.5% of total production, according to statistics.
Figure 14: Global production of electrolytic aluminium is lower than in Yunnan, where local electrolytic aluminium companies produce 10% less. In September, reproducing projects such as the Silver Sea, Jilibe Mines, Sichuan continued, but now, due to the low water levels in Yunnan part of the reservoir and the limited electricity risks in the province, the Yunnan electrolytic aluminium industry is receiving more reductions.
Ten thousand tons, with an estimated annual impact of 132,000 tons. 2.2 Gold nine + ten exports abroad, marginal demand for electrolytic aluminium has improved, and downstream demand has improved.
Since September, there has been an improvement in downstream orders and a basic lifting of power restrictions in the country, the rate of start-up is expected to be strong exports and the global inventory of electrolytic aluminium remains low. The current global stock of electrolytic aluminium is still low.
In terms of overseas demand: 5404 million tons of unworked aluminium and aluminium exports in August, and 470.1 million tons of cumulative exports in January-August, with cumulative growth of 31.5% over the same period. With the devaluation of the renminbi and the fall in shipping costs, aluminium exports remain profitable and are expected to grow at the same rate in the future.
For the first time, a “recommended” rating was given; the project was not as advanced as expected, aluminium prices fluctuated significantly and downstream demand fell short of expectations.