Aluminium: green power has a strong low-carbon advantage, and there is a strong effort to develop green aluminium integration
"Yuntaojin yijiewu, hot speed review flashanalysis."
(pleaseeappendix1forenglishsummary) The company is the main supplier of alumina in the country. It produces and sells a mixture of bauxite mining, aluminium oxide production, aluminium smelting, aluminium processing and alumina for charcoal. It has produced 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 3.05 million tons of green aluminium, 800,000 tons of yeast charcoal, 1417 million tons of aluminium alloys, 135,000 tons of aluminium sheet belts,
The industry is located in six Yunnan counties, where, as of the end of June 2022, the capacity of hydroelectrics in Yunnan Province stood at 85.55% of total installed capacity, and the proportion of green electricity in the company’s power structure in the first half of 2022 was about 85%. The company produced green aluminium compared to coal-fired aluminium.
Carbon emissions are only about 20% of coal-fired aluminium, with a significant low carbon advantage. The company is the country’s largest green aluminium supplier, certified as one of the first companies to obtain carbon footprint certification for its products through carbon footprint certification for seven products such as aluminum, aluminum alloys, aluminum and aluminum.
Aluminium processing: Alloyization increases the value added of the product. The company is pushing ahead with its “alloying” strategy, expanding the application of aluminium and upgrading to mid-end products, where the rate of corporate alloyization has reached more than 50%.
Pilot production, with the production of 35,000 tons of battery aluminium in Yunnan, the company is the main supplier of hydropower aluminium in the country, operating as a cluster of bauxite mining, aluminium oxide production, aluminium smelting, aluminium processing and the production and sale of charcoal for aluminium, and as of 2022h1, the company has produced 1.4 million aluminium oxide annually.
Tons, green aluminium, 3.05 million tons, solar carbon, 800,000 tons, aluminium alloys, 135,000 tons of aluminium board belts, and 71,000 tons of aluminium, have the advantage of integrated green aluminium industry. 2022h1, the company produces 700,000 tons of aluminium oxide, 410,000 tons of charcoal products and 1.28 million original aluminium.
In the first half of 2022, aluminium-processing products accounted for 51 per cent and aluminum-based ingots 48 per cent; in terms of Māori, 2022H1 aluminum alumina is 19.52 per cent; aluminium processing is based on the abundance of hydropower in Toyunnan, with a strong green low-carbon advantage.
By the end of June 2022, Yunnan Province had a full calibre installed capacity of 106 million kilowatts, of which 90.7 million kilowatts, or 85.55 per cent, of total installed capacity, with approximately 85 per cent of the company ' s electricity-generation structure in the first half of 2022.
The company has vigorously pursued its integrated green aluminium development strategy, extending the advantage of green aluminium downstream. The company is the country’s largest green aluminium supplier, with seven products identified through carbon footprints: aluminum, aluminum alloy, aluminum, etc.
Certification is one of the first companies to be certified as a carbon footprint of a product in a domestic firm, with a carbon footprint of a major product at a global lead. In the broader context of a national double carbon strategy, the brand and economic value of a company’s green aluminium will go into a 1.3 electrolytic aluminium: the cost of integrated development will be reduced.
In Yunnan Province, the bauxite mine is concentrated mainly in south-east Phil (Wonsan State), and the company is investing in increasing the bauxite mine in Mansan, relying on the advantage of its own bauxite resources, which has become a model for producing 1.4 million tons of alumina per year to secure the company’s resources. The company also has the capacity to produce 800,000 tons of alumina with a pyrocarbon capacity, and has a joint venture with Soto.
The construction phase of the project has been successfully launched, and the company’s rate of self-sufficiency has been further increased. The company’s green and colored aluminium production capacity of 3.05 million tons, and the company’s integrated layout of the electrolytic aluminium plate, has helped to contain production costs and avoid the risk of price fluctuations in the bulk feed.
Aluminium processing: alloying increases product value added The company has been promoting the “alloying” strategy, expanding the application and upgrading of aluminium to medium- and high-end products, and developing and industrializing ultra thin aluminum, power cell aluminium, aluminium welding, high-precision aluminium,it using high-end aluminium alloying, and new forms of aluminium formation
New products with competitive advantages, such as gold, aluminium alloys for aviation, and aluminum ingots, have become high-end products, and the company ' s aluminum plus alloying rate has reached more than 50%. 3.5 million tons of batteries have been made available. According to the company, on 27 September 2022, on the investor interactive platform,
In response, the company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Yunnan Hao Mob, Inc., has already been put into production for 35,000 tons of new energy-powered batteries, and is currently working on the planned pilot production, and the indicators for the pilot production are in line with expectations. Aluminium is a key material for the lithium cell orthofluoride, and the major development of the new energy vehicle has led to an increase in demand for alumina, in addition to sodium.
ion positive and negative poles use aluminum as a central fluid, sodium ion batteries have developed industrially for 22 years, sodium ion, and battery industrialization will open up the second largest demand space for battery aluminum. The production of 35,000 tons of aluminum beryllium batteries in Yunnan will bring a new profit growth point for the company.
Haitong the companyyisthemainproducerofgreeneclectricaluminiuminchina, witalumina productioncapacitationof1.4millitons, a greenaminum productioncapacitationof3.05millitons, ananodecarbonproducationcapacitationof800,000tons, aluminumalloy
The company's productionbaseisinyunnan.bytheendofjune2022, yunnan's shydropopwerinstedcapacitatedcapacitationad
85. 55% of thetotalinstalledcapacitation. infirsthalfof2022, theproportionoffreeeneclecracythecompany'sseconditystructurewasabout. 85% of the companynyisthelargestreenaluminumsuplimentchinina.sevenkindsofproducts, sachasaluminium ingots, aluminumalloysandandandandaliminumfoil, haspased thecarboonfootprintcentification.itionofthefirstbatchoferprises
Incinatobtainthecarbonfootpristification. Electronic: the companyyhasaproducationcapacitationof 3.05millitonsofprimaryaluminum, 1.4millitonsof alumina, and 800,000tonsofanodecarbon, whichhelstopstocondolproductioncostsandandvoidsandahoriskofrawmataliprice
The 35 000-tonaluminfoil projectfornewenermypowergatesofunnanahaxin
I don't know, aluminumfoilco., ltd., awolly-ownsubsidiaryofthecompanity, hasbeenputinfoperation, whichwillbringnewprofit growthpointstothecompany.demandless expeculated
Appendix appendix