• Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) 98.19 per cent, net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $24,649 million, year-on-year increase
145.47%. In 2021, some of the global chemical installations were affected by extreme weather events, epidemics, supply shortages, fluctuations in the supply chain of globalized industrial products, uneven supply and demand phases, and higher prices for chemical products.
The installation has increased global market supply capacity, while the company relies on years of global supply chains, channels and channels to overcome many of the disadvantages, including the epidemic, and has ensured an orderly increase in the market supply of core global clients, the volume of major products such as polyurethane, petrochemicals and fine chemicals, and the company base.
Corporate prices have increased significantly compared to the 300-percent trend, both in terms of earnings and profits. In 2021, corporate profitability increased significantly, with a net return of 24,649 million yuan, compared to the previous year.
This represents an increase of 145.47 per cent. In a single quarter, 2,021q4 companies collected $38,219 million, resulting in higher interest on bank loans owing to an increase in transport funds; administrative costs of $1,892 million, representing an increase of 33.21 per cent, mainly due to increases in labour, informatization, etc.; and sales costs of $1,052 million.
This represents an increase of 33.43 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increases in labour, travel, etc. of sales personnel. The cash received by companies through goods and services provided increased; net cash flows from fund-raising activities were -28.758 billion yuan, while sales of polyurethane continued to grow and prices of mdi increased overall.
Income and costs increased in 2021 over the previous year, mainly as a result of the conversion of smoke station 1.1 million tons of mdi technology in 2021, the upgrading of polyether polyol sales and the increase in the price of products and raw materials; the production of the company polyurethane series was 4.01 million tons, an increase of 37.40 per cent in the same year, with sales being the result of:
3.89 million tons, an increase of 32.73 per cent in the same year. 21.15 billion yuan in polyurethane plates, a rise of 1.q3 in the same year, continued with carbon neutralization and investment security, mainly as a result of higher product prices and the scale effect of higher production and sales.
2. Accelerating green power and new energy layouts, expected to be pre-positioned, with 1.2 million tonnes/year mdi in Ningbo, 350,000 tonnes/year in bc, Hungary, 3. Forgemdi start installation, future
The company is the world’s largest supplier of mdi and the world’s third largest supplier of tdi. In 2021, the national price of mdi suffered extreme weather from foreign mdi manufacturers, and the country’s suburban vaults.
Volatility, manufacturer parking repairs, national energy consumption double-control policies, rebalancing of market supply and demand structures, and so on. By the end of 2021, pure mdi prices had been reported at $20,700 per ton, and polymer mdi prices at $20,300 per ton.
In terms of imports and exports, the suspension of multiple sets of mdi equipment in 2021 caused global supply tensions, caused short-term imbalances, reduced imports of mdi and increased exports significantly.
The volume of imports and exports of polymer mdi was 29.8 and 10.14 million tons, respectively. This was 19 per cent lower, 65 per cent higher, and the volume of imports of pure mdi in 2021 was 70,000 and 121,000 tons more, while the demand for pure mdi downstream shoe base fluids, tpu, etc. grew steadily, with ammonia being the domestic pure mdi.
Demand provides incremental support. Over the long term, mdi supply and demand patterns are good, adding up to the fact that the Asia-Pacific region is now the largest polyurethane consumer market in the world, North America and Europe are saturated, and development priorities in recent years and beyond will be concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region, where Wenhua is the world's absolute champion of mdi.
• Production of the million-ton ethylene-grade project, rapid growth in the profitability of the petrochemical plate, the company's petrochemical series in 2021 generated $61,409 million in revenue, an increase of 166,01 per cent over the previous year, an increase in revenue and cost compared to the previous year, mainly in the production of million tons of ethylene devices and an increase in the sale of petrochemical products
As a result of the rise in petrochemical products and lpg prices, the price of the company ' s petrochemical operations produced 4 million tons of products, an increase of 79.49 per cent over the same period, and sales of 3.9 million tons, an increase of 74.81 per cent over the same period.
Interest rates have increased, mainly as a result of price increases for petrochemical products on a year-on-year basis and the structural changes and scale effects of millions of tons of ethylene deposits.
There is a unique competitive advantage, the most influential suppliers of high-end hydrocarbons and derivatives.
In February of this year, the first environmental impact assessment of the Vanhua Chemical propane/butane Hole project revealed that the Vanhuafortune Industrial Park was to invest 2,316 million yuan in the construction of 1.2 million cubic-propane underground caves (including 2 600,000 cubic-propane underground caves) and 1 500,000 cubic-butane underground cave.
On 4 March of that year, the Fuzhou City Eco-Environmental Authority proposed to complete the environmental impact assessment of the Huanhua Chemical (Fukugi) Terminal Co. Ltd. canning area project. The project is planned to have a capacity of 1.05 million tonnes of benzene, 450,000 tonnes of benzidine, 1.2 million tonnes of falcon and 400,000 methanol per year.
At the same time, in petrochemical products, companies focus on higher-value-added modified products such as pp, mibk, and isofluoroketone, gradually strengthening existing petrochemical chain clusters and expanding their advantages of scale. The multi-point layout of new materials is expected to become a new performance growth point.
The company ' s revenue in 2021 was $15,464 million for fine chemicals and new materials series products, with higher revenues and costs compared to the previous year, mainly due to adi, aqueous resins, increased sales of tpu operations and higher prices for refined chemicals products and related raw materials
As a result, the production of specific chemicals and new materials from companies increased by 790,000 tons, compared to the same year, by 37.01 per cent, and the Māori rate by 21.25 per cent, compared to 2.31 percentage points; the Māori rate increased, mainly as a result of the general increase in product prices and changes in product structure.
The wanhua chemistry industry is clearly investing in research and development in new materials products, accelerating ongoing construction projects, and accelerating industrial transformation of new products. As a leading global supplier of tpu, its applications are widespread: a project to transform plastics that companies are planning to build in Sichuan Yingshan has been officially launched.
In the second phase, 60,000 tons of pbat biodegradable polyesters, 10,000 tons of lithium battery tripods, etc., are being built up. The company currently has production capacity in sap, pc, pmma, tpu, hdi, etc.
The company, the market for polypropylene (pan) base carbon fibres, in which the BMW industry holds 51% shareholdings and the BMW chemical 49% shareholdings. By working with the BMW industry, WMW will move into the carbon fibre market to further expand the field of new materials.
With sustained expansion and landing, the competitiveness of the global market is further enhanced by good corporate quality and a strong supply system, and new materials operations are expected to become new performance growth points for companies. The risks of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company’s human capacity; and the company’s core products
Risks of large-scale proliferation, such as technological breakthroughs or joint ventures: implementation of the project at a slower pace than anticipated: high volatility in product prices: high volatility in oil prices: the risk of installation force majeure; use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.