It's quite obvious that there's a huge amount of chemistry.com.tw.
High-performance growth, strong growth momentum. Companies' performance increased significantly over the same period, mainly as a result of the global economic recovery, boosting market demand, and higher prices for chemical products. In addition, companies' mdi technologies, new energy such as ethylene, new devices, polyurethane, petrochemicals, etc.
As a global polyurethane tap, the divisional has continued to expand its production, and has been active in the petrochemical new material industry, maintaining a high rate of growth, securing future performance growth, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
mdi maintains a high profile, polyurethane has a very high price: 21 years maintain a high profile, prices for company-owned products have increased significantly, and the summation of mdi has amounted to $1.976 million per ton, yov + 37 per cent, and pure mdi has a price of $21.18 million per ton, 2 per cent lower than in January 21st 21st 21st 21st 21st year, and has recovered with the spring and spring season demand.
Tens of thousands of tonnes/years of technology have been expanded, mdi production has been further enhanced, and production and sales have been on the same scale. At present, there is a crowd of the largest mdi capacity in the world, and plans are under way to expand the production capacity of Ningbo 600,000 and Fujian 1.6 million tons. The subsequent increase in global mdi capacity is largely dependent on HDW, and the expansion of production capacity will further increase the market.
Gradual release of petrochemical plates and improvement of the entire industrial chain: new installations such as millions of tons of ethylene during the year, increased sales of petrochemical products on a par, and increased prices of petrochemical products over 21 years.
With the rapid growth of the petrochemical sector, the growth of the company's performance is accelerated. The rate of growth of the petrochemical sector at 1-3q is 168%, with 39.8%, and it's close to the polyurethane sector. With the steady growth of the petrochemical and new materials, the harvest ratio is increasing, and the company's industry-wide picture shows that it is expected to flatten the week.
The new material industry is dynamic: the company's new material plate is active in the fields of power cells and degradable materials, driving the company to grow over the long term. In April 21, the company merged its full capital.
The company ' s smoke station, Djoloe Lithium Batteries Ltd.; a joint venture with the energy industry group, established in August 21 to build a 600mwp Photovoltaic Power Station Complementarity Project; and the company ' s foothold base, in January 2222, with 50,000 tons of lithium phosphate project, officially launched: planning 200,000 tons of poe and an accompaniment in Punley, based on the company ' s environmental review
The 92,000 tonnes of HSE project. The company is growing from the mdi to the integrated chemical industry, with a reduction in cyclicality and prospects for the future as the production chain is well structured and the product variety increases.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.