q4 is on track, and the company's multi-base layout is still ready for growth.
• The company expects to achieve a net return profit of between $24 billion and $25.2 billion by 2021, maintain a “buy-in” rating, and, to the best of terms, the petrochemical and new material plates will continue to increase the company's profit margin, with the company's announcement that our downturn of 2021-2021, “energy consumption double-control” has led to renewed cost pressures, such as raw materials and energy, with a q4-ring down.
In addition, in September 2021, the “energy consumption double control” was opened, and the effect on demand ends at home and downstream was also reflected in q4. At the cost end, the company's main raw materials, coal, c.
Price increases, such as for acne, remain significant, with an average of 1,181 yuan per ton for q4 power coal, a 29% increase for ring comparison, and $6,007 per ton for Shandong propane, a 20% increase for ring. Higher raw materials and costs put some pressure on corporate profitability, or the main reason for the decline in q4 company performance.
• The strategic layout of the “two carbons” is becoming clearer, with Fujian and Sichuan base building progressing and growth still within reach in the first half of 2021, corporate participation in the co-opting of light in photovoltaic power generation and Corporate Information Update - q3 Performance Basics
Wind power projects, which will introduce green power in the future, are expected to achieve the “double carbon” target at an early date.
Advances. On January 14, 2022, the company ' s elbows base produced 50,000 tons of lithium phosphate per year of the positive materials project, Corporate Information Update - a record-breaking performance ceremony, which officially marked the start of the project and the company ' s future growth was still promising.
Siu Goo, active in the deployment of new energy sources to show the big picture, 2021.7.30. It's expected to highlight the big picture of the integrated globalization industry.