Centre for Research on Resources and the Environment
Main battalion operations maintain a high profile and can grow in the future 98.19 per cent; mother-to-child net profit of $24,649 million, an increase of 145.47 per cent over the same period. Performance is as expected. mdi prices are generally stable and post-partum company expansions have a greater advantage. Polyurethane Camp 2021
In 2021, the average price of polymer mdi/pure mdi was 19870 yuan/tonne, +37.45 per cent in the same year; pure mdi price price rises contributed to higher corporate profit-making innovation in petrochemical operations. In 2021, the company ' s petrochemical series produced 4 million tons, +79.49 per cent in the same year; sales were 3.9 million tons, +74.81 per cent in the same year, mainly millions of tons.
2. “Accelerated layout in the field of fine chemicals, the introduction of new growth ethylene devices and increased sales of petrochemical products, combined with higher crude oil prices and global phased supply and demand imbalances, contribute to higher prices of petrochemical products.
2021123. " Growing prices in the season to compensate for the upstream-led forward-looking layout of the emerging materials sector, with a strong project reserve. In 2021, the company ' s R & D costs amounted to 3,168 million yuan, +55.07 per cent, and the R & D inputs continued to grow, focusing on new materials for high-end chemicals.
4. Reported High Performance Growth, Business Block Resonance and Solutions, Emerging Materials, New Business Block Technology Incubation Inputs, such as Carbon and Related Technologies, Top-Multi-Wald Chemical Review,
PUR foam degradation recycling, degradable materials and key monolithic, high performance materials (Nylon, Middle Report, Project landings supporting long-term 12, special pc, poe, optical level pmma, etc.), new energy storage and battery materials, separation and separation
With regard to polyurethane operations, the smoke station and bc have completed the mdi technology expansion and the Fujian project continues; The petrochemical sector will also advance the layout of the Fujian base, while the refined chemical projects are expected to be phased out over the next 1 to 2 years. Given the high prices of upstream raw materials, some petrochemical products have returned.
Chenyi3@qizq.com.cn yangyiying@gjzg.com.cn
Downside risk for product prices, risk of significant fluctuations in raw material prices; new projects not progressing as expected; new material report rating ratio analysis in the market, which is then calculated on average to arrive at the final rating as average market investment