It's a huge amount of chemistry.com.tw.
The high rate of growth of the petrochemical plate, the advantages of the whole industry chain layout, and the company's announcement of a bonus of $25 per 10 shares in cash (including taxes) for all shareholders, as well as a significant increase in the company's performance over the same period, mainly as a result of the global economic recovery, the boost in market demand and the chemical industry.
In addition, the company ' s mdi technologies, new production capacity such as ethylene, new installation, and a higher volume of major products such as polyurethane, petrochemicals, and fine chemicals have increased its business performance significantly over the previous year. As a global polyurethane dragon, the Department of Public Affairs has continued to expand production, and has been active in the petrochemical industry.
In keeping with the rapid pace of development, future performance growth is guaranteed, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. mdi maintains a high profile, polyurethane plates are priced up: 21 years of corporate polyurethane block collection recovery, mdi demand is good, but some overseas installations are affected by extreme weather, outbreaks, etc.
The price of mdi should be short, and the price of the supply/demand imbalance should be raised. The price of the polymer mdi is $197,600 per ton, yoy + 37 per cent, the total price of the product mix is $22.13 million per ton, yoy + 24 per cent, and the price of the tdi is $14.47 million per ton.
Youy+19%. In addition, smoke station mdi devices have been successfully modified, production capacity has increased, polyether polyol sales have increased, and companies are enjoying a full-scale dividend. The company ' s mdi currently has 2.65 million tons of capacity and tdi has 650,000 tons of capacity, and is the world ' s largest supplier of mdi and the world ' s third largest supplier of tdi.
As a result, polyurethane plates will continue to support the company’s profits and ensure its growth. PIC’s performance has risen significantly to the second pillar: the company’s petrochemical plates have grown rapidly, and have benefited from a similar increase in the price of petrochemical products and a change in product structure as a result of millions of tons of ethylene production.
The company’s million-ton ethylene device is running at full capacity in the first year, and sales of petrochemical products have increased by the same amount, amounting to 3.9 million tons, yoy + 74.81%. Added to the 21-year rise in petrochemical products, the company’s petrochemical block collection has grown rapidly, and for the first time it exceeds polyurethane plates.
As petrochemical and new material plates become more active, the harvest ratio increases, and the company-wide map shows that it is expected to iron out the cycle and grow into a platform-wide rate of equal cost, with a positive reduction: 21 years of restructuring of the company's products, Māori rate
The cost component, the company’s downscaling measures, were effective, with three rates falling by the same year, with sales costs falling by 3.28 pct reaching 0.72%, management costs down by 0.33 pct to 1.30% and financial costs down by 0.45 pct to 0.45 pct.
Deepening the layout of the new materials industry to ensure long-term growth: 21 years of company fine chemicals and new materials collars, 15.464 billion yuan, vov+94.57 per cent, sales amounting to 760,000 tons, vov+37.01 per cent, mainly adi, aqueous resins, tpu sales growth and fine chemical products and related raw materials
As a result of price increases, companies continue to invest in new material plates, including carbon and related technologies, polyurethane foam degradation recycling, degradationable materials and key monomers, high performance materials (Nylon 12, Special pc, Poe, optical pmma, etc.), new energy storage and battery materials, separation and purity
This report is written by Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd., Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. ... are not... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed before prior notice. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the attestation described in this report, i., or may buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report.