Centre for Resources and Environmental Studies
In the fourth quarter, the company achieved a fairly stable net return profit of 44.6-mdi and a decline in the price of petrochemical products and pressure on raw materials. According to the Mukawa Mobil, in the fourth quarter of 2021, the average price of pure mdi was $22236 per ton, the ring ratio was 1.1%, and the aggregate mdi.
The average price was $20322/t, the ring ratio + 2.3% mdi cost end, and according to wind data, the average cost of power coal in the quarter of 2021 was $940/t, the ring ratio + 5%, the original salt price was $505/t, the ring ratio 1.
+64%. For petrochemical operations, price rings such as epoxypropane, acrylate butylene, polyethylene, styrene, etc. have declined to varying degrees over the three quarters, while prices for raw materials such as propane, coal, etc. have increased to varying degrees. 2. " Growing prices in the season to compensate for upstream driving. "
The profits from petrochemical operations are reduced to some extent. Quantities of fine chemical industries can grow over time. According to the company’s network of officials, the company is in the former polyurethane business 202110213.
Ministry, PIC, New Materials Industries, further extended the new technology industry, functional chemistry.
4. " Reported overperformance, project landings supporting long-term polyurethane products, petrochemicals and underlying extension materials extend to such areas as catalytic agents, spices, engineering plastics, de-escalable plastics, full biodegradable materials, orthodoxy battery materials.
5. “Wanhua Chemical Report (II): Analysis of the mdi industry phase, the company has a very strong industrial base and financial strength to undertake more field-specific co-temporal and product research and development, coupled with its own strong cost-control and engineering capabilities and precision.
The chemical industry has brought the company a period of growth in the future. The smoke station has completed the mdi technology expansion, bc additional capacity, the Fujian project is continuing, polyurethane operations are continuing to grow, and the petrochemical sector will also advance the layout of the Fujian base, while further refinements are expected.
Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn yangyiying@gjzg.com.cn
Downside risk for product prices, risk of significant fluctuations in raw material prices; new projects not progressing as expected; new material report rating ratio analysis in the market, which is then calculated on average to arrive at the final rating as average market investment