The net profit has remained steady and the shareholders have increased their confidence in the incident: on 27 October 2023, the three-quarter report was issued by the Xiangxi Coal industry, the first three quarters of 2023, the Xiangxi Coal industry (601225.sh)
The company achieved business income of 12.4 billion yuan, a decrease of 241 per cent in the same year; a net return of 16.2 billion yuan to the mother, an increase in the value of coal business and a slight increase in the cost of selling the same amount.
6.65% of this amount, of which 123 million tons of home-grown coal were sold, an increase of 8.62%. In the third quarter, the company produced 40.2 million tons of coal, a decline of 6.98% in the ring over the second quarter, mainly as a result of increased regulation of the safety of the production area. Prices: 123 billion yuan in coal sales, a decrease of 2.9% in the same year.
From the price of coal in the northern part of the country, the price of coal in the three-quarters fell back. The average price of coal in the 5,500 kcal powered q3 in the elm forest was $717/ton, a 3.7 per cent decline in the ring over the second quarter. As at 27 October, the average price of q4 was $744/ton, an 8.7 per cent increase in the cost of the ring over the three-quarter period:
Coal sales cost 77.2 billion yuan, an increase of 3.49% over the same period, and coal combined sales cost 414 yuan/tonne, mainly due to higher prices for trade coal purchases. High-quality production capacity is expected to be released gradually, and future growth potential is expected.
\triangleright in 2022 acquired Bing and Samnan mining, where Bing and Mon village, a subsidiary of the mining industry, are expected to produce 6 million tonnes/year of coal (each capacity).
With the high-quality production, the Consorts Coalification Group plans to increase the company's shares over the next 12 months.
The plan reflects the confidence of the major shareholders in the company's future long-term development, as well as the company's profit projections and investment ratings for Sinda Securities: we believe that domestic power coal is in the context of persistent energy inflation.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco. \td price center is expected to run mid-level. \td At the same time, the \tsangxi coal industry sits on high-quality coal resources in the north, long
There is much room for productive release, and the company’s future prospects are wide. We anticipate risk factors: uncertainty in the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy;
Uncertainty in coal- and electricity-related industrial policies; accident of safe production in coal mines, etc. Dr. Zhoming, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Council, expert bank member of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Select Committee on Coal Prices and former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He is responsible for research on the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly a researcher on large energy panels such as securities and natural gas.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, a master ' s degree in electricity systems from Austin, University of Texas, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research and electricity marketing reform.
Applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector, Xinhang, Master ' s degree in finance at the Australian National University, and Bachelor ' s degree in finance at the Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal and electricity sectors.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, July 2022, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal sector Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal sector Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Science, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics, April 2023.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal sector. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.