Snail cement (600585). Epidemics and rain can't cover the long run.
Sea conch cement is mainly involved in the production and sale of materials such as cement, clinker and bone, and its cement clinker production is second in place in China and the world cement industry.
The epidemic and the rains are hard to cover, and 2020h1 has outperformed market expectations. In 2020q1 downstream needs are stagnated by the new crown epidemic, q2 as the epidemic is rapidly contained in the country, and the need for downstream construction projects is stagnated by a certain amount of up-to-date work, leading to the release of cement clinker needs.
The rate of increase in net profit from the 2020q2 company, which was 23.47% and 21.55% respectively, has improved significantly from the q1, driving companies to outperform market expectations for their performance in 2020h1. As a core market, cement-heading companies across the country, conch is based on their own strong costs.
Strengths and cost-control capabilities, performance speeds less affected by local regional demand changes, growth stability and certainty, 2020h1 affected by both the epidemic and super-fed rainfall in the East China region, corporate cement clinkers sold 141 million tons of self-products, a 3.4 per cent decline in the same year, but sales fell less than national cement production during the same period.
The decline of 4.8 per cent, with a further increase in the reverse position of the market, was accompanied by a slight increase in the price of the company from the tons of its products to the same price, which showed good price control, while the cost of the tons benefited from a slight drop in the price of coal, a fall in the price of the sale, and an increase of 1 percentage point in the price of the company ' s gross domestic product to the same price, which was historically higher.
Cement prices have started a second round of price hikes, “stock + add” or will contribute to a more robust season. The need to build a stable economy has risen considerably since the new crown plague, and we judge that the demand to boost the company’s q2 performance has been largely due to the need to make stock build-up projects work, while the provinces and cities are trying to maintain the economy and keep the economy going.
New infrastructure projects driven by industry will not be released until the second half of the year, with “stock + add” or a boost to the second half of the year when cement will become more robust, and demand will recover rapidly from the company’s core market, China East, after the rainy season, to begin a second round of price booms, and the company’s core market, China East, will probably be priced at the same rate during the season.
The firm’s high level of certainty about its performance will continue in the second half of the year. Double, eight and eight times, maintaining the firm’s “highly recommended” investment rating.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports conch cement (600585); outbreak and rain are hard to cover.
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, the winner of Zhao's army, and the research assistant's brief.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports conch cement (600585); the epidemic and the rain are hard to cover, and h2 does not guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text are clear.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.