Conch cement (600585.sh)/building materials performance improved on schedule with steady year-round growth
3.3% by length; net profit on return of $16.669 billion by 5.31% by year; net profit on deductions of $15.527 billion by 4.04% by year. q2 achieved income of $50.8 billion by year, compared with profit of $10.949 billion by year, representing an increase of 21.72% by quarter.
Recovering downstream demand in a context of steady growth, driving companies to increase sales in the second quarter of the year: first half of the company's cement business, trade business, clinker business, bone and commodity concrete business, respectively, yielding revenues, stock prices compared with industry-market trends
A 23% increase in corporate income in the second quarter meant a better recovery in end demand. Macro-data show that, by the end of June, the cumulative value of fixed-asset investment had been equal to -1%, with an increase of 1%.
Quarterly upturn of 18.7 pct; housing construction cumulatively equals 2.6%, which is the same as in the first quarter. Downstream capital warming has led to a recovery in cement demand. National cement production in the second quarter was 700 million tons, an increase of 7.8% compared to the previous quarter, up 26.1 pct. Microdata suggest that in May cement demand was strong.
Cement supply in Gwanqing continued to exceed 100 per cent, stock was accelerated, capital-based north-west, north-west China, North China, etc., strong cement demand, leading business day-to-day sales were stable, and the Māori rate for major products remained stable: the company ' s combined Māori rate was 31.41 per cent in the first half of the year, a decline in the same year.
3q3 shows steady growth and long-term values are highlighted, mainly as a result of an upswing in the share of low-māori business. The main product, Cement and clinker, had a strong performance for the first half of the year, with a long-term holding option.
0.1 pct. This is largely due to the company’s strong cost-control capacity. At the rate end, the second-quarter sales rate, the asset-end cash flow were strong, steadily pushing the expansion of capacity: 59.860 billion operating cash inflows were achieved in the second-quarter, and sales returns were good. By the end of June, companies had a total of 76.4 billion cash equivalents.
More than 6 billion more than at the beginning of the year, with an extremely strong cash flow. In addition, companies are steadily moving forward with domestic and foreign projects.