Material material  conch cement: strong balance sheet, value king in cement stock incident: company revenue of $7,40.007 billion (+3.3 per cent) in the first half of 2020, net return to the mother
Under, the scarcity of mines makes the cement resource, the market will be less volatile as the concentration of the industry rises, and in the last 2-3 years and the next 2-3 years, the substantial repair of the balance sheet of the cement enterprise and the increase in profit stability will be the catalyst for the restoration of the valuation of the cement, the conch.
q2 q2 drops in prices, and performance is still robust. The company achieved 141 million tons of cement clinker from a combination of products in the first half of the year, a 3.4 per cent decline in the same year, of which q2 achieved about 92 million tons, compared to the impact of the epidemic, with a year-round success.
Repressed demand concentration released and corporate overall production and sales increased steadily; in terms of single tons, conch cement (600585), " conch cement: through steady improvement in camp quality and the creation of super-cash flow " ,
Won/tonne, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, the low-season price has not been adjusted for q1 and, following the recovery of demand in the second quarter, the price has been adjusted to some extent, as a result of the entry into China-dong conch cement (600585), “Snail cement: industry”, after June
The performance remained bright, with the value of the cement stock being the king of the dollar/tonne, mainly due to the decline in the price of coal and labour costs; and the amount of Māori in the amount of about $165 per ton, mainly due to a significant increase in interest income on corporate deposits, with the same financial costs as in the first half of the year.
Sales have increased since the resumption of work in the quarter accelerated. As the pattern in the sea has become more normal, the expansion of public-sector trade has not only contributed to a steady increase in corporate revenue but also to a large increase.
(b) Extreme cash flow enterprises, with contractual liabilities reflecting supply and demand. We note that, at the end of the reporting period, there is a need to increase and mitigate the volatility of local cement prices and smooth regional cycles.
The trading model of the first- and-in-first-in-a-kind represents an excellent bargaining power of the cement industry, as well as an excellent supply and demand situation in the cement industry; in the first half of the year, the company received $9,207 million in cash, which was significantly higher than revenue ($74 billion) and, by the end of the second quarter, net operating cash flows to the company stood at 145.6.
The debt structure continues to be optimized by $1 billion, representing an equivalent increase of 111.6 per cent, an asset-liability ratio of 11.2 per cent, a reduction of 1.6 percentage points in the same year. We believe that conch is the construction of a highly cash-flowing enterprise, with sufficient cash flow to ensure, on the one hand, the orderly conduct of operations and the extension of the industry chain; and, on the other hand,
At the end of the reporting period, the company was able to produce 259 million tons of clinker, 366 million tons of cement, 56.8 million tons of bone material, mixed commercial production, south of Lake Harbour cement, eight-bed conch base in Tibet, and one in Burma.
A clinker line, etc.: steady expansion of domestic and foreign cement production capacity through self-building and M & As, while accelerating the integration of upstream and downstream industrial chains to complement the advantages of the industrial chain, with corporate bone collection of about 480 million yuan in the first half of the year, with a Māori rate of 70.8 per cent and a high level of profitability as environmental protection continues to increase.
The scarcity of mineral resources highlights the rapid growth of corporate backbone operations based on their own high-quality mineral resources, which in the future will be a new growth point for the company’s performance. With the current rapid recovery of demand in China’s eastern region, the year-round performance has been smooth.
Downstream demand recovered rapidly, and after long triangle clinker prices first increased by two rounds of 50/tons, Jiang Zhe also increased cement prices by two rounds of about 50-60/tons, from the point of time earlier than in previous years;
Capital investment is still accelerating, and demand is expected to remain strong in the second half of the year. Because of the rigidity of cement demand and the non-storage properties, prices are highly sensitive to demand, subsequent demand is concentrated to release the second half of the month to December, and the price increase space (Lill Long Triangle prices are down by $70-100/year).
It's better than in the first half of the year than in the second half of the year, and in terms of the price increase, it's more severe than last year's rain (a cumulative increase of 200 yuan/tonne begins in the middle of August) and Jiangxi (a cumulative increase of 150 yuan/tonne starts at the end of August) and we think it's overgrown in the real estate.
In the second half of the year, China East cement prices are expected to be flexible and regional flagships will benefit fully, while industry-wide valuations are expected to rise, with conch serving as industry poles, and core assets will be revalued in the second half of the year.
The recovery was lower than expected, the capacity to lag out slowly and the supply and demand patterns deteriorated; prices such as coal, ores and so on rose, resulting in higher costs.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.