Lithium Tin Qi (002466): q3 battalion growth rate, positive expansion of production capacity Company reports issued in the third quarter of 2018, generating revenue of billions of yuan in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 11.24 per cent in the same year; basic share gain of $1.48 in 2018.
The price of lithium dropped sharply in the third quarter, with a single-season rate of growth and negative growth. The average price of lithium carbonate in the third quarter was 97.5 per cent, a 35.53 per cent decline in the same year, a 29.18 per cent decline in the ring, and a one-season rate of net profit due to a fall in the price of corporate products.
▪ Significant increases in financial costs and a decline in the Māori sales rate. January-September 2018, public interest expenditure and exchange losses increased; third quarter, corporate financial costs were RMB 117 million, or 43.8 per cent more; corporate Māori sales were 64.71 per cent, the same rate.
Short-term firm financial costs have significantly increased their operational performance, but successful acquisitions have helped to establish the company ' s position in the industry at the forefront of its global lithium resources and to enhance corporate competitiveness and industry voice.
The company’s board continued to grow through the third phase of the company’s lithium concentrate in July 2018.
Demand supports lithium prices and actively expands lithium salt production. Lithium prices go down because of a massive expansion in the supply of upstream lithium products, but the rapid growth of new energy vehicles leads to a massive increase in lithium demand and a relatively limited space for later lithium prices to go down in response to demand.
With high growth, the company actively expands lithium salt production capacity, which will reach 110,000 tonnes/year by the end of 2019, according to the company's base capacity inside and outside the country.
Taking into account the company’s proposed acquisition of 23.7% equity in sqm, the industry status of the company’s global lithium resource leader will be established, and a “prudentially recommended” investment rating will be maintained. Not as much as expected, new-energy car sales will not be as high as expected.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.