Lithium price fluctuations have affected performance, leading industry positions followed by the titanium industry (002466), which issued a tri-quarter report in 2018, and the company became operational in the first three quarters of 2018.
Revenue of $4,759 million, an increase of 20.17 per cent over the same period; the realization of the net shareholding of listed companies (i) a decline in lithium prices has put pressure on the company ' s performance by 36.03 per cent. Lithium prices are in place as a result of the shift of industry fundamentals to oversupply.
The price of battery-grade lithium carbonate fell sharply from $117.5 million at the beginning of July to $69,000 at the end of September, and the average price for three quarters was 9.9. The company ' s profitability during the reporting period was equal to its sales rate of 2018 q3 in the first quarter.
The increase in exchange gains and losses has resulted in financial cost increases for companies ranging from $6,9851 per cent to $249 million on a year-on-year basis, and a sharp fall in lithium prices, adding significant increases in corporate management and financial costs, was a major factor in the company ' s expected performance in the three-quarters of 2018.
(ii) Expansion + acquisition, with the continued expansion of the company ' s equity capacity, and the acquisition of 51 per cent of the world ' s largest lithium mine, Telison, in 2014 by the Tin Qi Li, has become one of the world ' s leaders in lithium resources and has two main production bases, Shige Hong and Zhang Jia Hong.
The company expanded its production in anticipation of the unstoppable growth of new energy vehicles and a significant increase in future demand for lithium salt. The company completed its construction at the end of the year, while the battery-grade lithium hydroxide project produced 24,000 tons a year in its second phase.
In addition, in collaboration with Suining City, the construction of a 20,000-ton lithium equivalent production line will be completed by the end of 2019. In order to meet the demand for raw material for the company’s expansion in lithium smelting, the company will expand the company’s lithium concentrates to include the Tyllison lithium concentrate.
From 740,000 to 1.34 million tons, the company is expected to start production in the second quarter of 2019. By 2020, it is expected to achieve nearly 100,000 tons of self-supporting lithium salt processing capacity. In addition, the company continued to promote its share of sqm 23.77% of one of the world ' s largest lithium product suppliers during the reporting period.
If the acquisition succeeds, it will further consolidate the company’s position as the leader of the global lithium resource, and strengthen its voice in the lithium industry. The fall in lithium prices will affect the company’s performance in the short term, but will enter the four-quarter period for the sale of new energy vehicles and lithium batteries.
The demand for lithium carbonate will continue to grow as the global automobile industry develops in large ways. The company’s role as the leader in the lithium industry, increasing equity production through expansion and acquisitions, will further enhance the company’s unanticipated sales of new energy vehicles downstream of the world’s lithium 2 industry;
3) The company ' s lithium salt, lithium concentrate project process is not as good as expected.