China PV (002179), National Defence Force (FDN) R & D investment continues to grow and new business layouts accelerate.
Incidents: 3-quarter reports issued by companies in 2025, which generated operating income of 158.38 billion yuan in January-September 2025, an increase of 12.36 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies; sustained growth in R & D inputs and accelerated growth in new business layouts.
In the field of defence, companies continue to consolidate their preferred supplier status and participate fully in emerging areas such as no one, deep water, stars and arrows, with many products making breakthroughs; and in new energy vehicles, communication networks.
In high-end civil manufacturing areas, companies are pressing for car electricization, intelligent development opportunities, and a strong deployment of smart network strategic business lanes, while expanding new operations such as satellite communications. We believe that as these new areas move forward faster, they are expected to contribute more performance gains in the future.
The seventeenth meeting of the Board of Trustees and the fourteenth meeting of the seventh session of the Supervisory Board considered the adoption of the Bill on Repurchase of the Company ' s Shares at the Maximum/Minimum Price for 12 Months and agreed that the Company should use its own funds or self-financing for adoption
The Shenzhen Stock Exchange trading system repurchases the shares of the company in the form of a centralized competitive exchange. As of 30 September 2025, the company had made a breakthrough in a number of products by buying back shares in a dedicated securities account in the form of a centralized competitive exchange.
The long-term outlook remains positive, as confidence in the future development of the layer is conducive to stability and upgrading of corporate values. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: net profits for companies are projected at 3.242 billion in 2025-2027. Research and development inputs continue to grow and new business layouts accelerate.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.