The first three quarters saw a 12% increase in revenue; the product structure influenced the short-term performance of profits as expected by the market. Corporate defense orders were restored, new energy vehicles, data centres, industrial equipment, etc. were growing at a high rate and the end of the previous three quarters was growing, but business structure changed and income tax costs increased.
As a result of the pressure on profits, we rate as follows: 3q25 performance pressure; product structure and income tax affect profit margins. 1) Single quarter: 3q25, Company Yoon Cao Wei
Changes in the structure of the service and the increase in the cost of income tax are the main reasons for the decline in profit margins.
Remark: 22% growth in 1h25 battalion; breakthroughs in new and emerging areas of data centre operations with no one; second curves in data centres and so on. Company continues in the field of defence \triangleright
Quality and steady growth by 2024; future industry development; consolidation of preferred supplier status; full participation in emerging areas such as manless, deep water, star arrows, many products; new space 2025/03/29
In addition to this, the company has accelerated the construction of the “second growth curve”. 1) High-end civilian manufacturing: in the first half of the year, the company’s new energy automobile business grew at a high rate of more than 50 per cent of the same rate, covering the country’s mainstream vehicle fleet. 2) Communications network area: the company has significantly expanded its new satellite communications business. 3) data centre leader.
Fields: Companies provide a package of solutions covering power, fibre optics, high speeds and liquid cooling, and the scale of operations for the first half of the year was evaluated: 2q24 performance loops improved; baseware industry parks are now multiplying their share. In international operations, firm corporate development strategies for internationalization are promoting “I” on a continuous basis.
Long-term development of midwifery -- 2024/08/28 "and localization of important areas in smart grid combined electric vehicles, photovoltaic storage, medical, data 5. PV (002179.sz) reporting in the first quarter of 2024
There have been positive developments in areas such as the Centre, where international business orders have been growing at a faster pace in the first half of the year. Assessment: 1q24 net profit ring growth by 69 per cent; Qualitative investment proposal: company as the leader of a special domestic connector, Deepland Connector industry, committed for more than 50 years.
We expect that the year 2025-2027 will be 30 x 23 x 21x. We take into account the company's prominent position in the field of defence and its role in civil society, civil society and civil society.
\triangleright studies methodological and analytical logic, produces the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.