q3 premiums and nbv are under pressure, manpower drops 29 October 2020: China ' s life report for the third quarter of 2020 was published, generating operating income of $6.915.7 billion, or +10.8 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $47.08 billion, or 18.4 per cent.
China ' s net profits (60,1628.sh) were equal to -18.4 per cent, and China ' s net profits in the first three quarters of life realized an operating income of RMB 69,157 billion, or +10.8 per cent, and a net return to the mother of RMB 47,080 million, or -18.4 per cent, mainly as a result of a reduction in pre-tax profits of RMB 19.12 billion, as well as adjustment of pre-tax policies on fees and commissions.
q3 The negative increase in the premium for the new policy has slowed down the Nbv and the number of people in danger. q3 The liability was under pressure, with the first three quarters of the total premium, the first year of payment, and the rate of renewal falling. \trianglerights, with a 6.45% decline in the ring ratio, were caused by the ongoing impact of the epidemic, while the company took the initiative to clear the unqualified manpower for the pre-emerging period. The value of the new operations in the first three quarters was yoy + 2.7%.
In terms of health insurance, a revision of the definition of acute illness is imminent, a number of old products will be withdrawn, companies will meet the demand for a segmented market and a breakdown of customers by adjusting their product patterns, increasing insurance coverage for old and new customers, and health insurance is expected to grow rapidly after the outbreak.
\triangleright, China Life at 1h20: new business values are up ahead, manpower is up, 0.18 ppts and 0.02 ppts are up, mainly due to higher allocation of long-term interest rate debt by companies at interest rate windows, and the long-term gap in asset and liability is reduced, while taking advantage of it
Investment rating: q3 new single-intake pressure has led to an upswing in nbv and a marginal decline in manpower in the last three quarters. Given the pressure of opening up competition next year, the annual pension insurance policy will continue to grow.
After the epidemic, residents’ incomes will be transformed into a demand for health insurance, while post-disaster risk companies will introduce more new products to meet market demand, health insurance sales will be expected to turn up, and high margins will be expected to lead to a nbv upswing.
Risk factors: affected by the epidemic, agent openings are recovering at a slower pace than expected; agent capacity drops and capital market volatility leads to investment revenue.
\triangleright Wang Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Enterprise, University of Duren, United Kingdom. He has served as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Enterprise, and General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, and was employed in the Sino-Kinji Portfolio, the Chinese-Kindu Securities. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, in charge of non-monetary financial research.
Judinin, a master’s degree in finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow in the United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan’s Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for non-banking finance. Wang, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for non-bank finance.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.