The nbv growth rate is weak and the reserve increase is delaying performance in China (601628.sh)
Recently, the company released its three-quarter report for 2020. : wuppingping@chinastock.com.cn in the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved operating revenue of $69,571 million, an increase of 10.8 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2020.
Reduction of 1.6 percentage points in the first half of the year; net return to the mother of the company of 47,078 million yuan, a decrease of 18.4 per cent in the same year; major increases in the discount rate assumed by the traditional risk reserve, policy adjustments prior to the implementation of fees and commissions in 2019 and the combined effect of changes in investment returns; basic ps of 1.66 yuan, a decrease of 18.4 per cent in the same year; weighted parity
2) New policy premiums and nbv premiums have slowed at a marginal rate, product structures have continued to improve, agent teams have improved quality, quarterly long insurance premiums amount to $10.649 billion in the first year, an increase of 7.1 per cent compared to the previous year, and companies have paid $48.560 billion in the first year of the 10-year period and above as of the end of September.
Business development, with a premium for specific guaranteed products increasing by 1 percentage point on the same basis as the first-year premium. The value of new business in the first three quarters grew by 2.7% over the previous quarter, down by 4 percentage points from the first half of the year.
3) Three-quarter interest rates add up interest rates to equity market warming, and investment returns increase steadily by a percentage point. In three-quarters, companies use interest rate up windows to increase the allocation of long-term interest rate debt, move around market waves to control open market niches, optimize the internal structure, and make modest gains.
The firm ' s return on investment has continued to grow. 03 realizes investment returns (including fair annual openings, early openings, solid agency base, productive capacity release, and laying the foundation for debt-side growth.
We keep looking at the future of the company, maintaining a “recommended” rating in conjunction with company fundamentals and stock price elasticity, and we commit ourselves to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.