China: Home durability 2/12, 3 flowers on an interactive platform, says the company will maintain 15% left for nearly three years.
The product has been used in hybrid power cars and has been working on right-hand steady progress, with a zero-carbon unit, 2017 - related products used in hydrogen fuel batteries.
In 2020, the capr was 38.62%.
Three hundred and twenty-seven and twenty-five hundred and twenty-four percent are expected to be spent on clean harvesting (Yoy+25.04 percent); and one of the company's executives: Sanhua, a global military firm that produces cold control devices, sells and sells the components and components of cold air-conditioning refrigerators, and a dishwasher washing machine for coffee machines.
In 2017, the company acquired the company’s subsidiary, the company’s auto parts and components, which are heat-management industries.
The short-term report was set to meet expectations, with 19.1 per cent of roe rising in almost nine years, and a recovery in product composition that was effective: in 2017, the fast-track report showed 1.19 per cent more than 1.10 billion yuan; and 1,233 million yuan (oy + 24.39 per cent) more than Ben.
Billion dollars (yoy+29.92 per cent), up by 10 pct; but the loss of the RMB appreciation rate reached 254 million yuan (yoy+19.38 per cent) for q4 single seasons, rmb41,4884 million.
Rmb371.8 million is still valid. On the whole, the three-flower product structure was adjusted to work, and in 2017, the Roe created the stock (million shares) of total equity.
According to the Department of Trade, a new zero-value company, which is now operating in 2017, is expected to collect a new zero-value company, which is now operating in 2017.
Minus (yoy+31.7%); Micro Passage, Avico and other business plans to split current collection ratios (2018f).
We're waiting for the core heat-management provider at the factory, and we've got a short profit sheet (rmb million dollars) on the stock market.
At the same time, the three flowers are the taps of the home-based zero component, the main product of which is the four-producers, the electric bulge, the microchannel heat exchange market, which is the world's number one, 56%, 30% and 50%. In 2017, electricity grew.
Peripheral, cut-off, quadruple sales have increased by 50.87 per cent, 48.44 per cent, 48.85 per cent, which has led to a significant increase in revenue. In the long run, the three-year household electricity bill will sustain some 16.37 per cent of the steady growth, and its zero-carbon bill is based on the capacity to release the product.
For reasons such as the increase in the number of new energy vehicles, the growth of cagr or the achievement rate between 2017 and 2020 is determined and the target price of $22.9 is maintained: the traditional cold parts industry is the backbone of the industry and the cash flow is stable; it was signed in the three-time period between 2019 and 2020.
New energy car heat management parts are ordered to be released centrally, capital investments are made, and performance growth is determined. On the whole, an increase of $2.58 to $1,233 million in net profits in 2017 is maintained by analysts and key disclosures.a
Oh Xiaojia, Yuan Da and his research report carry the company’s name, which may be in the business of the present or the future, and the investor’s understanding that the company’s interests may be in conflict with the objectivity of the report.
At the same time, this report should be considered only as one of the factors to be taken into account.
Annex: Key disclosures: Analyst who is primarily responsible for writing the full or partial content of the study report and who is responsible for issuing the certificate or certificate in this report, this statement: (1) all the points in the paper reflect his personal views on the issuers of the certificate or certificate; (2) any specific investment proposals or observations made by the analysts of the Department of Research in this study are not directly or indirectly related to any part of his past, present or future remuneration.
3x2050ch - Three-year historical trends in investment advice and target prices Source: Bloomberg, Note: a = share price adjusted for equity and cash equity; b = target price not adjusted; c = target price adjusted for equity and cash equity.
This is based on the Centre's analysis of the development prospects, financial statements, issues of interest, evaluation information, and risks. It is recommended that investors increase their share in the investment pool.
Holdings - Beyond Associates: The Center believes that, based on the current stock price, the stock base is more attractive than the same business. This view is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, issues of interest, evaluation information, and risk profile.
This view is based on the Centre’s assessment of the future of the stock, its financial statements: the Centre’s estimates, ratings, and target prices are still under evaluation, but it is still actively tracking the stock.
The Chinese Survey series does not have a formal 12-month target price, and its investment proposal is owned by a major copy of the analyst's report, which is based on data that the company recognizes, but does not guarantee its integrity or correctness. The report does not contain any offer or invitation for the sale of tickets.
All the comments and projections in the report are based on the company’s findings on a given date, and changes will not be notified. China: Home durability 3x3 (002050ch)
This report only provides general information, information or any opinion, and does not constitute any offer or offer of a purchase certificate or other investment. The publication of the report is intended only for the general use of clients, and is not intended to provide specific investment advice, and does not take into account the different financial circumstances and objectives of any person who may receive the report. For any certificate, investment label or investment strategy discussed or recommended in the investment report, or discussed or recommended in the document, the investor should consult with financial consultants on whether it is appropriate for itself.
The report is not (and should not be explained) that in any jurisdiction, any person or company that is not in possession of a legal certificate of record or a transaction is a matter of conduct or negotiation within that jurisdiction. The dollar’s study reports that only the principal investment legal person in the United States (released under Rule 15a-6 of the Securities and Exchange Act 1934 and its amended provisions and the US Securities and Exchange Commission) has been sent to the United States.
American investors who want to carry out transactions related to certificates issued in this report are required to register vouchers through section 15 of the Securities and Exchange Act 1934 and its amendments. Yuan Da's study was published in Taiwan by a large certificate investment firm, and in Hong Kong by a large certificate company, Hong Kong.
In order to obtain detailed information on any certificate contained in this report, Taiwan officials should contact Grand Certificate Investment Inc. by:
Hong Kong people who wish to obtain detailed information on any of the certificates contained in this report should contact Yuan Dalian (Hong Kong) Limited at Hong Kong Summer Road 18.
One 23rd floor in Hee Fu Center, China: Home durability 3x50 (002050ch)