3x10 (002050.sz) Home appliances/white appliances.
The company issued a fast-track performance report for 2017, with revenue growth of 25.04 per cent and net profit growth of 36.66 per cent: During the reporting period, the company was operating well, sales earnings continued to grow and profitability increased further. In 2017, the company achieved gross operating income of 957 million yuan, an increase of 25.04 per cent over the same period;
Operating profits of $147 million, an increase of 36.66 per cent over the same period. Realizing net gains attributable to shareholders in listed companies is $123 million, an increase of 24.39 per cent over the same period. Four quarters of a single quarter is expected to generate revenues of $2,383 million, which is expected to increase the pre-emptive advantage in the field of new energy car heat management by levitating the global leadership of the refrigeration industry.
Rapidly responding to market changes, accelerating the strategic layout of the expansion, and achieving new breakthroughs in market opening, technological innovation, globalization, and management progress in the Lee Wanshan Bureau have led to a growth in corporate performance as a whole.
Refrigeration, domestic electricity, microchannels are still leading the industry and are expected to grow at a high rate in the future: the company’s main product, four-way valves, cut-off valves and electronic expansion valves, are among the leading players in the global market sector. The company’s cooling operations are expected to grow at a rate of up to 2017.
The company is now a first-tier supplier of Tesla, mainly supplying it with swelling valves and water.
The company has established a stable partnership with a number of front-line companies both inside and outside the country. According to the company’s recent announcement, the three-channel zero has again been identified as the second-generation power-producing pipe for electric cars.
The suppliers of components, the relevant models, are expected to be marketed in bulk in 2019, with a cumulative expected sales value of more than RMB 1.1 billion over the life cycle; global suppliers are identified as the Volvo New Energy Electric Motor Platform Waterboard project, with a projected domestic sales volume of more than RMB 600 million over the life cycle.
The automotive sector has a huge market space, and companies are expected to become global leaders in the heat management system.
Double-wheel drive