In the event of the release of the annual newspaper, 2020, the year 2020, the harvest was $31,445 million, compared to +26. The year was 601688.
The magnification trend is accelerating and profitability is increasing. As of the end of 2020, the total assets of the stock market in Washington, D.C. \triangleright \
Less, the quality of assets is further strengthened. With the leverage boosted, the company’s wealth management and investment growth has increased rapidly, and together it has contributed to an annualization of the company from roe to 8.61%, faster than the technology-enhanced wealth management transition, with revenues from financial product substitution + 188%. Companies have moved in earlier.
\triangleright, one of the coupons for the transformation of wealth management, was awarded the first fund investment pilot qualification in March 2020, and the transformation of wealth management accelerated.
Focusing on optimizing customer investment-management needs by providing a one-stop wealth management solution to clients through mobile platforms, building a digital platform based on product integration, product development, intelligence, investment, business performance.
Type of app first. Corporate product creation capacity is further strengthened, with differentiated product strategies based on client hierarchies 705.3 billion yuan in financial product sales in 2020, +88.40% in comparison, performance, consolidation of financial management investment advantages.
Business income of $6,460 million, or +57.3 per cent, is high on capital intermediation, where companies are good at exploiting customer demand, issuing an open, on-line securities lending platform, “lending bonds”, further upgrading of the digital business model of securities lending, efficient capital intermediation, corporate year
The net interest income for the year was 2,605 million yuan, compared to +22.8%, and the size of the combined business grew at a faster rate than in the city. The size of the company’s offshore subsidiary, theassetmark, grew by 21 to 74.5 billion dollars on a year-on-year basis.
Growing up, financial products are becoming richer, wealth management industries are facing the blue sea, and companies are expected to increase their share of technology-enhanced wealth management businesses with a large customer base in Sinda Securities.
In 2020, the company ran the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing.
Realising net revenue from the operating fees of the investment bank, $3.644 billion, or +87.2 per cent, is far higher than industry parity, maintaining industry for the third year in a row. During the reporting period, the company ' s ipo 21 items, the amount of the principal underwriting, the amount of corporate bond underwriting, 56.6 billion yuan, an increase of 63 per cent over the same period, rose the industry ' s ranking from seventh place.
To the fifth. As of March 23, 2021, the company ' s ipo reserve had 42 projects, followed only by the Sino-Sin securities, the China-China-Kin-Kin-Kin investment, and the company ' s investment portfolio had long been focused on new industries such as tmt, health, etc., with a long-term focus on new economic investments in the context of the upgrading of national industries and their direct share.
The operational advantage will be further highlighted by the expected further increase in the market share of the portfolio in 2021, and the breakthrough in the off-site derivatives business, which is expected to further improve the efficiency of the use of funds and the level of roe. \triangleright
Walter is one of the companies in the industry that proposed de-directional investment, and since 2013 has been steadily controlling the size of the equity investment and developing quantitative hedges. Since 2019, derivatives from the field have been breaking out, driving equity investment up rapidly.
The market for goods accounts for 12.26%, further narrowing the gap with the top two middle- and middle-class businesses, with the new out-of-field derivatives ranking first for 17 months. The high-speed development of company off-site derivatives helps companies to further improve their financial efficiency and roe levels.
The company \triangleright received a pilot and regulatory qualification in March 2020, piloted a fund to invest in business, and
In December, the company became the first Asian financial institution to qualify as a marketer in London. The company acquired a number of innovative business qualifications based on business strength, wind control, etc., widening its operating boundaries and taking advantage of innovative business. In addition, in early February 2021, the company acquired a number of innovative business qualifications.
Incentives for restricted stockholdings were approved for the Hua Taia stock, which is a future conditional phase-out of equity incentives for lifting the restrictions, linking the annual performance indicators of companies to their individual performance. Companies placed great emphasis on equity-sharing and financial science and technology inputs, raising the importance of two things to almost the point.
Similar to the income/profit ratio indicator (30% equity split + 35% in financial science and technology, and 35% cutbacks) shows the firm’s determination to develop robustly over the long term. Corporate buybacks and equity incentives help to stabilize the core, make it more attractive to external talent, and enhance the firm’s core competitiveness;
The benefits and risks of corporate development are borne directly by the core cadre, and long-term incentives and restraint mechanisms are optimized to enable companies to steadily advance their development strategies and achieve their business objectives, corporate values, investment proposals: Washington securities have a large brokering customer base, financial technology and investment capabilities
At the forefront of the industry, buyers have a pre-emptive advantage in the transition, and wealth management is expected to expand further; the investment business has always been one of the company's advantages, and, in the context of the trend towards reform of the registration system, the company will benefit from a further increase in the concentration of the investment; equity incentives are approved and the company is steadily implementing them.
Development strategies, strong incentives to achieve business goals, Roe is expected to continue to rise, suggesting attention. And expectations; low self-performance due to high volatility in capital markets; no distribution of company shareholdings; figure 6: more than 20% growth for the second consecutive year of business assetmarkaum
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Enterprises, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and former Deputy General Manager of Naval Capital Leasing, and General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Business, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-monetary financial research, Judining, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities in April 2020.
Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 to conduct research on the non-banking financial sector, which is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.