M.M.M. (300760) Medical biology, "Mae" to the global, "R" to the south-west securities research and development centre
How to see the company's future revenue and market value space? We've been reviewing the four-stage growth of Murray's health care for 30 years, and we're going through the 2009-2015 backwinds and servers, and the company has succeeded in bringing the king back after 2016, thanks to the upgrading of its three production lines and the improvement of its products and channels through the “Innovation + Merger + Internationalization” process.
With the acceleration of domestic import substitution, the global competitiveness of Chinese firms and the growth of the new champions’ revenues increased 35-fold, net profits increased 46-fold, and history has witnessed the success of Murray’s health care. This study is based on the genetic properties of the company’s “innovation + M & A – internationalization” – taking into account the development path of the world’s giants.
Considering that the future space of the company needs to be analysed from a global perspective and that the main products such as custodians, respirators, anaesthesia machines, lamps, bed towers, defibrillators, blood cells, biochemicals, ultrasounds, etc., have all been brought to the top of national production, and that the future is expected to hit the world first, we believe that the company has the capability to copy this growth path to chemical light, blood condensation, animal.
The ability to use, mirrors, respirators, etc... We see the potential of the company ' s future revenue end in two ways: 1) business lines can reach the market size of more than $100 billion, and as the share rises, the company ' s three main lines of production and new business aggregates are expected to support the company ' s revenue space of $15 billion in 2030;
The median corresponding income was $7.1 billion and $15.2 billion, respectively. In market space, given that companies are well above the profitability and growth capacity of the global giants, it is estimated that 10 billion lives are info and support: leading role models, global city occupancy has steadily increased.
In 2019, the global average was 15% and 11%, respectively, while in the short term, in the case of respirators, defibrillators, lightbeds, defibrillators, hard mirrors, etc., damaged operations are expected to resume year by year in 2020, while in the post-epidemiology era, the new infrastructure of medical care is expected to offer opportunities for sustained growth, according to our calculations.
The new capital programme for domestic medical care will bring about a $10 billion increase in the market for products such as monitors, respirators, etc., and is expected to generate about $5 billion in shares, which is expected to be reflected gradually over the next two to three years.
So, in the short term, the production line is still expected to grow robustly at a high base. Growth, with demand for anti-epidemic products remaining high. 2) In the long run, with the "goods grinding plus pushing out new plus strong value for money advantage plus successful overseas sales
(20-10-31) Sales channels + branding during the epidemic”, followed by a sustained increase in the global market share of products, and with 2. Miri Medical (300,760): performance accelerated in the second quarter.
Synergy of products from his line of operations. ivd and image operations are expected to improve in the second half of the year (2020-08-28)
In vitro diagnosis: steady and steady, eventually turning into an engine of growth. In the last 20 years, there has been a lack of blood cells, biochemistry and chemical light.
External release of anti-epidemic products (2020-07-15) Murray Medical (300760): q1 continued robust performance 1) in the blood cell analysis market, full company product, five-class analyser technology, market share
In 2019, the country was expected to have the second largest city in a third, with a global share of 10 per cent, and the third, with the prospect of a direct follow-up to Heason Maycomb. 2) In the field of chemical light, companies introduced chemical light tests relatively late compared to their competitors.
But the acceleration has been leading the industry, mainly because of the company's whole-ivd production line layout, and there are synergies between the different testing projects: 2 light reagent tests are well-structured, close to clinical requirements, no apparent short-cuts: 3 canals, improved layout, high hospital coverage, and rapid growth in instrumentation. We expect the company chemistry to grow in the next few years.
In biochemistry, the company’s share of the market is about 10%, after Beckman and Rhodes, and is ranked first in the country’s production.
The company’s ivd line will continue to grow steadily in 2020, with reagent output or short pressure expected to return to the growth engine as reagents are released in 2021.
Medical images: Focused ultrasound, breaking at superhigh ends. The company’s production line consists mainly of ultrasound diagnostic systems and digital X-ray imaging systems, with colours exceeding the core, accounting for about 85% of the revenue. From 2015 to 2019, the global market for medical operations accounted for about 7-8%, the domestic market for about 18%, and through a low- and medium-level (dc series).
High-end power (Quinlon series), breaking into super-high-end (under study), the company is expected to be the country’s first-ever breakthrough, Philip’s monopoly of state production in the super-high-end heart area. In 2020, bid procurement was negatively affected by the epidemic’s impact, and growth is expected to resume in 2021.
Veterinary devices: A return to strength, entry into the potential market. The pet consumer market is growing rapidly, with the pet medical market in the immediate need sector not affected by health insurance, and companies rely on the use of human products, both at home and abroad.
Taking into account the development of the global veterinary facility leader, the idexx laboratory, the dynamic animal product, vd, and the animal ultrasound, we believe that Méri ' s medical care, with a more complete product line, is expected to open up new growth points and is expected to contribute $200 million in revenue in 2024.
2) Microsurgery: Focus on hard mirrors, fluorescent endoscopes are coming out. In 2019, the global market for hardscopes was $5.69 billion, with $4.4 billion in white mirrors, $1.3 billion in fluorescent mirrors, and fluorescent hardscopes, based on broad spectroscopy advantages, are expected to gradually broaden their clinical coverage, with fluorescent mirrors accounting for more than half of the market in 2024.
In 2019, the domestic market was $6.53 billion, and it is expected to increase by 11 per cent by 2019-2024 at a combined rate of $11 billion, of which 110 million in 2019 was the market for fluorescent mirrors at the start-up stage, less than $1 billion, accounting for 32 per cent of our market for rigid mirrors.
In 2019, our osteoporology was implanted into medical devices, a rapid growth phase, based on the country's large population base, the acceleration of the social ageing process and the need for medical care.
The number of osteoporology surgeries is still expected to increase at a higher rate. The share of joints and spinal columnes increases in space compared to overseas, such as 0.4 surgeries per 1,000 people in China, 3.3 in the United States, 4.9 in Germany and more than 10 times in the future.
You're still grinding products, and it's hoped to create new growth points in the post-harvest era through the use of channels to leverage the markets for the bone. 49 times. Given that companies rely on “innovation + M & A + internationalization” they will continuously increase their global share, giving them a share.
1) Life information and support operations: During the new crown epidemic, the global demand for anti-epidemic equipment, such as monitors and respirators, is high: the new post-epidemic medical infrastructure will provide opportunities for continued growth in corporate life information and support operations. 2020-2022 is expected to have some negative impact on services such as anaesthesia, lightbeds, defibrillators, hard mirrors, etc., with a potential to resume in 2021 and 2022.
2) In vitro diagnostic operations: In vitro diagnostic instruments were put into normal operation in 2020, with a decline in single reagents due to the effects of the epidemic, 3) medical imaging operations: exposure to a new coronary outbreak at the beginning of 2020, short-term decline in the demand of terminal hospitals for the purchase of colored super equipment, 1) the market believes that Mary's medical care is at a more mature stage of growth and will not be sufficiently dynamic in the future.
From a global perspective, Murray is still in the early stages of growth. In implementing its globalization strategy, the company has set up three major businesses that have access to the market of hundreds of billions of dollars; has access to new lanes such as veterinary appliances, micro-inventive medicine, or osteoporology. There is enough room for long-term growth. 2) The market believes that the need for anti-epidemic equipment is unsustainable after the new crown outbreak, and that the company’s performance may be affected.
To benefit from the new global medical infrastructure, the company will continue its need for anti-epidemic equipment as a global custodian. Moreover, after the outbreak, it is expected that the in vitro diagnosis and medical imaging operations, which are more adversely affected by the epidemic, will rebound.
"Innovation + Merger + Internationalization," Merrayan sails a trillion-dollar sword.
Miri was founded in 1991 by Lixitine, Xu Hong, Sung-ming, and others, and, after nearly 30 years of development, has become China’s largest and world-lead provider of medical devices and solutions. The company ranked 34 out of qmed’s 100% list of medical appliances in 2019, the highest-ranking company in China.
Figure 1: Recapitulation of the history of Murray's medical growth, the return of the King of Murray's medical care to the stars and stars. The 30-year history of Myrry's medical care, the history of China's medical industry, and the history of China's economy. Looking back at this history of growth, we can roughly divide it into four phases:
1991-2003: Primary calfs. Mainly in the establishment, exploration and start-up phase of the company, the first year of its existence was mainly in the form of guardianship products, but the second year was on the path of autonomous research and development, autonomous branding, the development of single-parameter oxygen saturation, the maintenance of the monitor, and the subsequent continuous development of ultrasound and in vitro diagnostic products.
At home, after the SARS, the country’s investment in health care has increased significantly, and local medical short sheets have quickly been compensated for, leading to a high rate of growth in the company’s domestic business; overseas, surveillance lines and video products, characterized by high value for money, have been successfully explored for internationalization, with overseas revenues exceeding those of the country in 2007.
Listed at New York Post as the first overseas company in China’s medical equipment industry. 3) 2009–2015: Reverse wind surges and servers. After the 2008 financial crisis, domestic and foreign operations grew at a significant rate, with companies focusing on major industries and reducing efficiency gains, intensifying their efforts to invest in research and development, and making a full breakthrough in high-end products (including the N series)
The start of the U.S. stock withdrawal process began, with increased costs.) 2016–to date: Kings return to the sea of stars. Revenue capr = 22.4% in 2016–2019, net profits cagr = 43%. Domestically, import substitution has been accelerating since 2016, with firms experiencing a strong rebound in domestic business growth.
In October 2018, the company was listed on a stock market and became the master of domestic medical equipment, but in 2019, the amount of corporate income was only $2.4 billion.
In the long run, the company’s goal is to gain access to the top 20 providers of medical devices worldwide: the longer target is to reach the top 10 globally and achieve global leadership in major layout areas. So, we believe that the fourth phase of development, starting in 2016, is expected to continue into 2030.
The company’s holdings are concentrated, with Li Sitting and Xu Air as actual controllers. By the end of 2020 q3, Mr. Li has indirectly held 26.9% of the company’s shares through the smartco development, Mr. Xu has indirectly held 24.43% of the company’s shares through Magnifice(hk)limited, both acting in concert, and 3.89% and 3.72% indirectly through Wieslow and Wisdom, respectively.
The company has 39 offshore subsidiaries in more than 30 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and Latin America: 17 domestic subsidiaries and more than 40 affiliates form a vast network of globalized R & D, marketing and services.
1.2 High performance driven by three production lines, leading to business efficiency: growth from $1.6 billion to $4.68 billion, capr = 43 per cent, net profit gains from maternity are all higher than income growth, mainly due to: 1) the shift from low to high end and the increase in the share of high Maori products; 2) advertising and promotion fees, recruitment and training fees, etc.
Lower sales rates and lower management rates. Operating income in the first three quarters of 2020 was $16.6 billion (+29.8 per cent), mainly due to the high demand for disease-resistant products such as custodians, respirators, injection pumps, etc., resulting in a net profit of $5.36 billion (+46.1 per cent) from the mother, faster than the increase in revenue, mainly due to: 1) the spread of the epidemic, the company ' s reduction in global penetration and travel costs; and 2) the share of high Maori products in Piti.
The company’s current lines of operation include life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery. The company’s revenue is stable in comparison with its operations in 2014-2019, the year 2019.
Interest and support products, in vitro diagnostic products, and medical imagery products account for about 38%, 35%, 24%, respectively: 2020h1 life information and support products increased to 50%, mainly due to increased demand for anti-epidemic products. The Māori rate rose steadily, the four rates fell year by year, and the profitability of companies increased year by year from 2014 to the first three quarters of 2020.
The Māori rate of the guardianship and video lines has gradually increased, while the vd line has slightly decreased overall Māori rates as a result of instrumentation strategies.According to cost, the increase in the scale effect of the domestic distribution system and in the per capita benefits of the company, the management rate of efficiency gains from 2014 to 2020 has been significantly reduced and the R&D rate stabilized.
The increase of $299,000 to $384,000 reflects, on the one hand, an increase in corporate size effects and per capita performance, and, on the other hand, a continuous increase in the remuneration levels of company employees, which is a very benign increase. From the horizontal comparison between companies and domestic equipment leading companies in 2019, companies generate income per capita, profit per capita, and pay per capita is far higher than their peers, we believe.
In 2019, the world’s giants generated income per capita at around $1 million to $3 million, and in 2019, the company generated more than $1.5 million per capita, leading Faesunius and Pepsi.
In terms of per capita income-generating indicators, the company is at the forefront of 477,000 yuan per person, followed by intuitive surgery and Ed 1.3 innovation: sustained and substantial investment in research and development, rich in technological innovations, high technical barriers to equipment, and the need for interdisciplinary and sustained high inputs.
There is a higher demand for research and development capabilities. Compared to pharmaceuticals, medical devices cover more areas, including hardware, software, biology, medicine, etc., while there is a greater “progressive innovation” of equipment products, mainly for intergenerational upgrading, which requires constant change by the enterprise, which is an interdisciplinary, integrated, sustained and high-intensity health-care track.
US$ 25.3 billion, an increase of 3.6% over the same period; the global total R & D cost is about 5.8%, of which the top 20 companies have sustained high R & D investment and have yielded good results. Corporate R & D investment has remained high, with Murray being the only medical instrument to be ranked among the top 50 companies in 2017 in the National Development Commission ' s patent holdings.
Over 70 per cent of the company ' s R & D costs were paid by employees and about $1.07 billion in 2019, according to which M & D workers were paid at a higher level of $4.27 million. In the first half of 2020, the company introduced a telemetry of tm70 (1.4g), with a high nsp.
New types of end-injection pumps, high-end infusion pumps at nvp, high-end pump workstations at nds, central station at ncs infusion fluids, nb300 new recruits, several baby respirators, 4k end-of-scopic camera systems, hard mirror instruments, new products such as dc-80a, dc-90 ultrasound, dc-30 full hd ultrasound, mx8/7, me8/7 notebook ultrasound, resonahepatus 6w/5w high-end examination machine and liver fibre machine, etc.
In 2019, the company was the only company with a marketed equipment company that spent more than $1 billion on research and development, a slightly lower input ratio than the Vantaa and Antoussen.
In the direction of R & D inputs, data are disclosed in a stock book, the cost of image line R & D in 2017 was slightly greater than the ivd line, and the life information and support line was slightly lower, with an overall balance of about 10%. There is a clear division of labour among the world’s eight major R & D centers, and the start-up of the Wuhan Center is the second global headquarters base.
The eight major R & D centres, located in Shenzhen, Beijing, Nanjing, Chengdu, Xi 'an, Silicon Valley (United States), New Jersey (United States), Seattle (United States), facilitate the integration of global resources. Each R & D centre concentrates on different areas of disaggregation, helping companies to achieve rapid and efficient R & D innovation. In June 2020, a total of $4.5 billion was invested in the construction of Wuhan Centre, which includes Wuhan Institute, Bing Han.
Two major sub-projects, with a total area of approximately 271 acres and a total building area of about 620,000 square metres, will be completed, and the Wuhan Centre will become the second global headquarters base for Murray. The project will include the manufacture of osteoporosis implants and surgical equipment, test reagents, biological raw materials, micro-surgery equipment, etc.
The completion of the project will allow for further upgrading of R & D production capacity and the development of new and emerging businesses while focusing on the main sector.
The Chinese Manufacturing 2025 proposes to improve the innovation and industrialization of medical devices, focusing on the development of high-performance diagnostic equipment such as video equipment, medical robotics, full-degradation vascular racks, and high-value medical consumables such as “13th Five” plans to accelerate the transition of the medical equipment industry as a whole to innovation-driven development.
Improvement of the chain of innovation in the development of medical devices. Selection of the first, second and third batch of high-quality nationally produced medical equipment was completed in December 2014, February 2016 and February 2017, respectively, to facilitate the nationalization of medical equipment. Priority approval procedures for medical devices in October 2016, and special review procedures for innovative medical devices in November 2018 contributed to the upgrading of innovative medical equipment.
As of December 29, 2019, 244 products had entered the Special Review of Innovative Medical Devices, and according to the State Council's blow-out session, the time frame for registering products for entry into the Special Approval Channel was 83 days less than for other products of the same kind.
The company, as the leader of the national production, is expected to benefit from policy support for the national production of innovative instruments. 87 innovative medical equipment products were selected by the Ministry of Science and Technology in its Directory of Innovative Medical Devices (2018). Seven products were selected by the company, namely, the colored Doppler ultrasound system (dc-80), the full-automatic chemical light immune analyser (cl-2000i series), the full-automatic blood cell analyser, the full-fledged blood cell analyser.
Table 1: Summary of policies related to medical devices
1.4 Mergers and acquisitions: Incorporation of innovative technologies, expansion of new markets and new businesses Launching global technology mergers and acquisitions, seeking opportunities for sustained growth. Mergers and acquisitions integration is one of the key growth strategies for companies, which have started global M&As since 2008.
In order to improve the integrated competitiveness of existing operations in the medium- and high-end sectors in the higher barriers and longer research and development industries, in 2008 the company acquired the datascope life-guard business with $202 million (RMB 1.506 billion) in cash and a network of sales platforms and services in the United States and Europe.
The transition to internationalization became the third largest brand of a global custodian. At the time, the datascope mid-sized and small hospitals under 300 beds in the United States had a direct marketing advantage, providing opportunities for cross-sales for other Murray products, with significant synergies.) In 2013, companies had purchased and purchased Sonare, the leading US-wide ultrasound diagnostic system with $105 million (623 million yuan).
In 2015, based on the advanced technology of Zonare's high-end medical imagery, the company launched a high-end super product resona7. It achieved a breakthrough in high-end national production technology. 3) In 2011-2014, the company acquired deep-tech shares, Huixeng Su, Greenland Zhejiang, Changsha Sky, Hangzhou.
Companies such as Halo, Wuhande Bail, Beijing Pulson, Shanghai Medical Light, Ulco, Shanghai Long Island, etc., while focusing on the main business. 4) After 2015, when the United States withdrew from the market and posted a stock market, the company ' s domestic and overseas markets have achieved a better performance in recent years, including mergers and acquisitions and their integration during the period 2008-2014, such as custody devices, ultrasound, etc.
As integration is over, we believe that companies will still use M&As to absorb global innovation and expand marketing channels and new businesses. The M&As are technologically internalized, with strong alliances driving innovation.
"Lun" is a process where companies often have some outstanding technology, or there are some forward-looking layouts in some of the new areas, where firms integrate global innovation through mergers and acquisitions, or upgrade their product performance, or move into new areas, a process that looks very much like the integration effect of public authorities on the subject matter of the acquisition. In the past, companies have been very good at maximizing the M & As, with a series of Klon colours.
Example: When the company acquired Sonare for $105 million (623 million yuan) in 2013, the Zonnare research and development team developed revolutionary zone-sonography {tm} technologies that significantly improved the quality of the image of the product. After the acquisition of Zonare, the company acquired the technology and channels of Zonare.
On stage, the company’s Klon series of high-end colours, the quality of the images has improved significantly, resulting in a scan of the ultrasound imaging domain, a worldwide dynamic focus, smart sound speed matching, and four major innovations in holographic technology. By 2015, 1.3 billion yuan in goodwill, or 10.6% of total assets, represented about 50% of the M & As, with a major distribution.
By 2020q3, corporate goodwill as a share of total assets had fallen to 4.1 per cent, a very small proportion of which looked forward to the company ' s potential to continue buying and buying new technologies, expanding new markets and new businesses in the global market in the future. 1.5 Internationalization: import substitution to global substitution, from China ' s first hit.
Domestic and foreign operations together drive income growth. Subregionally, in 2019, mainland China received 58% and overseas 42%, respectively. Over the last 20 years, the company’s overseas business grew from zero to 7 billion yuan, with North America, Europe, and Latin America as the main markets abroad.
Corporate income abroad is ahead of the domestic level, and internationalization is close to a global leader. Compared to domestic instruments, companies account for 42.4% of overseas income, which is lower than some low-value consumption, but far higher than comparable domestic firms with similar operations, and
In 2019, the company’s overseas market generated more than $7 billion in revenue, reflecting the globalized layout of the company. From the global market, global revenue from instruments in other parts of the world, apart from the largest market, averaged about 49% in 2019.
The company’s operations are well organized, with products and solutions entering 190 countries and territories, with more than 100 in-situ service stations in 19 countries and territories. 1) High-end: in the United States, where the technical and technical thresholds are highest and the technical regulations are most stringent, the company’s products are in about two-thirds of the hospitals and nearly 10,000 medical facilities.
Nine of the top 10 heart hospitals in the United States use corporate products. More than 20 subsidiaries have been set up in various countries to help upgrade local health care. The 2020 epidemic has led to a significant increase in corporate overseas orders, with companies expected to increase their recognition in the global market on the basis of value for money.
From import to global substitution, China’s first hit is the world’s number one. From the company’s past development, China’s share of the company’s main market has increased significantly in recent years. Guardians and defibrillators have been ranked first in the domestic market.
The share is also the first, reflecting the firm’s position as the absolute leader already established in a domestic enterprise, which we believe reflects the fact that the public is first in the country, as a basis for sprinting the world’s first development path, largely proving the company’s ability to “replication” in a wide range of operations. In the case of custodians, the company’s share in the domestic custodian market in 2012 was 44%, rising in 2017.
By 65%, the market share of the company grew by about 21 pp over five years, replacing imports in the domestic market, while the global share was also 1.6 for the future: his mountain stone looked at the potential of Méri's health care for trillions of dollars.
Business income now stands at $28.9 billion, $14.2 billion, resulting in net profits of $4.8 billion and $1 billion. Over the last 10 years, the average annual compound increase in US business income has been about 7 per cent, the average annual compound increase in net profits has been about 5 per cent, and overall growth has slowed.
In 1975, the company set up a neuro-business unit, which was based on its own power-stimulating technology. Since 1990, the company has acquired companies such as Ave, Sofamordanek, Minimmed, mrg, 2015.
Madonli’s innovation: keeping research and development high and leading new technologies high, and keeping research and development high for a long time.
For the fiscal year 2021h1, R & D costs US$ 1.3 billion (8.5 billion RMB, historical exchange rate) and R & D rates of 9.2% were used to innovate through continuous upgrading of existing product lines, development of new products (invention), breakthrough innovation (distortion) three dimensions.
With the United States as the main market for global marketing. The market is global, including the United States, other mature markets (Western Europe, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, South Korea) and emerging markets (largely large).
China, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Russia, South-East Asia, South Asia). For the subregion, 2021h1 fiscal years saw operating revenues in the United States of America, other mature markets, emerging markets of $41, 24, 1.1 billion, or 53 per cent, 32 per cent. Figure 35: Composition of annual income for the US$21h1 fiscal year.
M&A: M&A integration is an important growth path to the growth of the equipment. In the process, M&As, Roth and S.S.C., they have played a very important role in keeping technology up-to-date and cross-track integration. Since the 1980s, M&As have expanded operations from pacemaker to heart intervention, insulin injection pumps, ridges, surgery, etc.
In 1998, Madonli bought Sofamordanek for $3.6 billion as the global leader in the spinal industry; in 2001, Minimed for $3.7 billion to build a pancreas-like pancreatic insulin injection pump through technological integration to expand operations into diabetes; and in 2015, nearly $50 billion to acquire Quixian medicine.
The treatment (covidien), which further builds the status of a leader; the acquisition of Mazor in 2018, which opened a new journey of surgical robotics.
Medley, Szek, buy the ostgonics, enter the joints.
To become a vd leader, buy the sofamor osteoporosis field for $3.6 billion.
The coach lays the foundation. danek, acquires spinal products, buys bioverislificescience.
Buying dimsa, entering the spinal cordon, buying the Minimed into the second generation sequenced market for $3.7 billion.
He became the leader of the insulin injection pump and the continuous Portuguese sugar testing system.
Covidien, which became hand-held, purchased plant equipment from the implant company, large-scale production of test instruments.
Acquisition of sequencing companiesgenia implesworldwide. techonologies
What about the future development potential of Murray's medical care, based on the history of global giants? First of all, Méri's medical care has acquired the genes of an innovative, M & A, and internationalized giant, and future operations are expected to grow in global markets.
A few chapters have been analysed in more detail. We look at the potential of the future earnings of companies from two perspectives: 1) from the market size of the lines of business and the increase in the share of the company, and from the 2030 revenue projection: 2) from the top 20 targets and the time of the company’s impact on global instruments:
In 2019, the company earned about $2.3 billion, with a market share of about 2.3%, and as the industry grows, it is expected to reach $170 billion in 2030. Given that the global market share of corporate custodians, anaesthesia machines, blood cells is already over 10% (15%, 11%, 10%, respectively, in 2019), I...
It is expected that the remaining products, such as respirators, lightbeds, tremors, biochemicals, chemical light, and dr, will be able to recover successful products and achieve a breakthrough in the global market share, assuming a share of 15 per cent, 5 per cent and 15 per cent of the market for the three production lines of life information and support, ivd and images, respectively, in 2030, corresponding income of 43.9, 61.1 per cent, respectively.
$2.84 billion, plus 5 per cent, 5 per cent and 0.5 per cent respectively for veterinary appliances, rigid mirrors, orthopaedics, for accounts receivable, figure 37: increase in the size of the company ' s main products and solutions, or increase in the size of the company ' s main products; 2) use of ultrasound and dr market size for image market size, or increase in the size of the market; 3) classification of veterinary equipment, microsurgery, or osteoporology as new operations to be active in the coming years; 4) by
The goal is to enter the top 20 providers of medical devices in the next decade, which we believe will be achieved within 5-10 years. In 2019, the world’s 20th largest health-care company will earn $5.1 billion, with $10 billion in revenue that is expected to support the market value of Merri’s trillion.
The average net interest rate for the top 10 equipment giants in the world was 11.9 per cent in 2017-2019, excluding some of the highly volatile enterprises, and more than 10 per cent of the enterprises were eligible only for intuitive surgery (srg.o), Edward (new.n), which had a median of 64x and 53x, respectively, for the past three years. Given the company ' s excellent profitability and growth capacity, we anticipate that the average interest rate for the top 10 machines will be 11.9%.
Highest, but based on the profitability and growth of companies far above the global giants, we believe that this forecast is reasonable.
Figure 40: P-band of intuitive surgery (srg.o)
2.1 The model business highlights global competitiveness, with new domestic medical infrastructure or $5 billion in growth, robust growth in life information and support product income, and increasing profitability. The life information and support business transmits core niche business to companies, including guardianship, defibrillators, anaesthetics, respirators, electrocardiograms, light towers, injection pumps, hard.
From 2015 to 2019, life information (year-on-year +4.2pp) increased profitability. Core product markets steadily increased, highlighting leadership models. Life information and support production lines have increased in the last few years.
Quicker than the industry average and higher in the global market, where custodians and anaesthetic machines are the country's third-largest market position, with global market shares exceeding 10 per cent, and have become the firm's benchmark for global competitiveness; the lightbed tower's first and seventh share of the country, with a prominent position; and the respirator as a starter, using the epidemic in 2020.
We expect a rapid increase in the share of the global market for this product to be achieved by a significant amount. In our view, companies are expected to continue to grow and to create synergies with the development of other lines of production in terms of life information and support for production lines that are grinded with fine products, new, highly competitive in terms of value for money, and in deep-farming overseas distribution channels that have been successfully opened for more than a decade.
The global epidemic has not been fully controlled, and there is still a demand for anti-epidemic products. The epidemic is still more severe overseas, with repeated outbreaks, but the growth has slowed. As at 2400 hours on 19 March, the cumulative number of confirmed cases worldwide, excluding China and abroad, stood at 122.29 million, the number of global deaths at 2,698,000, the death rate at 2.21%, the international market for monitors, respirators, injection pumps, new pumps, etc.
The demand for coronary reagents, portable excesses, and other anti-epidemic products will remain high in the short term. Thanks to the orderly advance of vaccinations in major countries around the world, the growth of new coronaries worldwide has slowed since January. Globally, as of 18 March 2021, 410 million doses had been vaccinated, with a vaccination rate of 5.26 per cent; of these, 6,498 million have been vaccinated in China, with a vaccination rate of 4.51 per cent;
In the post-epidemiological era, domestic and foreign medical patches offer opportunities for sustained growth. The new coronary epidemic poses a major challenge to the global health-care system, and the need to invest more in post-epidemiological care offers new opportunities for companies to develop.
Murray represents a national manufacturer that, with its good product performance, has created a good global image of China’s high-quality medical brands, which have been greatly enhanced in terms of influence and awareness, breaking through many of the world’s high-end empty clientele. Moreover, in the context of the downward pressures of the global economy caused by the epidemic, the advantage of high-cost domestic machinery in emerging-market countries has been further demonstrated.
1) Overseas: EU proposes a recovery tool of €75 billion, and a new eu4health program will be set up, investing nearly €10 billion over seven years in strengthening the health sector. The UK proposes £1.5 billion for the maintenance and expansion of hospitals and related facilities, and for the rehabilitation of the national health system. Italy, Spain, France, Germany, etc.
With billions of euros invested in the field, with the icu bed being the focus of construction. Developing countries are exposed to a new coronary outbreak, with more health-care inputs becoming a trend. Given that the overseas epidemic is not yet well under control, we expect that the overseas market will gradually be able to access the medical patches, hopefully, as the overseas epidemic is under control.
In May 2020, the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) announced a public health prevention and treatment capacity-building programme, which aims to improve the capacity of major disease prevention and treatment systems.
In July, the Development Reform Commission set up $45,660 million to support capacity-building in public health prevention and treatment in 31 provinces throughout the country. By the beginning of 2021, the country ' s new medical infrastructure, like fire, is expected to sustain the company as a leader of anti-epidemic equipment.
It is estimated that the country ' s new infrastructure programme for medical care will bring about an increase of about 10 billion in the custody system and the respiratory market, with a share expected to generate about 5 billion dollars in revenue for the company, which is expected to be reflected gradually over the next 2-3 years. Table 6: Domestic market for new infrastructure in the aftermath of the epidemic and company incremental calculations
2.2 Conservator: Flagship poles, number one in the country, and the world's third custodians are increasingly used. Guardians are used primarily to sense the physiological changes of patients by sensors and to convert them to electrical information, and information is calculated and analysed by information processing systems to show and record the relevant information.
The guardianship system provides the basis for emergency treatment and treatment. The classification of the guardianship system is based mainly on parameters, structure, functionality, and the number of monitored participants can be divided into single parameters, multi-parameters, and plug-in monitors (detachable physical parameters module plus guardianship).
The parameters of guardianship include, inter alia, heart, respiratory, non-haemorrhage, saturation of blood, pulse, body temperature, etc., which can be used clinically in operating theatres, icu, high-pressure chamber, emergency room, delivery room, general wards, etc.
In the field of deep-farming tutorials, full coverage of the low-end high-school market is provided. There are a wide variety of corporate custodian products, including the high-end market benevisionn series, the medium- and high-end market epm series, the medium-low-end market ipm series, the low-end market imec series, the low-end market portable memec series and the vitalsign series.
In the first half of 2020, the company’s epm series of tutorials won a double award for reddot and if. The sales increase led to an increase in custodian revenue.
Global market patterns: the global custodian market is more mature, and companies are the third largest in the world. In 2008, companies acquired the datascope life information custodian business and became the third largest manufacturer of global guardianship equipment, with access to global medical machines.
According to corporate subscriptions, the global custodian market (excluding Japan) in 2017 was $2.8 billion, an increase of 4.1 per cent compared with the previous year. In terms of shares, Philips, Ge, Murray held a market share of about 38 per cent, 26 per cent, 10 per cent, higher market concentration, assuming that the global custodian industry maintained an increase of around 5 per cent, measuring the company ' s global share in 2019.
Domestic market patterns: The domestic guardianship market continued to expand, with a high concentration of leading enterprises. In 2017, the domestic guardianship market was 2.02 billion yuan, a 15.4 per cent increase from the previous year, far higher than the global growth rate, and the domestic market was expected to grow continuously. In 2017, Murray held a large share of the domestic market, with a 65 per cent market share; the first three firms accounted for 86 per cent.
As a custodian, the company is expected to continue to benefit in the context of a graded diagnosis and the support of state-owned equipment. 2.3 Respirator: Anesthesia Star, taking advantage of the rise of the respirator in clinical first-line work such as first aid, post-operative recovery, intensive care.
Respiratory support is one of the key means of saving the life of a patient who is in need and at risk. The respirator consists mainly of the operating control panel, the circuit section, the air circuit section, and the central control unit. The respirator’s barriers are found mainly in air mode, control technology, measurement technology, human engineering and display technology.
At present, the use of the respirator as a medical instrument to aid, support, or even replace the human respiratory function is very important in clinical first-line work such as first aid, post-operative recovery, intensive care. According to the American Institute of Respiratory Diseases, the success rate of clinical rescue has increased by about 55% as a result of the widespread use of the respirator.
With the development of stress parameters and stress-type models, as well as the development and widespread application of computer technology, future respirators are bound to become more sophisticated and intelligent, multifunctional, multi-gas mode economic respirators will lead the way forward. Depending on how they are connected to patients, the respirators can be divided into start-up respirators and non-respirators.
A tube intubation or a tube incision creates artificial air lanes, which allow for air circulation: no breather can be connected to a respirator in a relatively harmless way, such as by nose, mask, interface, etc. No artificial air lanes are required. Depending on the patient, there is a new respirator and a non-respirator, which is mainly functional in nature, and there is no good or bad in it. As the patient ' s quality of life is raised, food is kept, food is kept.
There are high technical barriers to respirator components, which are mainly imported. Domestic respiratory production is dominated by medium-stream manufacturing.
German companies like ebm, Netherlands nxp, etc. We have inadequate respirators, which are still low in non-epidemiological conditions. Domestic respirators consumption increased rapidly, with 18.2 million in 2019, an increase of 23.8 per cent.
With a population of 1.4 billion, when we have 100 units per capita, our breathing capacity will increase by 60,000 new coronary disease respirators into the Euro-American high-end market. The company respirators have been running the synovente series since 2012.
Since then, after years of renewal, the highest global levels have been achieved. Medium- and high-end respirators sv300 and high-end heavy-respirators sv800/sv600 were launched in 2015 and 2017 respectively. Of these, sv300 were the main models used in the new crown epidemic, and were certified by fda eua (Emergency Use Authorization) in March 2020, prior to being certified by EUce and successfully developed.
Euro-American high-end markets, branding influence. Sv300 is the first electric turbo respirator in China, Northern Europe, and North America, which is researched in collaboration with the Chinese, Nordic, and U.S. R&D teams. It achieves precision control and stability of flow speeds, compared to the common independent turbo-transformation control respirators, with faster inhalation by patients and more stable system control: it has a full-scale icu mode of communication and supports niv (none).
It's one of the world's smallest and most severe intensive care respirators, with a fuselage of less than 10 kg, and is fully competent for intra-hospital trans-shipment and movement.
In recent years, the country’s respiratory market has continued to expand as the country’s equipment of health-care facilities has been gradually implemented and the population’s health awareness has improved. In 2018, the country’s respiratory market was about $2.4 billion, a 16 per cent increase. Of this, high-end respirators are growing faster and tend to become medium- and high-end, according to qyresearch.
According to data, the global respiratory market in 2016 is about $6 billion, and the United States and Europe together account for about 1 billion people, accounting for more than 60% of the global respirator market, with only about 5% of the country and much room for improvement. The national respirator brand is gradually being created, with a projected sales of about $500 million in 2019, compared to 1.2% in the global market and around 1.2% in the domestic medical respirator market.
13%, after Delgs. During the new crown epidemic in 2020, the company became a major global provider of medical respirators, with a significant increase in orders, and we expect to earn more than $2 billion in respirators by 2020.
The company’s anaesthetic products include the high-end a series, the low- and medium-end wato series, and the anaesthetic evaporation v60 series.a The aaesthetic stations are being developed by the international research and development team in North America and are gradually entering the international market, making DeMery one of the three major brands in the field of anaesthesia in North America and globally.
In 2017, the company’s anaesthetic product generated $540 million, a 29.1 per cent increase.
Between 2015 and 2019, the company sold 20% of the annual compound rate of sales of anaesthesia machines; in 2019, 8812 machines were sold, stable. Based on the increase in sales, we measured the company’s revenue from anaesthesia machines in 2019 at about $700 to $800 million.
The dollar, a 2.2 per cent increase over the year, assumes an increase of around 3 per cent in 2018-2019, about $990 million in 2019 for the global market for anaesthetic machines, and about 11 per cent in 2019 for the global city of Merri, which still has significant scope for improvement compared to ge (39 per cent) and Delg (38 per cent).
Domestic markets: The advantage is concentrated in low- and medium-level markets, where the high-end market is an alternative. From 2015 to 2019, the domestic anaesthetic machine market grew from 910 million yuan to 1.06 billion yuan, with an average compound growth rate of 3.8 per cent per year.
Upgrading to sustain sustained growth in the business. 2.5 E.K. and defibrillation: the first aed national producer is expected to benefit from the company’s improved tremors series.
The beneheartd series, which uses two-phase tremors, can significantly reduce the flow of electricity through the heart during the tremors and effectively reduce damage to the tissue of the heart; it also has automatic resistance to compensate for excessive or low resistance by adjusting the discharge voltage and the time of discharge. The beneheartc series is an aed product, the main product.
The sale of defibrillators has increased rapidly. In 2017, the company earned $330 million, a 50% increase in the same year, and achieved a rapid (-8%) decline, mainly due to lower prices for aed.
The tremor is a medical device that uses electric shocks to rescue and treat patients with heart disorder. The sudden death of the heart in cardiovascular disease is a major cause of death in our population. China has about 540,000 cases of sudden death each year, while the defibrillator plays a significant role in the rescue and treatment of fatal heart disorder.
Larger. With the promotion of the tiered system of diagnosis, instruments such as tremors are gradually being transferred to basic hospitals, and there is hope for a steady increase in the number of tremors in the hospital: as policy advances and technological advances, the number of tremors outside the hospital is expected to increase further. The global market for tremors (not including the United States, Japan) reached $740 million in 2017, an increase of 4.2 per cent over the same period, taking into account Japan and the United States.
The market, which is expected to be around $2.3 billion in 2019 for the global external defibrillator (including aed) market; and $750 million in 2017 for the domestic tremor market, an increase of 15.4 per cent over the same period, assuming a growth rate of 15.4 per cent in 2018 and 2019, the country's aed is still expected to grow in 2019. There is much room for quantitative growth. Automatic external defibrillator (aed) is a portable device.
The user does not need to have a high level of ability to interpret the electrocardiograms, and, in accordance with sound recording instructions, can complete auto-analysis of the electrocardiograms, and in the course of the year, China has installed only about 15,000 aeds in major medical institutions, stadiums, airports, subways, etc.
Japan and the United States have 555 and 317 units per 100,000 people, while China has less than 0.5 units. The gap is still large.
The Beijing City Health Board has indicated that every subway station in Beijing will need to be equipped with an aed; Shenzhen intends to install it in public places in a step-by-step manner in order to reach an internationally advanced level of 100 units per 100,000 population over a period of 10 years.
The company broke through a thousand patents blockades on foreign companies, filling gaps in the country’s aed field, and created the country’s first autonomous aed product. Prior to the market’s entry, aed markets were dominated by international giants such as Zoll, Philip, and Pumicon, at an average price of more than 40,000 yuan.
It's expensive. Merriad's product is less than $20,000, and it has a significant value for money relative to imported products. In the domestic process, companies are expected to benefit from the expansion of the industry as the first national product of the brand. 2.6 Bedhouses: software and hardware combine to build strong barriers.
Lightbed towers are equipment used for surgical operations during the period of surgery, including surgical lamps, surgical beds, hangar hangars, digitized operating rooms, etc., and are basic hardware facilities for the operating room. The operating table can be adapted to the requirements of the operation to provide full exposure to the operating vision.
Delgado, Mykchi, the head of the global operating theatre and icu equipment, account for 23% and 7% of the domestic lightbed market, respectively. According to Chinese data on the medical equipment industry, Myré in 2018.
The company's lighthouse products consist mainly of the hyled, hybase, unibase, hyport, lyport, hopst. The company's mpst-lights are lumbered.
One layer of light is added in a concentric circle to ensure the homogeneity of the light; the active shadow management technology is synchronized with the main light, sublights, rehydration, and the doctor's lighting experience is enhanced. Hybase surgical beds use human engineering techniques to provide patients with safe, comfortable and effective surgical positioning. Hyport medical hangars provide multiscreen installation solutions that allow lighthouse coax configuration.
Increased competitiveness and rapid release of products. In 2016, as a result of increased competition in the market, corporate lighthouse revenues fell and, with increased market promotion, corporate lighthouse revenues reached 380 million yuan in 2017, a 25.6 per cent increase in output.
Active development of digital operating theatres and co-construction of hardware and software to build strong barriers. Digital operating theatres, based on server and web technology, connect operating room equipment to hospital information systems, enable control devices, audio-visual transmission and processing, patient information, etc.
A simple upgrade, adapted to the continuous development of the hospital; control of surgical lamps, cameras, surgical beds, etc., can be used to improve the efficiency of operating rooms. A fully integrated hardware product of a digital operating room will create a strong barrier to the company’s operations.
Since the 1980s, the country’s vd industry has been going through about five stages of development: (1) in the 1980’s, the start-up phase of national production, and China’s in vitro diagnostic reagents began the process of industrialization. With the introduction of national reforms and the introduction of foreign capital, a large number of advanced technology from abroad have entered China, resulting in the emergence of a large number of industrial companies producing in vitro diagnostic reagents;
2) Between the 1990s and 2000, the market was in a state of disarray. More than 100 biochemical diagnostic reagents were produced, and more than 300 immuno-diagnostic reagents were produced. Since 1993, the State has been overhauling the in vitro diagnostic industry, eliminating non-producer-coded plants, cancelling production documents for non-qualified manufacturers, and increasing industrial concentration.
In 1995, the size of China’s vd market was about 2.6 billion yuan, and in 1995-2000, the compound growth rate was about 6%. 3) In 2000-2010, the industry grew rapidly.
In 2010, China’s market size reached 13.7 billion yuan, and in 2010, China’s market size averaged 21.5 per cent.
(5) From 2015 to the present, the golden age of national production has been replaced. After 2015, health-care costs have been gradually introduced, the rate of substitution has accelerated, the rate of import substitution has accelerated and the rate of growth in the ivd market has slightly declined, but it has remained at 18.5% of the annual average compound rate, reflecting the demand for testing the market, which reached $71.8 billion in 2019.
During this different phase of development, the company has seized the opportunity to develop blood cells and biochemistry that began in 2000 and the opportunity to replace chemically luminous national production in 2015, making it the leader of the national production vd. Steady and steady, the company’s business layout of the vd production line is gradually improving.
With the launch of China’s first fully classified blood cell analyser in 2001, and the launch of China’s first fully automated biochemical analyser, bs-300 in 2003, and the launch of the cl-2000i into the chemical luminum field in 2013, the country’s first autochemical analysis machine will be used for the analysis of blood cells.
And following the roll-out of the tla stream and the layout of the molecular diagnosis, we believe that the company has followed a principle in every entry to the ivd track, that is, steady and well-grounded with high-quality testing instruments that have been grinded for years, using the company's equipment to create advantages, and that the effects of this business approach have already been felt in the success of many vd products in Murray.
In 2006-2019, the in vitro diagnostic business grew at a high rate, and the company increased its income at a faster rate. 2020h1, the company ' s in vitro diagnostic business earned $3.03 billion (+6.5 per cent year-on-year), Māori 1.74 billion (+3.2 per cent year-on-year) and Māori 57.5 per cent (compared to 5.7 pp year-on-year), mainly due to the epidemic.
Influencing the demand for routine operational testing, we expect that the next ivd operation will remain the company’s growth engine, with high growth-driven reagents in emitting instruments, incremental recovery under the low biochemical, blood cell base, and a continuation of import substitution trends in the vd industry. Dosimetry for testing is a common driver. In 2015-2017, IUD sales revenue was $1.16 billion and $1.51 billion, respectively.
The increase in the average price of test agents was driven by higher sales of high-sale reagents. The Division stepped up its product promotion and contributed to the growing volume of instrument sales.
The global market for in vitro diagnostics has grown steadily, and companies have steadily increased their share of global cities. ivd has now become an essential medical tool for disease prevention, diagnosis and treatment, with about 80% of clinical diagnostic information coming from in vitro diagnosis. The global market for in vitro diagnostics was $71.4 billion in 2019, and between 2015 and 2019, it is expected to grow at a compound rate of about 5% in the future.
The company’s share of in vitro diagnostic business in the global market was about 1.3% in 2019, with a steady rise in mayors’ rates. The domestic market was in a golden age of import substitution, and the company had established a leading role in blood cells, biochemistry, and chemical light.
As health awareness and graded consultations advance, the country’s demand for medical testing continues to grow, along with the effects of medical reform and control fees, and industry’s steady rapid growth and import substitution remains the main theme of the current ivd track. From the stage of development of the country’s ivd, the market was dominated by biochemical testing in 2000-2010, and since 2010 with the application of chemical light technology in immunization diagnostics.
As a result of this expansion, the share of the immune diagnostic market has surpassed biochemical testing as the largest category, accounting for about 39% in 2018, and biochemical diagnostics, molecular diagnostics, and spot diagnostics, which account for about 18%, 16%, 11%, respectively, of the Chinese in vitro diagnostic market. The company generated $5.81 billion in in vitro diagnostics in 2019, and is expected to account for about 3/4% of the total.
An international ratio of 1/4 is assumed to be about 6.1% of the company’s share in the domestic market of ivd in 2019, with 33% of the blood cell market, 10% of the biochemical market, and 5% of the chemical light market, which has been established as a leader in these three sub-areas. In terms of trends in the industry of ivd, chemical light, molecular diagnosis, and spot have greater potential.
Industry is more mature, with industry growing by 7-8%, overall national production rates of about 60%, and high-end instruments still have large national production replacement space. Immunization diagnostics are the largest segment of ivd, with a robust expansion at about 20% of the rate of increase, and currently only 20% of the rate of national production, with great potential for the future.
Yes, it is rapidly spreading worldwide, and it is the main driving force behind the rapid development of immunization diagnostics. Molecular diagnosis and spot are the fastest-growing areas, benefiting mainly from technological upgrading, the development of infectious diseases and early-sifting products, and the diversification of the use scenes.
The company's blood cell analysis products are lined and adapted to different levels of client demand. The blood cell analysis refers to the detection of blood samples, and a quantitative analysis of physical components such as blood cells in the blood. The company's blood cell analyser consists of an ultra-blood analysis stream of water, a five-class blood cell analyser, and a three-point blood cell analyser. The three-point blood cell analyser divides white cells.
lymphocytes, single nuclear cells, particle cells, based on resistance and contrasting methods; the five-class blood cell analyser divides white cells into lymphocytes, single nuclear cells, particle cells (medium cells, acidic cells, alkalitic cells), medium- and low-five-classometry based on chemical dyeing and fluid cell technique.
Based on analytical techniques. Companies have a layout and a full range of products for low-end 3 and high-end 5 categories that can meet the needs of different client groups. Speed, conventional blood cell count + 5 classification velocity up to 200 samples/hours, and networked red cell detection velocity 120 samples/hours;
Test accuracy, using autolysis techniques for the red and white erp and wnb corridors and blood platelets. The public and divisional product is tested faster than the same product, requiring fewer samples, and the terminal purchase price is roughly the same as the same product and has a value-for-money advantage. Five-class +crp combined tests are created to improve detection efficiency. Crp (c-reaction protein) is an acute opposite.
Protein, with low concentrations in healthy human serum (<5 mg/l) and significant increases in bacterial infections or tissue injuries, is sensitive. The company has introduced bc-5390crp, bc-7500crp, etc., to achieve a single minute of joint five classification +crp testing, making blood analysis more comprehensive and efficient.
The company is second in the domestic blood cell analysis market, and third in the world. The current market for blood analysis is relatively mature, and the size of the testing is about $5.39 billion a year, and it has grown by about 10% in recent years. In the domestic market, Murray's share of the domestic blood analysis market is about a third, and in recent years it has been the second largest in the country, after Heisen Meikang, the top 10 doctors in Shanghai.
Seven hospitals in the hospital are using Murray's high-end tests, and we expect the company to soon outperform Heising Maycom's absolute leader in the country in the next few years. In 2016, Murray's share in the global blood analysis market was 7%, ranking 5. With the company's blood cells growing faster than the global average, we expect the global blood analysis market share to reach about 10% in 2019.
Third, after Heison Maycomb and Siemens. 3.2 Chemical luminum detection: steady and steady, followed by high levels of chemical luminous volume and speed. Immunization diagnosis is divided mainly into radioimmunisation, immunolysis, enzyme immunology and legal development.
Light, chemical light, with its high sensitivity and high flux rapid detection technology, is the main technological path leading to rapid development of the diagnostics of immunization. The size of the chemical light market increased from 1.6 billion yuan to 23.3 billion yuan in 2010-2019, with a combined increase of 34.7 per cent, and the share of the diagnostics of immunization increased from 44 per cent to 85 per cent. The chemical light market has undergone a rapid period of development and is now growing in industry.
The rate of increase has fallen to about 20 per cent, taking into account the shortcomings of low immunosensitivity and inaccurate quantitative analysis of enzymes, and referring to the fact that external chemical light accounts for more than 90 per cent of immunization diagnostics, and that chemical light is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate of about 20 per cent over the next three years, as the total number of immuno-diagnoses increases and the proportion of chemical light rises further.
At the same time, after decades of accumulation of domestic manufacturers, chemical luminous instruments and reagents have been developed, and the number of chemical luminous instrument parameters and reagents is comparable to the number of international giants, adding to the advantages of domestic suppliers' channels and after-sale services.
The company’s technology is leading the country, and the gap between the world’s flagships is narrowing. The company’s full-automatic chemical luminous immuno-analysis, icl-6000i single-machine detection rate, at 480 spin/hours, is a leader in the national machinery, second only to the new industry.
Maglumix8. 300 samples and 36 reagents for a single test, with extension functions that can be associated with bio-immun waterlines and with bimodular cascades that can be cl-6000im2 at a speed of 960 spins/minor. The instrument was excellent, with technical ratings, corporate ratings and results from the third batch of excellent national production medical equipment in 2017.
Clinical ratings were advanced, leading national producers, and in May 2020, the company ' s four chemical luminous immunology analysers were ranked first in the sixth batch of high-quality nationally produced medical equipment products, with the cl-6000i/6200i type receiving top technical ratings and corporate ratings. The gap between national and imported instruments is gradually narrowing, replacing imports for national production.
In the future, the market share of the country’s products, represented by Méri’s medical care, is expected to increase. The first fully autonomous tla flow line in the country, m6000, breaks the technical barriers to imports.
A multiplicity of channels can be picked up quickly to improve detection capabilities and be flexible. tla can be fully intelligent, automated, and adapted to large medical facilities. The same blood lines as the same, the same blood lines as the same, and the same chemical and biological immune lines, are used to improve detection efficiency. In 2019, Murray launched the tla stream m6000, the first fully autonomous test module.
Integration of four modules: biochemistry, immunisation, blood, condensation, and complete automation of the entire process of testing samples for sorting, transmitting, processing, analysing, and storing.
In 2019, the company accumulated 79 chemically luminous reagents; of these, 12, 24, 22, 7, 14 were registered chemically luminous reagents in 2015-2019. The company ' s chemical luminous reagents covered a wide range of diseases, such as hormones, oncological signs, thyroid functions, infectious diseases, heart signs, metabolics and anaemia since 2015.
There are 20, 17, 11, 10, 4 and 3 registrations, respectively. Compared to the new industry, Anto, and Yafilong, 124, 98 and 117 luminous reagent registrations, the company has a relatively small variety of reagents, which is closer to the number of imported companies, but based on Murray's careful grinding, the company's main detection of panel is generally balanced, close to actual clinical needs, and the company reacts.
The rapid increase in the volume of chemical luminescence machines has led to a rapid increase in the number of reagents. The company ' s chemical luminous products have started to grow at a late but rapid pace compared to the new industry and the manufacturers of Andu.
At the end of 2020 q3, the company had a cumulative load of 6,600 units, close to the new industry. The company's chemical luminous equipment remained fast.
The areas of disease (25%), kowtow (15%) and clinical rigidity demand are matched by a gradual rise in single production over the past few years, accompanied by an increase in the share of high-speed machines, and we judge that the company will continue to grow in future chemical luminous output.
In 2019, the new industry and Anto chemical luminous reagent revenues were about 1.3 billion and 1.2 billion, and the company ' s chemical luminous reagent revenues are expected to be slightly lower than those of the new industry and Anto, at between $1.0 billion and $1.2 billion, but at a much higher rate than those of its peers.
The field of light reagent testing is well organized, close to the immediate clinical needs, and there are no obvious gaps; 3) channels are well configured, hospital coverage is high, equipment is growing rapidly. We expect the company to be the country’s first producer in the coming years.
At the same time, the new coronary epidemic benefits from raising the global profile of companies and bringing other businesses into overseas markets, and it is expected that the continuation of regular operations will continue to expand in a sustained manner, contributing to the long-term growth of companies’ overseas operations. The pattern is clearer, and the company’s chemical luminous operations are expected to contribute more than 10 billion dollars in revenue in the long term.
Reagent coverage is a prerequisite for the ability of chemical luminators to compete in the market, on the basis of which manufacturers with a clear competitive advantage continue to break through technical barriers, upgrade instrument density and stability, develop special detection projects, increase the self-sufficiency of raw materials, and build channel advantages.
The pattern is relatively clear for a few enterprises, such as Murray, the new industry, and Anto. Given the accuracy of the chemical light tests at the current head of the country, which are increasingly more accurate than those imported on the shoulder, and with the advantage of high value for money, reference is made to the rate of national production of biochemical reagents, assuming that the potential revenue from chemical light from the company’s domestic market over the next 10 years will be $12.6 billion.
Murray is expected to account for 30% of the national production market in 2030. 3.3 Biochemical analysis tests: reagents are first imported, high-end instruments are still spatially available, biochemical diagnostics are relatively mature. Biochemical diagnostics refer to the in vitro determination of inorganics through biochemical reactions, immunopathy, etc.
Biochemical indicators such as cinogens, proteins, blood sugars, blood resins, etc., are one of the basic diagnostic methods, the earliest and most mature ivd breakdowns, and the evolution of biochemical diagnostics, which can be roughly divided into three phases: 1) 3% compound growth between 1995 and 2000, dominated by industrial rehabilitation and regulation; 2) increasing national production substitution and penetration at the grass-roots level from 2000 to 2017, and increasing market size
Biochemical testing has been declining in the vd market, with a combined national production rate of about 50%. In the 1990s, biochemical diagnostics accounted for more than 50% of the vd market, and biochemicals accounted for about 18% of the external diagnosis in 2019, as the market share of immunization tests, molecular diagnostics, spot increases.
In terms of indicators, the current national production rate for biochemical diagnostics is about 50 per cent, with biochemical instruments experiencing technological advances ranging from manual to semi-automatic to fully automated biochemical analysers, and many domestic manufacturers are now able to produce fully automated biochemicals, but the national production instruments are concentrated mainly in low-end low-speed instruments and grass-roots markets, with a national production rate of about 30 per cent and imported biochemicals still dominate.
High-end high-speed markets. The rate of domestic production of biochemical reagents is now about 70%, import substitution is almost complete, and the tri-a hospital is the third largest in the country in the field of biochemical diagnostics. In 2017, the three leading biochemical diagnostics, Beckman, Rhodes, and Murray, accounted for 14%, 10% and 8% of the domestic market (equipment plus reagents), while other enterprises accounted for 68% of the total.
Biochemical diagnostic brands include Beckman, Rhodes, Heroe, Toshiba, etc., and national brands include Murray, Diri, Kowala, among others. The company’s share of biochemical diagnostics (mechanics + reagents) in 2019 was about 9%, owing to the fact that they have grown faster than industry averages overall over the past few years.
Rhodes and others account for 27%, 22%, and 9% of domestic instruments, respectively, and for about 80% of imported brands. The reagents sector has gradually been replaced, and the share of state-owned products in high-end instruments still needs to be increased.
In addition, bs-2000m can be connected to the same type of device, forming high-speed biochemistry flow lines; it can also be expanded to sal9,000 with the high-speed chemical photoanalyst cl-6000i.
The company's 25 biochemistries were listed in the fourth series of high-quality national medical equipment selections, and the high-end products were listed at 1,600 speeds only for Murray and Derry.
The overall reagent system, as a result of the trend, is conducive to the company’s overall future competitiveness and integrated and synergistic development. 3.4 The control policy is expected to accelerate import substitution, which has been in place since the establishment of the Health Insurance Authority in 2018.
For centralized volume purchases, drigs and so on. 1) Centralized volume purchases: centralization of medicines mainly addresses the problems of overpricing generics, overpricing of obsolete patented medicines and over-pricing of patented medicines. Starting with the procurement of “4+7” drugs, starting with 2018, the procurement of pharmaceutical belts is up to date
So far, the fourth round has been carried out, and the country-level procurement of the coronary stubble in high-value consumables has been completed. The growing number of categories involved in the procurement has become one of the main instruments for health insurance costs. (2) drg/dip payments: drg payments are pre-packaged by pre-defined payment criteria and start in the following year.
Currently, the drig sub-group and the fee-paying sub-group have been piloted in 30 cities across the country, using the national medically guaranteed disease diagnosis unit (chs-drg) as a uniform standard for drg-paying, covering 26 diagnostic broad categories, 376 new crown reagents for centralized procurement and opening up a vd centralized procurement exception, with routine reagents for bulk procurement more difficult.
Reagent demand is much more than conventional individual biochemistry and immuno-testing, making it the country’s first ivd product to be procured centrally. From April, the provinces and cities of Hubei, Heilongjiang, Guizhou and other provinces began to purchase new reagents centrally, the six provincial unions and the new luminous reagents of Antu, Mike, Boosese, Dana, etc., started in May.
We believe that conventional ivd reagents do not have collateral features and are difficult to carry out, mainly because: 1) ivd product groups have as many as a few hundred items and have not yet been coded, and the same reagents do occur under different names; and the multiplicity and dispersion of products also makes individual purchases smaller and the execution of bulk purchases more complex.
ivd Some of the products are closed systems (e.g. chemical light), reagents are required to be used in conjunction with equipment, hospital reloading and replacement of subsequent rebidding are more problematic; 3) import reagent markets account for 80%. Their willingness to reduce prices is weak due to the dominance of imported products in terms of quality and stability.
These characteristics impede the conduct of large-scale bulk procurement, so we expect that the risk of centralized bulk procurement in the vd area is low, or that only partially open, highly nationalized, highly mature types of clinical use will be selected as pilots, with little impact on the whole plate and related units.
The cost of the hospital is very high. The exact same thing as the cost of the disease is the way health insurance is based on the cost of hospitalization based on the logic of the cost of the disease, the main difference being how the disease is classified and how it is paid.
The dip is first assigned to the various diseases and, on the basis of the total amount of control, the health insurance is paid on the basis of the cumulative shares of the various medical institutions.Drgs and dip both refer to the principle of "paying for the health insurance, keeping the hospital balance" and that the hospital has sufficient incentive to control the overall costs of inpatients.
According to the dip pilot hospital, the cost of testing is less significant. According to a comparison of hospital costs for patients discharged over a period of time in the city of Shuyang, Guangdong Province, the cost of medicines, consumables, and other changes in costs are statistically significant (p<0.001), while differences in the cost of testing patients are not statistically significant.
If the future testing agent becomes the hospital’s cost end, the incentive to import alternatives will increase. Domestic production costs are low, with no constraints on the international price system, and price advantages, which have been the basis for the constant import substitution that has occurred in the past in natural circumstances.
Based on the current winning price for Pharmacy Network, the price of the country’s generation reagents is about 15-50% of the foreign company’s price, which is clearly favourable. The hospital has no incentive to import the ivd reagents, but the pressure on the drig/dip control charge is due to the testing of fees that are important to the hospital, the hospital’s approval and preference for imported products, and the fact that the hospital’s end is more sticky due to the education of foreign users for many years.
Under pressure, in order to meet the regulatory requirements and the incentive to retain the balance, hospitals will choose a more expensive national reagent, and the import of domestic products is expected to accelerate.
Medical video equipment is unique, depending on the field. The current clinical applications include four types of medical video equipment: X-ray image (dr), computer fault scan (ct), magnetic resonance (mri), ultrasound, and so on. The characteristics and applications of these four types of equipment vary considerably depending on the technology used. Ultrasound equipment is related to safety, real-time, economics, portability.
The advantages of ultrasound equipment, as compared to the other three types of equipment, are mainly: 1) safety in use, no damage, no radiation: 2) dynamical display of organ motion, fetal activity and blood flow; 3) cost economy of equipment, low cost of inspection and high prevalence; 4) flexibility, portable mobility, portable transport.
Medical video operations include ultrasound diagnostic systems and digital x-ray imaging systems, which are the main products of medical video operations and generate about 85% of the revenue. In 2015-2019, medical video business revenue and the acquisition of high-end ultrasound image manufacturer Zonare in 2013 entered the high-end supermarket, bringing the coloured product from low-end to high-end.
4.1 Ultrasound diagnostic system: A medium- and low-end, high-powered, ultra-high-end breakthrough, ultrasound diagnostics with a wide range of scenes, corporate layout superspaces. Ultrasound medical video equipment can be divided into black and white super and full-digit super. Black and white supermixes are based on the sound resistance of different organs when using ultrasound to spread in the human body.
Intensity reflective or scattering echoes, transforming these different strength echoes into greyscales of different brightness, forming black and white maps; full digital colours introduce a doppler effect test of blood flow or tissue motion, which can obtain information on the direction, speed, flow, etc. of blood flow. Clinical applications, because ultrasound is safe, unwieldy, widely applied.
The range of clinical applications is expanding from early abdominal and gynaecology to multidisciplinary clinical diagnosis of cardiovascular, godly, musculoskeletal and non-diagnostic areas, such as ultrasound-led interventions. The company is currently in the main colored areas, and is expanding from conventional ultrasound to high-end and super-highly coloured superdirectional.
The global market for ultrasound video equipment has grown robustly, and corporate ownership has increased significantly. In terms of sales, the worldwide market for ultrasound video equipment was estimated at 160,000 units per 10,000 units in 2016, and is expected to grow to 280,000 units per 10,000 units in 2022, with a projected combined annual growth rate of 10%.
The global market for ultrasound video equipment is growing at a more stable pace and will continue to grow well in the future. On a industry scale, the global ultrasound market was 60.9, 61.8 and 6.42 billion dollars in 2015-2017, respectively, depending on the size of the industry, and the global market was estimated to be about $7.08 billion in 2019, if the annual compound growth of 5% is estimated.
Ultrasound is dominated by General Electrics, Philips, Toshiba, and has a smaller share of domestic production, accounting for only 5 per cent of the world ' s share in 2017. Given the fact that in 2018 and 2019 the company was growing faster than the industry average, in 2019 the country became the largest single market for ultrasound imaging equipment worldwide, and Murray was already a major part of the national ultrasound.
The market for ultrasound video equipment was 28,000 units per 10,000 units in 2016, and is expected to grow to 60,000 units per 10,000 units in 2022, with an average annual compound growth rate of 13.4% well above the global market. Our ultrasound video equipment industry started late compared to the developed world, but has developed over the years, and has developed into a fully specialized and technically robust product.
Since 2018, China has sold more than the United States and Japan, and has become the world’s largest consumer market for ultrasound video equipment. In terms of the share of sales, the domestic market has seen its share of domestic equipment being phased out in favor of its value for money, with 18% of the Merrillian health market in 2019.
The company's supersystem is comprehensive, covering a wide range of products from the lower end to the higher end. The full digital colour at the upper end can also be based on the different features of ultrasound, with functional modules such as elastic imaging, video imaging, integration imaging, etc., expanding the clinical application boundaries of ultrasound medicine.
According to the increase in sales, we measured the company’s revenue for 2019, which was about $3.6 billion, or about 90% of the income of the video line. Based on the low- and medium-level market, the graded consultations are expected to boost the volume.
Murray is next in 19.4%, with a difference of only 0.2% from the first-ranked ge. There are significant differences at different levels of health care, with level III hospitals generally purchasing higher-end ultrasounds at a higher average cost, while grass-roots markets buying more national production at a lower average cost, with products generally at the lower-middle end. In mid- and low-end markets, such as county, community/town public hospitals, the city of Murray.
The share of the field is significantly higher than in the mid-to-high end market, where the market for county-level public hospitals was 17.8 per cent in 2018, higher than the market for municipal public hospitals, where companies ranked first at 34 per cent, far higher than the second-high (13.6 per cent). The company ' s low-to-low product dc series has a higher price than the main import substitution.
At the same time, the company is expected to benefit in the future as a result of the expansion of the low- and middle-level market with a significant space for treatment and treatment. The dc series is a high-sum power with a value-for-money advantage. For example, the dc-90 (x-intight) of the dc series is better in intelligence analysis, precision imaging, and smart operations than the Philip Afhiniti 50.
Performance. According to data from the Chinese Government’s Procurement Network, the procurement price for Meridc-90 is about US$ 10-1.1 million, and for Philip Affiniti 50 is about US$ 1.5 million, making it more competitive.
The Klon series of technologies has significant advantages and access to high-end markets. Based on the world’s leading regional imaging technology of Sonare (zone-sonographyTM), the company has launched high-end superproducts such as resona7, breaking up import monopolies in high-end areas. Resona7 is superior in technology platforms, image quality, applications, human engineering design. zst+ field light
The platform is a change in ultrasound imaging technology that breaks the technical limits of traditional ultrasound beam synthesis in imaging space for resolution and time for resolution, and achieves three major innovations in domain scanning, global dynamic focus, and holo-area technology. The applications are vast, with dynamic vectors of blood v-flow, ultra-broadband non-linear imaging images uwn+, stegile imaging, integration of images such as iFusion, etc.
High-level hospital markets and high-end colours have much room for growth. In the relatively high-end market of municipal public hospitals, Murray is only 14.7%, ranked third after ge (21.7%) and Philip (20.5%).
The company still has much room for growth in high-end markets, and as the resona series continues to enter high-level hospitals, the department is expected to replicate the medium- and low-end product release path in the community/town health centres, and the long-term share of the sound in the future is expected to reach the high-end market abroad, with the European and American markets expected to grow rapidly. The company’s high-end colour series has gradually moved into Europe and America.
At the end of the market, it has been admitted to top teaching hospitals in the United States and Europe, such as the Mayo Clinic, the Massachusetts General Hospital, and the Cleveland Clinic, and its products have been endorsed by overseas experts. The Klon series, the company’s first high-end product line, is expected to expand further in Europe and America at the end of the market with the introduction of new high-end products in the future.
(3) Break-through to super-high, companies are actively developing top-of-the-art technologies and components for ultrasound imaging. Ultrasound technologies are complex, combined with high-tech technologies such as biotech, electronics, and optics.
There is a clear advantage in high-end technology, such as front-of-the-line technology, which is also the foundation for ultra-high-end ultrasound products. Domestic firms are actively developing these key technologies and components, of which Murray’s medical care is the oldest, has the highest national production rate, and is expected to take the lead in the future.
The company is expected to be the country's first player in a super-high-end colored area. As technology breaks out, the company will have super-high-end heart and gynaecology supersounds. The super-high-end heart range is led by ge, Philip, and the heart color is the only instrument capable of dynamically showing the inner structure of the heart, the pace of the heart and the flow of blood, and there is no damage to the human body, so there's no damage to the body.
There is a great deal of potential for intervention in this area. Philip is the ultrasound-moved lead runner, and since 1980 there has been widespread recognition of various kinds of tele-products. Philip's tele-products, such as epiq7c/epiq5, use Night imaging technology and PureWave pure wave-detection technology to obtain more sophisticated images. ge launched the heart flagship product Vivide95 in 2017, portable.
The heart color supervidiq competes with Philips in the area of hyperbolic heart. In the area of universal colour, Murray is already in the swings with ge and Philip, but there is still a void in the area of heart ultrasound. In the future, with the company breaking through in the area of super-high colour super-captain technology, we believe that Murray is expected to be the first Chinese manufacturer to enter a superbly coloured area.
4.2 Digital x-ray imaging systems: mobile dr brings new growth points The domestic dr configuration still needs to be upgraded. The digital x-ray imaging system (dr) consists of five components: detectors, ball tubes, high pressure, racks, video workstations, based on the degree of absorption of x-rays by different tissues of the human body, is visible through signal conversion.
According to data from the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, there were approximately 565,000 drs in China by 2017; about 40 per million, taking into account the average sales of about 15,000 in 2017-2019, while the instruments were phased out until 2014 and the industry stock was about 70,000, with the country's estimated holdings per million in 2019.
About 50, and 530 per million people in the United States, have 10 times the scope for upgrading. If the domestic stock market space is 740,000 for the United States standards, and if the five-year depreciation cycle is taken into account, industry sales are expected to be about 150,000 annually, compared with the current annual sales of 15 to 20,000.
Figure 119: Domestic dr market sales and growth rates for 2012-2019 Figure 120: Competition patterns in the domestic dr market (by volume) in 2016. Mobile dr is expected to be a new growth point in the dr area.
The advantages of light weight, flexible operation, etc., can be applied in several scenarios such as icu, emergency, ward, and out-of-hospital first aid, and can be easily transferred in different settings: 1) new coronary pneumonia diagnosis. Pneumographic examination of the chest is one of the diagnostic criteria for new coronary pneumonia, dr and
Mobile dr plays an important role in the screening of new suspected cases. Mobile dr is highly compatible with early detection, early reporting, early isolation, early treatment techniques, and high clinical needs, with the characteristics of mobility, high imaging quality, long-range manipulation, etc. Patients needing to be examined need not leave isolation wards, avoid cross-infection, and be used to treat people at risk.
Dr's market awareness has also revealed the inadequacy of the configuration of the country's mobile dr. Mobile dr is an essential equipment in a major outbreak of infectious disease, and after the outbreak, it is expected that the mdr will continue to be deployed everywhere. 2) There is a broad base of demand for primary health care. The construction of basic hospitals is expected to increase as a result of policies such as graded consultations.
Quick. Mobile dr is better suited for grass root use than conventional dr. Mobile dr is simpler and can be done by lay radiologists, such as nurses; according to government procurement network data, mobile dr terminals purchase a unit price of less than $1 million, which is better suited to base-level hospitals, company dr and mdr. The company owns conventional drd equipment, digieye 780, digieye 680,
Digieye280 and mobile dr devices mobieye7000. Digieye780 is designed to support full angle and position and cover. Mobieye 700 has a flexible and wide range of simulators; continues with a full capacity of 70 km after charging and 700 exposures to chests; the body is only 55 centimetres and has a 12-degree capacity to climb.
It's moving in the disease zone; it's more powerful than a fixed dr. 5 proactive, forward-winding new growth point 5.1 Veterinary devices: once again advantage, entering the potential market.
Year after year, our pet-breeding rate was about 17%, well below that of developed countries such as the United States (about 67%), Australia (about 62%), and the United Kingdom (about 44%), and the pet-consumption market rose at a very high price, with nearly 20% of consultations and medicines. In 2019, our urban pet-consumption market regulations were in place.
The figure is 20.24 billion yuan, an increase of 18.5 per cent in the same year, which is significantly faster than the increase in the number of raisings (8.4 per cent), mainly driven by an increase in consumption of singles and pets, and shows an overall upward trend in prices. In terms of consumption structure, the total share of consultations and medicines related to pets is about 19 per cent of total consumption expenditure, or 2019, which is equal to 2018; the proportion of consultations is 10 per cent and the proportion of medicines 9 per cent.
The market for pets is more demanding and the research and development cycle is shorter. There are more demand rigidities than the market for humans, where policies such as the cost of health insurance, which is paid for exclusively by consumers, and there are no regulatory registrations for veterinary devices, and new products are being promoted faster than the market for humans. Moreover, the market for veterinary appliances has a slower mix of technology and more decentralized competition.
Corporate animal products are dominated by custody, ivd, and ultrasound, and have an advantage in research and development. From the domestic network, the domestic market is dominated by animal custody and animal ultrasound, and from the overseas network, the products of corporate animal surveillance, ultrasound, and vd have a layout. Most pet disease diagnosis depends on medical imagery, in vitro diagnosis, etc.
Veterinary devices do not need to be registered, have a very short cycle from research and development to commercialization, and can easily be converted from human devices. Companies are well organized in human use, providing technical support for veterinary research and development, which is highly efficient, and can be rapidly developed.
The global leader of the Veterinary Devices - the idexx Laboratory - is expected to open up new growth points with a more complete product line. The idex is the global leader in veterinary diagnostics, software, and water microbiological detection, and the main business, mainly veterinary diagnostics and their information management-related products and services, with a proportional share of revenues.
More specifically, the idexx veterinary operations include ivd (catalystone biochemistry, procytex full blood cell analyser, etc.), images, software services, etc., which are more similar to the Merrillian animal business. Pet medicine is more needed, with the epidemic limiting travel in 2020, but the company’s business grew strongly, with an annual income of $2.7 billion (+12.5%).
Research reports show that the global market for animal medical devices in 2018 was about $6 billion, maintaining double-digit growth, and that the industry’s high demand had led to a higher valuation of leading companies, 70 times the price of idexx pe (ttm) by the end of March. Murray’s medical care has a full range of veterinary product layouts (including custody, vd, images), while companies will be active in promoting markets at home and abroad, 2020.
On 7 December of that year, in cooperation with the Government of Longhua District of Shenzhen, the two sides will work together in the field of animal medical equipment, with the company ' s target of 200 million dollars in veterinary equipment in 2024, and we will look forward to the development of Murray in the field of veterinary equipment.
Micro-inventive surgery under the endoscope gradually replaces traditional surgery. Micro-inventive surgery of the endoscope uses micro-holes or microcuts to perform intra-human ablation, malformation correction, trauma repair or reconstruction operations for therapeutic purposes.
Risks; 2) clearer vision of surgery with the help of a camera system; 3) patient recovery, shorter hospitalization time and faster hospital turnover; 4) patient exposure to multiple minor surgeries. Trends suggest that modern surgical operations are moving in the direction of limited, intelligent, micro-ingenital surgery, which is moving rapidly around the world and is now extended to general surgery, gynaecology and obstetrics, and urinary.
Most of the traditional general surgery can be done through microscopic surgery in surgery, chest surgery, ear and nose, paediatrics, so medical endoscopic mirrors are now an indispensable diagnostic and surgical device in many operating rooms. The company focuses on hard tube endoscopic internals, and has been equipped with an abdominal mirror operating device.
(b) Aperture mirror, a joint mirror, a joint mirror, a bladder mirror, a gastric mirror, a intestinal mirror, etc., which is part of a soft tube endoscopic (soft mirror), i.e., an endoscopic mirror that can be bended at will through the natural cavity of the human body (edible, intestinal, etc.);
The company's main layout mirrors and related surgical devices, which now have products such as hypixelTmu1, hd3, ec3, and a series of lylle abdominal mirrors. Of these, hypixelTmu1 uses 4k images, regenerative colours and do not require repeated focus, have visual advantages. The hypixel Tmu1 has a high-performance device.
Qualitative, high-precision plier design, lightly and lightly designed triple structures that are efficient and easily clean. Fluorescent rigid mirrors gradually expand their clinical scope with the advantage of wide-spectral imaging, and the company is expected to launch the first generation of fluorescent mirror products in 2021. Depending on the range of work, the rigid mirrors can be divided into white endoscopes and fluorescent endoscopes.
The images are based on a visible spectroscopy of 400-7000nm, displaying images of the surface of the human tissue, which works with a white spectra; the fluorescent endoscopic lenses are the new medical endoscopic technology developed in 2016 and used with great application. The working spectroscopy is in the range of 400-9000nm and, in addition to providing images of the surface of the human tissue, also enables the realization of subsurface tissues.
Fluorescence (e.g., gall bladder tubes, lymph tubes, and angioplasty) is a key tool for precision positioning and reducing the risk of surgery. Because of the advantage of fluorescent eyeglasses in broad spectrum imaging (with both white and fluorescent visual capabilities), the intellectual and therapeutic value of mirror technology in the treatment programme for aperitoneal mirror surgery is becoming apparent and is widely applied to a wide range of diseases.
The global market looks at fluorescent rigid mirrors, which gradually take up the share of white mirrors. According to the evaluate data, 2019 is the year 2019.
The size of the market for mirrors was $20.9 billion and increased at a combined rate of 6.6 per cent, higher than the overall rate of increase in medical devices, and the Chinese Medical Devices Industry Association, with approximately 22 per cent of the hard mirrors. According to Sullivan, the global market for hard mirrors grew from $4.64 billion to $5.69 billion, and the cagr = 5.2 per cent, with the size of the white light mirror market in 2019 standing at $4.4 billion.
In the last few years, there has been a slight decline, with a combined increase of between 2019 and 2024e - 5.1 per cent, and with the spread of fluorescent technology, the global white hard mirror market is shrinking in size, while the fluorescent mirror market was $1.3 billion in 2019, and the low-image studios in 2016-2019 have a variety of needs, so fluorescent hardscopes cannot completely replace the white mirror.
Fluorescent rigid mirror barriers are high, more concentrated, and the white mirror market is more fragmented. Developed-country firms dominate the main markets for the mirrors, and in 2019 they accounted for 36%, 11%, and 10% of Carl Stoes, Szek, Olympus, respectively, and Xerox, the German Wolves, are important players, while in the fluorescent mirrors, the pattern is relatively high.
In 2019, our domestic market for the mirrors was 24 billion yuan, rising faster than the global level. The market for the mirrors was $6.53 billion, and the 2015-2019 compound rate was 13.8 per cent.
Between 2019 and 2024, it will continue to grow at a combined rate of 11% to 11 billion yuan. Of this total, the market size of the fluorescent rigid mirrors market was 3.52 billion yuan in 2019, accounting for 32% of the market.
The market for light mirrors, where 41%, 18%, 17% respectively, are dominated by Carl Stoes, Olympus, and Shsyke, with a share of the foreign wolf and the national product Shen Dynasty, which earns between $120 million and $2 billion in Murray's medical hardware business, and is expected to have a market share of about 2%. In fluorescent mirrors, noovadaq and Opmandi are filled in at a split rate of 51%, respectively.
The company's hard mirror business is expected to grow at a high rate. Mary's fluorescent mirror product is expected to be rolled out in 2021, and is expected to rise later, thanks to channels and brand advantages. Corporate hardware business revenue is expected to exceed $200 million in 2024, compared to 2019.
The amount of chemical luminescence is comparable in the year, and we believe that microsurgery will result in a good increase in profits and a high valuation of the osteoporosis of 5.3 osteoporosis: grinding products to meet the post-combination era. The osteoporosis consists mainly of three separate markets: trauma, spinal and joint.
(a) The product lines are complex and are mainly used for the restoration and fixation of limb fractures caused by trauma; the spinal implants are used mainly for spinal deformity orthopaedic orthopaedic orthopaedic orthopaedic orthopaedic orthopaedic changes or tumours, including two types of implants, i.e., fixed systems, invertebrates;
The global osteoporosis market continues to grow as a result of population ageing, poor life patterns, unexpected traumas, and the development of emerging medical technologies. The joint products account for the largest share of the market, at 37%; the spinal column, trauma, sports medicine 18%, 14%, 11%, respectively. North America accounts for 53% of the global osteoporosis, Europe, Asia and the Pacific.
In 2019, our osteoporological implantation market was 30.8 billion yuan, an increase of 19.4 per cent compared to the previous year; the 2015-2019 combined growth rate was about 17 per cent, which is higher than the global market.
The number of osteoporological surgeries in the country will continue to grow at a high rate, with the acceleration of social ageing and rising demand for medical care. In terms of detailed substructures, the country has the highest proportion of traumas, at around 30 per cent, with spinal and joint arteries accounting for about 28 per cent, and our share of arteries, sports medicine and bone restoration materials is still low compared to the global level.
The overall penetration rate of joint implants is low, and the future amount of implants is more than 10 times higher. According to data from the Midnet and Point Information, the sales of Chinese joint implants at the end of the market in 2019 were about 8.6 billion yuan, an increase of 21.67% over the same period.
According to Frost Sullivan, 57% and 31.2% of domestic hips and knee implants, respectively, are national production rates, and there is still much room for substitution in the national knee. The year-old Wuhan Merri, is an important step forward in the company’s entry into the osteoporology market.
High-technology enterprises, companies and product markets for research, manufacturing, marketing, and services of medical appliances are well-qualified, or have an abundance of orthopaedic product lines, or products covering osteoporosis, traumas, spinal cords, external fixation, and the containment of negative flow materials, etc.
And now, with the high cost of the bone-consuming end, and the willingness and possibility of the Health Insurance Agency to buy them in bulk, we expect that the prices and market size of the subsequent industry will be significantly reduced, but that the end-use will increase significantly, and Mérry Medical will take the opportunity to develop the product, and once the product is polished and the industry pattern of the post-harvesting era is clear, the company will be expected to pass through the canal.
Table 35: Corporate Osteoporology Products, Figure 143: Vuhan Miri Developments
1999: Founded by Dekebair Company's predecessor, North Lake Tianfhui Technology Development Co. Ltd., 2005: Official launch of Wuhand Bail Surgery Inducement Co. Ltd.; same year, the company adopted certifications for the Quality Management System (QMS) in Iso901:2000 and yy/t0287-2003
2012: Merri Group holding ownership of Deskell Bail; company products certified by EUce and Iso 13485 Quality Management System
2017: Osteoporosis and restoration materials, dominated by medical devices, were rated as excellent products: the company “Deskebail” was identified as a well-known trademark in Hubei Province; the company became the sixth head of the Hubei Medical Devices Association; and the top 100 were rated as a good private technology firm and a Wuhan private innovation firm
2018: Awarded as an invisible champion in the top 100 industrial enterprises of Wuhan and the pillar industry segment of Hubei Province 2019: spinal and manual joints in the catalogue of products from good national medical equipment 2020: company officially renamed Wuhan Merri Technologies Ltd.
1) Life information and support operations: During the new crown epidemic, the global demand for anti-epidemic equipment, such as monitors and respirators, is high: the new post-epidemic medical infrastructure will provide opportunities for continued growth in corporate life information and support operations. 2020-2022 is expected to have some negative impact on services such as anaesthesia, lightbeds, defibrillators, hard mirrors, etc., with a potential to resume in 2021 and 2022.
2) In vitro diagnostic operations: instrumentation for in vitro diagnostics in 2020 dropped due to the effects of the epidemic, 3) medical imaging operations: exposure to the impact of the new coronary outbreak in early 2020, short-term decline in the demand for the purchase of colour super equipment by the terminal hospital, table 38: fcff valuation results
Mary's medical is the absolute leader of the domestic medical apparatus, and we've chosen Hing-swee medicine, medicine, medicine, el ophthalmology, and the higher market value of the device as comparable companies. Five can grow, and as the most international medical plate, we think we can give the company an average of 75 times the value in 2021.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.