2h21 overall performance. \triangleright Taiwan 1 performance: influenced by internal and external circumstances, Taiwan nuclear power unit 1 from 2021
\triangleright stopped building up on 30 July, resulting in a corresponding reduction of about 6 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generated in the months of August to December, and a reduction in operating income of about 2.3 billion yuan.
2h21 uplifted: As we had previously predicted, although 1h21 was overstretched by multiple machine inspections \triangleright over the power peaks in Guangdong Province, the annual increase in electricity was possible as the units recovered their strength from the repairs.
The rest of the company's fleet, with the exception of the Taiwan 1 aircraft, is operating normally, with an increase of 4.9 per cent in the year-on-year controlled power generation of calibres, an increase of 7.8 per cent in the management caliber (taking into account nuclear power in the red river) of which q3 and q4 are producing electricity at a rate of 10.0 per cent and 10.7 per cent, respectively, exceeding the national increase in nuclear power of 0.2 pct, over the same period.
Looking forward to global goal one: the company's earlier launch of the Long-term Development War \triangleright and the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Nuclear Power Industry, which defined the 2035 nuclear power in progress and the first global scale of the nuclear power plant in progress.
Targeting shows strategic determination to focus on nuclear power. The company now has a 2022 investment strategy for the Ningde III, Land Fung III, and 1. After closing, several projects, such as the Sanctuary III, have been submitted for approval, and the storage and development of subsequent sites is expected to continue.
The \triangleright has been pre-empted and is in the process of being repaired. But in the second half of the year, the company's power levels were bright, exceeding the national average for nuclear power. Considering that the time of rebooting of the Taiwan 1 is not yet certain, the adjustment is correct.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.