A steady increase in performance in the first three quarters of 2023, with \triangleright \triangleright, the retail price of the domestic market for pellets increased from $590/particle to $760/particle.
In response to a corresponding increase in prices of about $170/particle, the overseas market supply price was adjusted accordingly by about $35/the research assistant in the medical industry, and the lead product price increase led to a robust growth in the company ' s performance.
Cardiovascular drugs are growing rapidly, and hepatopathic drugs are growing steadily. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company received $3.562 billion in liver medicines, representing an increase of 19.84 per cent in the same year and 78.19 per cent in Maori, 40 per cent in the same year, 7.52 pct, and 3.0559 billion in the same year.
The increase in the price of q3 raw materials has led to a decline in the Māori rate of histopathic drugs. Sex, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of companies, is a risk that products will be sold less than expected, and raw material prices will fluctuate significantly.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The team of sellers worked for more than nine years and was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, who worked clinically at ppccchán and paraexel, joined the Sinda securities in 2021 and was responsible for the cxo industry study.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
She is a member of the team, a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, and a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University. She has two years of experience in securities. She joined the firm in 2022 and is responsible for research in medicine equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
Cao Jialine, team member, Master of Quantities in Economics of the Rimnan College of Nakayama University, two years of research experience in the pharmaceutical biology industry, formerly employed in the Fangzheng securities, joined the Sindam securities in 2023 and was responsible for research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl. Song Dan, team member, Master of Basic Medicine, Middle Shan Medical School of Nakayama University, two years of portfolio experience, two years of work experience in the innovative medicine research and development industry.
Zhang Jong-tao, a member of the team, Master of International Investment Finance at the University of the South, one year of research in the pharmaceutical bio-industry, cpa (professional phase), formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, joined in 2023 with the credit securities, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines. Part of this is not, and is not, relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.