Colum Pharmacy (002422); Large infusion of raw materials fast Reported reasons: Performance rating: profit of $1.026 billion, 26.00 per cent higher than the previous year. The company’s main portfolio is well developed, international innovation continues to grow, performance continues.
q1 flu, among other things, has led to a sustained surge in the demand for hospital-end fluids and a high growth in the income from the fluids. As downstream demand is strong, and companies continue to optimize the structure of the fluids, we expect that the company's fluids will continue to grow faster. Non-infusion drugs, sales revenue of $3.95 billion, a decrease of 6.93 per cent, are subject to a decline in product sales.
As the sales of 2024q1 rehabilitation new liquids, herbic acids and other products, such as Englé, the continued release of plastic water needles, and the sale of new approved products, the counterfeiting business is expected to pick up gradually in 2024. The mesmeric feedstocks are growing rapidly, and profitability continues to rise. In 2023, the company earned revenues from the antibiotic intermediates and raw materials.
The price of sulfur cyanide and penicillin is still in the balance of supply and demand, with high prices expected to remain high, and the production of the head sorghum intermediates is scarce and the price is expected to continue to warm. Synthetic biology products such as rhexol, 5-hydroxyhexyl amino, etc. are entering the production and marketing phase, and are expected to contribute to the increase in revenues.
In 2023, Columbote achieved $1.540 billion in revenues, the colent medicine industry (002422); and the three-way driving base industry.
Young, innovation to start a new cycle - company depth Local late/transferable tnbc Nda application accepted, expected to be approved in 2024, first-line treatment tnbc received btd in March 2024 and has entered critical clinical phase iii; local late/relapse hr+/her2-bc received btd,
Second-line treatment has started the iii phase of registered clinical treatment; its lung cancer adaptive disorders have been distributed separately, egfr mutations and wild Nsclc. Overseas, to date, Mercado has conducted seven global iii clinical trials covering Nsclc, endome, hr+/her2-bc, stomach cancers. A166 for her 2+bc treatments, a140 treatments of ras wild cancers are declared on the market.
In the future, more performance gains will be made from the introduction of innovative medicines, using legally compliant data, careful presentation of research findings, and an independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.