On 25 April 2024, the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry issued its annual performance report for 2023, which achieved business income of $21,454 million, i.e. +12.69 per cent, and net profit for mothers of $2,456 million.
+44.03 per cent for the same year and 2,366 million yuan for the same year +43.77 per cent for the same quarter. On the same day, the Collon Pharmaceuticals industry issued a performance report for the first quarter of 2024, during which the company achieved an operating income of $6,219 million, or 10.32 per cent, and 1,026 million yuan, or 26.00 per cent, for the same period;
* Cost optimization continues to be evident, and the trend towards growth in R & D inputs has intensified, and the market for fluids and fluids has been opened up.
During the reporting period, the company was active in opening up the fluid market, increasing the sales of the fluid products, with a depth of 2023 Divisions: three major business plates were rejuvenated and innovative, and corporate fluids generated $10.109 billion in sales revenue, an increase of 6.96 per cent over the same period; sales were increased.
2. [Waan’s Medicines] Company evaluates the Colon Pharmaceuticals industry, the benefits of the extension of the bid area, the year-round sales of sodium hydrochloride sodium hydrochloride injection fluids in Moxisa, more than 20 million bags sold in cologne during the year, of which 6.13 million bags were sold in three sacks.
There are more than 10 new listings and sales, including two more industrialization triple bags/Dorey, and a new multi-breathing intestinal nutrients double-room bags. The growing number of products being sold has greatly expanded the variety's abundance and has been expanded to other categories outside the fat-and-fat-and-fat-milk off the inside of the intestinal environment to achieve the intestinal intestinal dimension.
The objective of leading domestic firms in the field of nutrition is to restore the market for raw materials and consolidate the synthetic biology industry chain, and in 2023, the company achieved an operating income of $4,843 million on antibiotics intermediates and raw materials medicines.
This represents an increase of 23.78%. From the recovery of end-market demand, the Tianning biosulfide sulfate has now generated business income of 1,549 million yuan, an increase of 17.28% over the same period; the head sorghum intermediate has achieved business income of 100 million yuan, an increase of 40.94% over the same period.
During the reporting period, preparations were made for large-scale production and marketing of the product through participation in exhibitions and priority customer displays. At present, the Trunchin organism has developed more than 100 active ingredients, including sugar, syrup, yellow ketone, amino.
The congener and its derivatives, erythropox, rhexol, raccordane, magnesium, etc., are in deep contact with suppliers and customers. The company continues to consolidate its output in synthetic biology.
In 23 years, the innovative pharmaceutical company, Colombote, made several advances in research and development, and head line skb264 entered the registration phase. In 2023, three studies declared her2 positive breast cancers that had failed treatment to be partially late, re-emerging or transferable.
Nda applications received by the National Drug Surveillance Authority; in September 2023, a140 injection fluids were placed on the market by the National Drug Surveillance Authority for the purpose of declaring the first domestic listing of Xitosha antibiotic analogues; in December 2023, skb264 was used to receive at least two systems.
Authorities that treat non-cutable treatments (at least one of which is for late or transferary stages) The National Drug Control Authority receives requests for new drugs for late-stage or transferred adult breast cancer patients and is included in the priority review approval process.
On the overseas side, in 2023, Colombote received non-refundable down payment of $175 million from partner Moshaldon for skb264, and a total of six three notes for the single drug or combination of keytruda (Paboli single pit) triggered by the achievement of the relevant milestones.
Clinical research, and companies are expected to continue to receive relevant milestones in the future as R & D progresses; risks from changes in industrial policies; less advanced R & D than expected; less approved access than expected; experience with therapeutic industries, level-I market investments and secondary market research.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.