Infusion taps perform well, demand is strong and sustainable. The Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry (002422), the fluids continue to be over-expected, the demand is strong and the structure is optimized, and will continue to grow rapidly in the future.
Infusion plate revenue of $10.109 billion, an increase of 6.96 per cent in the same year; sales volume of 4,378 million bottles/bags, an increase of 4.25 percentage points in the 2023 round-up of closed fluids, a decrease in the cost of sales and an effective increase in net sales income in the case of the Basic Infusion Alliance.
The fifth round of sodium sodium sarsing was selected, with a market share of 488 million yuan in 2023, an increase of 8.01 per cent in the same year; the annual sales of sodium hydrochloride sodium saltate mossi increased by 175.11 per cent on the same year.
I've covered serious medical, oncology, surgery, paediatrics, digestives, etc.; following the Dott collection, there has been an increase in sales of 3.73 million bags throughout the year, representing an increase of 19.00 per cent compared to the previous year; and the fifth round of the national collection of bids has been launched in 2023.
The intermediates and raw materials yield an income of $4,843 million, an increase of 23.78%. The end market requires a response, and the Tiannin biosulphate sulphate has a revenue of $1,549 million, an increase of 17.28%.
The sorghum intermediate achieved revenue of 963 million yuan, an increase of 15.01 per cent over the same period; the penicillin intermediate earned income of 1533 million yuan, an increase of 19.96 per cent over the same period; net profits doubled; and the q1-Thonin biological sales of Māori, a relatively deep 300 figure.
The company ' s profitability has continued to increase, mainly as a result of: (a) the recovery of market demand and the price of the company ' s main product, which, according to wind data, was expected to remain high in March 2024 at a price of $522.5/kg for sulphate and $330/kg, respectively; and (b) the technological upgrading of the company ' s processes, which was expected to continue through the active promotion of green.
Recycled economies, saturated production, energy conservation, etc., have achieved efficiency gains; 3 reduced interest expenditures and higher exchange rate earnings, and a lower financial cost rate of 2.28 pct on a year-on-year basis. Corporate efficiency gains are evident and are gradually entering a new growth cycle.
Colombote's milestone revenue is on track, and the skb264 is ready for commercialization. In 2023, the Bo-Thai battalion collected $1,540 million, representing an increase of 91.62 per cent, of which the licensing and cooperation agreement from Mercado received $1,532 million; the mother's net profit for the year was $574 million, a decrease of 6.81 per cent, and the year after adjustment.
The Nda application for the partial terminal/transferable tnbc of the first ADA is accepted and approved within the year, first-line treatment tnbc was confirmed in March of this year and has entered critical clinical phase iii. The second ADA is confirmed by the eccentric epoch/relapse hr+/her2-bc.
Collon Pharmacy's tri-quarter review: performance at a high base, second-line treatment has been initiated for the ii period of ii clinical registration; its lung cancer adaptive disorders have mutated into egfr and wild-types, excellent, looking at the big fluids and Kawaning's year-round performance.
Nsclc (non-small cell lung cancer). In the overseas sector, Mercado has carried out six global ii-stage clinical trials involving first-line Nsclc treatment, second-line membrane cancer treatment, egfr-tki unresponsive, drug-resistant Nsclc, hr+/her2-breast cancer, and newly assisted early nsclc-assisted unattended treatment.
With the approval of skb264, future corporate innovation plates will contribute more profits. Investment proposals: stable growth of corporate fluid plates, higher prices for raw materials and intermediates, and the risk that Colombo will not be as fast as expected, and that of pharmaceutical sales compliance.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Sun Yi, Nanjing University Pharmaceutical Engineering/University of New South Wales, Double Master of Business Analysis, 2021, employed in the People’s Securities Institute, 2023, and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute, mainly to provide this report to its clients. Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure quality of service, control investment risk.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.