The Great Wall car (60163.sh/02333.hk) Shen Jia has been approved, internationalized and recommended for "buy-in"
On November 23, the Wall Cars issued an announcement that the Wall and BMW Holdings had been approved for a production base with a total investment of RMB 5.1 billion in a planned capacity of 160,000 vehicles, which is expected to be completed in 2022 and will be used for the manufacture of fully exported fuel vehicles and for the development of pure electric vehicles (pure electric vehicles).
Internationalization is one of the key strategies for corporate development, and corporate collaboration with BMW is expected to contribute to the company’s progress in internationalization. Companies keep up with better sales growth, with stronger cost controls in the face of market downturns.
In addition, the company's counter-cyclical expansion of production capacity reflects the future development of the light vehicle production base, which has been approved, and the next step in internationalization: on November 23, the Wall Cars issued an announcement that the Wall and BMW Holdings are located on the basis of a production base in Port Zhang.
Started year, completed in 2022; the future base will be used for the manufacture of fully exported fuel vehicles and for the development of pure electric vehicles (pure electric manufacturing requires separate approval).
On the one hand, in June of this year, the company completed the construction of a whole Russian car factory and planned to produce 80,000 vehicles, which will not only boost the company’s sales in Russia, but will also blow up.
Shooting the Eastern European market; on the other hand, companies have established offshore R&D centers in Japan, the United States, India, Germany, etc. As internationalization advances, there has also been a marked increase in corporate exports, with the company cumulatively exporting 55,000 vehicles in January-October this year, an increase of 38%.
Corporate sales grew at a steady pace in October: the company continued to maintain a better pace of sales, reflecting a more competitive market for the company’s output. In October, the company sold 115,000 cars, Mom+15%, Yoy+4.5%, and a monthly sales target of 78.4%.
One, yoy + 22.5%, thanks mainly to the better performance of the newly marketed high-end pyka cannons, which sells 5020 this month, and the subsequent uphill sales are expected to continue. Suv sales remain steady, Huff brands 86,000, mom + 14.9%, yoy + 1.74%, of which Hafh 6, h7 and m6 are covered.
Good sales, big increase in ring ratios. 41,000, Mom + 28%, Yoy - 1.2%, 15017, Mom + 22%, sold in June by Haugh. Prospective profit: a company, with greater cost control, obtained in a depressed market.
In addition, the company is now actively expanding its productive capacity, and this year, besides Russia and Chongqing, the Youngcheon plant has been established, and the production and research and development bases of Pinghu, Taizhou, Sun-shine are being actively developed, and the productive and research and development capabilities of the postnatal company are expected to expand further; the company is expanding in reverse cycles.
Productive capacity reflects confidence in future development. Corporate sales are growing at a relatively high rate, with a lower base period in the fourth quarter of last year, and a lower expected decline in performance in the year than in the third quarter. We predict that company Chinaresearchdept.
The Wall's monthly sales and yoy data source: company announcements, group coupons (expected return; er) are expected, as follows:
Sell sell ( -30% er\le-10%); strong strongsell (er\le - 30%)