The Great Wall Car (601633): High-performance ahead of schedule, Huff mode approved.
The Great Wall is China's largest suv manufacturing enterprise and national product. Three-quarterly summaries: Wall cars collected $62.6 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, down 6 per cent from the same year.
Four brands with products covering 21.2 billion yuan in pickups, cars and suv in the third quarter, an increase of 18 per cent in the same year; net profit for mothers in the first three quarters of $2.9 billion, three product categories with three main productions: warranty, Xu Shui and Tianjin
A 26 per cent decline over the same period, with the third quarter ' s net return to the mother of $1.4 billion, a sharp increase of 507 per cent over the same period. Base. The company ' s business was dominated by full-car manufacturing and sales, and the company ' s Māori rate was 15.3 per cent in the previous three quarters, an increase of 1.7 per cent over the same period, with the Māori rate of 18.5 per cent in the third quarter.
The q3 profit margin has risen significantly and the financial level has improved. We believe that the increase in corporate profitability is mainly due to a return to the full-scale Māori ratio. After July five inventory digesting, the company, as an autonomous brand head, has a better product, product competitiveness, consumer recognition and bargaining power.
The Hover product renewal model has been certified by the market, with a number of business boosts. The Hover product renewal model is a continuous, rolling update of the H6, F7 and M6. This model has been validated by the Chinese car market, and Hover has been growing steadily in the low car market. For 19q4 and 20 years, we are looking forward to 19 q4 and 20 years.
It is believed that sales will return faster than the market. Moreover, pure electric Euros, pickups and overseas operations will bring long-term growth that will reduce the cyclical impact.
In the first three quarters of 2019, the Great Wall collected $62.6 billion, a 6 per cent drop in the same year, and the net profit of the mother is $2.9 billion, a 26 per cent drop in the same year.
Net profits of $2.6 billion, a 29 per cent drop in the same year. 72.40 million vehicles, a 7 per cent increase in the same year, and 68 per cent compliance with annual sales targets. Picard sales have risen steadily, with 98,000 items sold in 2019q3 and are unshakeable, and the chemical pickup "Gross Gun" that was put on the market at the end of October is expected to add to its brightness. The company’s high-end brand of Wey is sold this year.
We believe that its plans to advance to the European market will help it to upgrade its brand power, and that the topping of its network southwards will be in line with its marketing priorities, and it is likely to reverse the decline.
Haverh6 is the first to sit down on the suv, and he's got the share of the joint venture. The joint venture speeds up the low-end model, and most of the auto tags are squeezed because of their weak competitiveness. According to the FMC, the September Great Wall's fist, Haffah 6, is still at the top of the suv market, and the second-largest public visit is nearly 10,000. At the same time, the Wall's car won the suv's first sales out of 14,000 vehicles, mainly from Huff.
F5 and Hafff7. The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is a combination of new energy sources. The pure electric brand of Eura under the Great Wall was launched in September 18th and January 19th, respectively.
Euroiq and Euror1,2019q3 achieved sales of 32,000, of which Euror1 accumulated sales of 22,576 in the first three quarters of the year. In order to achieve speed, the company created a platform for "Oulala Out" alone. In addition, this year, the company launched a pure electric card, 7ev, and the top brand, Wey, will launch the Vv7phev version by the end of November, all of which highlights the multi-dimensional electricization of the Wall's automobiles and the rapid pace of change in the industry.
In the case of helium fuel cells, the company ' s Helium Energy Technology Centre was built last year, and it is expected that the first fuel cell vehicle will be officially launched in 2022, and that it will invest in the German hydrogen plant operator, h2m.
In the draft, companies not only innovatively use sales and net profits as indicators, but also give them 65% weight. This is consistent with the company’s business philosophy since this year, that is, winning market shares through concessions.
Figure 9: The Great Wall Car Restricted Stock and Equity Incentives 2019 The East’s financial and intellectual boom in consumption by car has fallen short of expectations; the price of raw materials has risen significantly.
The Great Wall Car (601633).
Liu Qinghua University B.A., Master of Arts, cfa holder, Dartmouth College, United States of America, seven years of research and development and management experience in the auto parts and components industry at home and abroad.
Securities, research in the automobile industry, and an analysis of your own research views.
We've tried to report objective and fair, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.