The Great Wall Cars (601633): "Mather Effect" intensified, Huff absorbed the tail share of the Wall Cars
The Great Wall car is China’s largest suv manufacturing enterprise and the Chinese automobile industry’s “Mathema effect” is gradually increasing. In recent years, the motor vehicle industry has seen far lower profits.
Four brands, covering pickups, cars, and suv, have increased revenue, and the loss of profitability in the context of stock competition has put a great strain on marginal car companies. Three product categories, with three main production types: warranty, Xu Shui, Tianjin.
As competition in the market increases, the tailings phase-out of cars has been finalized. The main reasons are: first, the base. The company's operations are based on whole-car manufacturing and sales, and the upgrading of the country's six emission standards has made it more difficult to control the cost and development cycle of the entire factory. Second, the development of new ones.
According to our analysis of the sales of non-I and second-line (non-jointly owned and non-owned) cars, the need for the platform is in contradiction with the fact that low sales are not cost-sharing.
The sales volume of the tail car company, 19m1-9, was 668,000, compared to 1.91 million during the same period last year, a significant decline of 48% over the same period, and the city’s share of the stock fell further from 6% to 4%. Hafer in the Wall has a strong advantage in absorbing the tail share of the business compared to the competition.
Target clients in the industry are more price-sensitive and more focused on the appearance and interior of cars, and the rejuvenation and price-fixing Hover is attractive. Second, the target clients of the tailings are mostly located in low- and middle-income areas, with the Wall being located with a higher degree of overlap.
The high-end suv-wey under the Great Wall's car flag fell 34% by the same year in the three quarters of 2019. So wey did not enjoy the dividends of the withdrawal of marginal firms, but rather benefited from the positioning of a par value Hoff brand.
The Great Wall Car (601633): "Mathel effect" increases, Hover absorbs the tail share.
According to the National Statistical Office, the increase in profits in the automobile manufacturing sector in recent years has been far lower than the increase in its revenues, and the loss of profitability in the context of stock competition has caused the marginal car companies to become extremely vulnerable.
With increased competition in the market, the elimination of tail car companies has been finalized. The reasons for this are two things: first, the upgrading of national six emission standards has made it more difficult to control the cost and development cycle of the entire plant. The reasons for this are that the domestic purification and reprocessing systems of the country’s six-stage value enhancement are dominated by multinational giants, and the bargaining power of the downstream whole factory is weak; and the national six-b standards will be global history.
At the top of the scale, the manufacturing costs of the corresponding systems will also be the highest in history: large amounts of specialized raw materials in reprocessing systems come from abroad, price fluctuations are high, and downstream lack the ability to control upstream supply. Second, the key to the survival of an enterprise in the period of industrial restructuring is to match consumer demand with multi-positioned product matrices.
The cost is at least $500 million, and even if a bicycle is profitable by $5,000, businesses will have to sell 100,000. But, at this stage, the overall volume is low, let alone the tail.
According to our analysis of the sales of non-I and second-line companies (non-jointly owned and non-autonomous major vehicles), the sales volume of these tail companies was 668,000 vehicles, compared with 1.291 million during the same period last year, a sharp decline of 48 per cent over the same period, and the city's share fell further from 6 per cent to 4 per cent.
The Wall Hover has had a great advantage in absorbing the tailings’ share compared to the competitions. Hafer has been strong in recent years, moving away from ownership in the context of the slide of most autonomous brand sales, with a unique pattern of product rolling renewal. Hafer’s sales in September 2019 increased by 75,000 vehicles by 22% compared to 520,000 in the previous three quarters, and by 12% compared to the previous three quarters. We believe that there are two reasons:
The source of financial growth in the East is the fact that the target customers of the tail companies are more price-sensitive than power systems and configurations to the appearance and interior of cars. As the marginal cars are being phased out, we believe that Hover, who is fully configured, committed to making a young and price-setting site, is likely to be attracted.
This segment of the client base increases its market share because the target clients of the end-of-business are mainly located in low- and middle-income areas, and the Wall has a high degree of overlap with it.
By contrast, Hafer has a 75% distribution of distributors in low- and middle-income provinces.
Figure 7: Distribution of Hafer distributors (up to 2019q3), on the other hand, high-end suv Wey, under the Great Wall's car flag, dropped by 34% by the same time in the three quarters of 2019.
Instead of reaping the dividends of the exit of marginal firms, it is the advantage of the low-priced Hafer brand. As the situation of the marginal-car companies shows, China’s car market, once it has entered the stock, is no longer a bruising market, but only if the product is too strong and well-positioned to survive in the sand and to be able to take up more of the market share.
Hafer has always been the leader of the national product suv, and the product cycle model, which is constantly deriving from the H6, f7 and m6, is gradually being developed, and a detailed and complete suv product matrix has been laid. In the restructuring of the city, Hafer succeeded in absorbing a share of the tailings, which is the market’s recognition of its brand power. As the city’s “Matheer effect” increases, we believe that Hafer will further contribute to the performance of the Great Wall’s car.
The price of raw materials has risen dramatically.
The Great Wall car (601633): "Mathel effect" increases, Hafer absorbs the tail share, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Great Wall car (601633): “The Matthews effect” has intensified, and Hafer's share of the tail is absorbed.
Liu Xiaoming joined the Eung Xing securities program to study the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.