The Great Wall Cars are being sold in November 2019.
13.08%. Of this total, 83,000 were sold by Hafer, a decline of 21.63% from the previous year, with a cumulative sales of 690,000 this year, or 29.05% from the same year. Corporate sales fell by the same year in November, and the Hover series, owing to the conservativeness of the inventory strategy, did not have enough sales.
We believe that the company’s new car series of m still contributes to growth, compared to market performance (nearly 12 months)
Each year, the optimal structure of the company’s products will drive a further increase in profitability. The sale of Xi Pika is excellent, the sales of O'La are under pressure, the sales of the Great Wall cannons are steadily going up, and the sales are now out of 6,000, and the company is expected to sell this year.
It will reach 150,000, and 200,000, next year. New-energy car subsidies, including the downside of the bus industry, which began in July of this year, and sales in Eurasia in November, will be slightly lower than market expectations, waiting for Eurasia to get back on sale, as the company's electric layout is improved, and as the Eura new car is on the market.
At a time when the market considers the company ' s new model to be inadequate in 2020, we believe that the gradual streamlining of the company ' s product lines will have a positive effect on branding, inter-car competition, etc., that companies still have the capacity to build the model of a car, and that as the domestic automobile industry enters maturity, the division of the industry increases and the company is the leader of the industry.
The market share will continue to rise, and long-term development opportunities will be appreciated. Autonomous branding of new products will not be as popular as expected.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic is based on the author's professional understanding, that the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed by any third party or