Chemical agents/chemicals/pharmaceuticals Innovation into the harvest period, bd cooperation to sustain gains and losses such as holding R & D institutions to achieve the deduction of non-recurrent losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies
In the first half of 2024, companies managed to generate 1,110 million yuan in industrial R & D (excluding equity investment), an increase of 10.34 per cent over the same period, of which 761 million yuan was spent on R & D, an increase of 14.04 per cent over the same period. Direct R & D expenditure accounted for the pharmaceutical industry.
The company is currently working on 129 projects, of which 86 are innovative products and bio-like drugs.
Nmpa accepted the company's new type 1 new drug, Magfr's sensitive listing application was accepted in May this year. In terms of autonomous R & D, the company has a global innovation level.
The small molecule glp-1 receptor agonist hdm1002 is expected to obtain the second clinical top line results in q4 this year; the two-point innovative Hdm1005 in glp-1/gip is expected to obtain the top line results in Ia and ib clinical trials this year in q4 and is scheduled to start in early 2025.
1. Corporate research: China’s first clinical case of the product was completed in August of that year; the first fully self-researched Hpk-1protac (the hemodynamicase 1 protein degradation target to the mosaic) drug hdm2006.
In August of this year, the application of the Chinese ind was accepted for the treatment of late-stage real tumors; company autonomy. 2. Annual report: Adc project hdm202020 and hdm2012 completed pcc
(000963) - Business performance is changing quarterly, entering the ind research and development phase, with applications expected to be submitted to China and the United States in 2025.
3. Annual Report Review: 31 July of the year, 129 medical institutions were trained in the use of the product and certified.
In July of this year, the company obtained all the ttyp01s of Australian biology (Idala Pin), which were licensed as the only Idala oral pill in the world, with an acute shortage.
The treatment of haemorrhagic cerebral pawns has completed the national clinical ii phase and is expected to be submitted this year q4 to nda. (000963) - Lilalu Pin injection fluids Obesity overweight adaptations are approved and follow-up action is taken.
In July of this year, the Great China qx005n community acquired its rights as an innovative humanized monoclonal antibodies for the l-4ra target, with severe acute dermatitis and nodal anccelerosis among adults.
Two of the country's three clinical trials with adaptive conditions are in the group. The talent introduced in August of this year (000963), which keeps the performance growing, is now running a large b-cell lymph with the Cd19 self-car-t candidate product in the country.
Now, the innovative tube line is worth looking for a clinical study of three adaptive conditions: tumors, lymphoma set and acute blymphocyte leukemia, which is expected to be submitted this year by q4 to a bla with a large b cell lymphoma.
The annual report says that the Chinese medicine industry has performed well.
The full capital subsidiary, Sinclair, affected by weak global economic growth and fluctuations in demand in the ebd phase of operations, achieved an estimated RMB 570 million in revenue in the first half of the year, equivalent to RMB 618 million in revenue, an increase of 19.78% over the same period, which is important for the growth of corporate performance as a whole.
Contribution. The company has 40 high-end products in the field of “no and no” medicine at the global level, of which 26 have been placed on the market, and the product mix covers non-surgery mainstream areas such as botulinum toxins, facial and body injection fillings, energy source skin management, body plastics, etc.
The clustering of products, the number and coverage of products are among the highest in the industry, and the international influence of the industry continues to grow. A specialized market promotion team with more than 300 people in the company’s medical and aesthetic business has been set up to create a global network of medical and aesthetic marketing, which now covers more than 80 countries and locations around the world.
The pharmaceutical industry is back on the rise, and many products in the field of innovation are declared on the market, and it is expected to be approved in the course of the year, with a harvest period, self-research capability gradually demonstrated, and medical and aesthetic operations performed well. We maintain that “the risk of buying medicines, the risk of new medicines being developed and marketed at a slower pace than expected, and the risk of lower prices for products.
For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows: