Half-yearly in 2024, Chinese medicine (000963) reported an increase in the net profit increase of the company ' s q2 net profit. q2 earned $10,554 million in 2024, an increase of 2.76 per cent, and a net return of $834 million, an increase of the same amount, on a quarterly basis.
The growth of 22.85 per cent, the increase of the net profit growth ring for q2 and the continued steady increase in the net profit for q2 and the continued steady growth in the company ' s four major business portfolios. During the first half of 2024, the company ' s pharmaceutical industry achieved operating income of $6,698 million (including cso operations), an increase of 10.63 per cent over the same period.
The net return to the mother was 1.385 billion yuan, an increase of 11.48 per cent over the previous year; the company ' s pharmaceutical business block continued to grow steadily; the company ' s industrial micro-organisms section achieved sales revenue of 285 million yuan, an increase of 27.43 per cent over the same period last year. The company ' s four business lines continued to grow steadily and are of good quality.
The company has stepped up its research and development efforts. It has continued to expand its research and development efforts in the field of endocrine, self-immunisation, and oncology, in line with its “research-based, patient-centred” corporate philosophy.
Inputs have continued to enrich the layout of innovative drug research and development pipelines, to strengthen the innovation research and development biosphere and technology platform, and to contribute actively to the progress of clinical trials, resulting in a number of significant milestones. As of the end of the first half of 2024, there were 129 ongoing research projects in medicine, including innovative products and bio-like products.
There are 86 pharmaceutical projects. In the first half of the year, 1,110 million yuan (excluding equity investment) was spent on research and development in the pharmaceutical industry, an increase of 10.34 per cent over the same year, of which 761 million yuan was spent on direct research and development, an increase of 14.04 per cent over the same period, and 11.58 per cent of the receipts in the pharmaceutical industry.
The company’s business, which covers the entire pharmaceutical chain, has four major business plates: the pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical business, the pharmaceutical trade, the medical arts, and the industrial micro-organisms, and has developed into a large, integrated pharmaceutical listing company that collects medicines for research, development, production, and distribution.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.