The pharmaceutical team has continued to grow steadily, and the creative pipeline has been continuously enriched.
1. China East Pharmaceuticals: A good start in the quarter, progress in research and development, steady growth in each section and steady increase in profitability.
Business performance indicators for the four major business portfolios of industry, medicine, and industrial micro-organisms have continued to grow steadily. Quality of operations and growth dynamics have continued to increase steadily.
Realizing operating income (including cso operations) of $6.698 billion, an increase of 10.63 per cent over the same period; achieving income from the combined operating income of approximately RMB 570 million during the reporting period, a decrease from the same period, affected by weak global economic growth and fluctuations in demand in the ebd phase of operations
14.81 per cent; Xinqiao Mimei achieved income of $618 million, an increase of 19.78 per cent over the same year, which continues to make a significant contribution to the overall growth in the performance of the Division.The layout of the line of innovation medicine research and development continues to be rich and is expected to contribute to the growth of performance.
As of August 2024, corporate medicine was developing 86 items of innovative products and bio-like drugs. In terms of progress in research and development, the company introduced its first global drug, adc, Sometto.
In the field of endocrine, the self-researched oral molecule glp--
One receptor agonist, hdm1002, has completed two clinical studies on body weight management adaptations for overweight or obese populations by August this year.
Research and development in the company’s various treatment areas are well advanced and are expected to contribute to an increase in performance.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, we maintain a profit projection for 2024-2026, with companies expected to achieve net return profits separately, and R & D of products at a slower pace than expected; increased competition in product markets has led to a risk of a decline in net interest rates;
Market diffusion is not as high as the expected risks, etc. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market