Hua Yun 39 (00099.sz) - Quarterly Review 2025 - Short-term pressure, merger and integration of high-quality development of the medical organism Nakagawa
In the first quarter of 2025, there was a slight decline in corporate revenue, profits and a steady increase in cash flows. In the first quarter of 2025, the company collected $6,854 million (-6.04 per cent), resulting in a net profit of $1,270 million (-6.87 per cent) from the mother, and a decline in cash flows, a restructuring of the Kundun channel and a weakening of the industry.
(+24.57%) operating robustly, partially benefiting from a discounting strategy. The company completes the acquisition of 28% of the share of the Tianxil during the first quarter, with no impact on the revenue and profits during the first quarter.
The product business is in a reasonable range of adjustments, due to the reduction in the incidence of influenza and respiratory diseases during the quarter, short-term pressure of the cold respiratory category, robust skin and gastrointestinal behaviour, and the company is active in expanding the range of paediatrics, osteoporosis, liver galls, gynaecology, etc. The prescription drug business remains steady and good: the formulation particles respond positively to the set.
In the area of anti-infection products, the Department is active in dealing with the collection and maintaining the market share of the collection.
Huo-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu!
On January 9, 2025, the National Drug Control Service officially approved the listing. As of March 31, 2025, the company had acquired four credits.
The future company will actively develop the business model of the classic brand and channel, taking into account the clinical value of the classic name and the advantages of the Chinese brand and channel.
“Thirty-quarterly review of China Yun” (000999.sz) - 2024 - short-term profit margin” - “Thirty-year review of China Yun” (000999.sz) - “Thirty-quarterly evaluation of 2024 - steady R & D strength”.
Investment Recommendations: Merger and Purchase Integration for High-Quality Development, which maintains a “better than the big market” rating.
Performance is expected to sustain robust growth. Corporate revenue, a slight decline in profits, a steady increase in cash flow in the first quarter of 2025. Corporate revenue in the first quarter of 2025 was billions (-8.25%), mainly due to falling demand for cold products at a high base, re-routing of medicine and industry terminals.
Weaknesses. Net operating cash flow of 980 million yuan (+24.57%) is sound and partly benefits from a discounting strategy. Companies complete the acquisition of 28% of TSS shares in the first quarter, with no fractions for the first quarter: chc resilience highlights and prescriptions are stable.
Due to the reasonable range of adjustments, affected by the reduction in the incidence of influenza and respiratory diseases during the quarter, short periods of pressure for cold respiratory products, robust skin and gastrointestinal behaviour, the company actively expands into paediatrics, osteoporosis, liver galls, gynaecology, etc. The prescription operations remain steady and good: formulation particles respond positively to the collection and promote cost optimization; Chinese injections are in place
In the area of industrial integration, the company completes the acquisition of 28% of the share of the share of the share of the share of the share of the share of the Chinese stencillation. Huo-Yun-Yun, Tian-Six, and Kun-Ken medicine are in the form of a matrix. Huo-Yun-Yu-Yu-Chung-Chung-Chun-Chung-chc is at the core.
Quite a few words, but it's not the same thing that I'm talking about, but it's the same thing that I'm talking about. I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I's talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, I's thinking, I's thinking, I's thinking, I's thinking, I's thinking, I's thinking, I's thinking, I's, I's thinking, I's thinking, I's, I's thinking, I's, I's, I's, I's, I's.
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables The authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and the results of the analysis are based on the results of the analysis.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author