On April 29, the company published its one-monthly report for 2025. 2025q1, the company achieved total operating income.
Chc: In the context of last year’s high influenza prevalence base, the actual international sales of cold-type terminals were weaker in the first quarter of this year. The company’s cold medicine, stomach medicine, skin medicine remained stable.
Prescription drugs: the company continuously improves the academic value and competitiveness of the prescription product lines and actively embraces the collection of medicines. The company completes a quarterly acquisition of 28% of the shareholdings in the Censorship, which continues to rise.
As the collection progresses, the Quan Pharmacy Group is expected to gain more space in the empty market. The company has changed through the Quan Pharmacy Channel, which has enhanced the positioning of the refined pharmaceutical industry, including the three-and-seven products, and is expected to further enhance the synergy of brands and channels in the second quarter.
In the future, the three listed companies, SQP, are expected to continue to build on their core competencies, with a deep 2024q3 performance burden, and a steady integration of strategic M&As with their respective differential advantages.
Choc's business is growing steadily, and it's a strong acquisition of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, the chain layout, and the proposed acquisition of 28% of Tuxice's share, which is expected to enhance Chinese drug innovation.
In view of the secondary development of large varieties, the optimization of medicinal resources and process upgrading, the optimization of pharmaceutical resources, process improvement and quality improvement around core products such as 999 senses, 999 days of improvisation and osteoporosis, and upgrading of product quality and market competitiveness.
Making a transition, moving the digital transformation forward, building a competitive advantage in the entire industrial chain through the use of i-technology and intelligence manufacturing to improve production efficiency and quality of products. Profit forecasting and investment advice: companies are leading firms in the field of Chinese medicine otc, in powerful acquisitions
On the basis of its strength, the Chinese pharmaceutical industry is constantly enriched, and in the future it is expected that the market outside the courtyard will be two-wheel-driven. Without taking into account the influence of the acquisition of Tianxian power, according to the company's disclosure,
Risk factors: Possible effects of changes in respiratory morbidity, provincial collusive implementation of the Chinese prescription particle varieties, collection of booster surfaces, drig/dip payments nationwide balance sheet (millions of yuan)