Annual Report 2024: The Chc field has a strong position and is expected to become more competitive in the industrial chain.
Net cash flows from camp activities of $4,402 million, or 5.02 per cent over the same period; net benefits from repatriation of $3,368 million, or 18.05 per cent over the same period; net profits from deduction of non-repatriation of $3,118 million, or double-digit growth from the same income structure: chc, prescription drugs
In terms of income structure, in 2024, the company ' s self-diagnosis (chc) business achieved revenue of 12,482 million yuan, an increase of 14.13 per cent compared to the previous year, representing 45.20 per cent of the company ' s operating income; prescription drugs and chc operations: negative growth, with a strong position in the core and self-diagnosis fields
The chc health consumer business is the core business of the company, with products mainly covering flu, gastrointestinal, skin, liver, paediatrics, orthopaedics, gynaecology, brain, etc., based on the “999” master brand builder matrix. In 2024, the company’s chc business achieved a reverse increase in retail pressure.
Long. According to China Concmh, in 2024, the distribution of medicines in China ' s retail pharmaceutical market increased by the same size by 0.8 per cent; in real pharmacies (including o2o), the sales of medicines increased by 0.3 per cent by the same magnitude; and in electric power channels, the sales of drugs slowed down to 4.6 per cent, compared with company Chc.
In the core categories, the company ' s combination of flu, skin, gastrointestinal products has continued to strengthen, with 999 flus, rapid growth and strong brand leadership; 999 antiviral oral fluids have gained a leading share, and 999 small woody particles have achieved rapid growth in size and share, in addition to throat, flu prevention,
New intestinal and non-pharmacological products such as 999 ice-free fumes, 999 jade-screen oral fluids, 999 polyclinics, 999 pulmonary granules, 999 monkey mushrooms, bacterium powder, etc. are on the market.
Othaway phosphate product series, 999 brood suspensions, etc.; in addition, 999 AUSO business successfully introduced large single vitamin d drops into a calcium d matrix. With regard to brands and channels, companies responded to the trend of increasing the importance of electricity channels, innovative brand chains, etc.
The industry has taken the lead in launching a short, scaled project to connect under-line pharmacies, business super-associates, prescriptions: showing more resilience, and buying and buying stylists is expected to speed up the replenishment of the innovative pipeline in 2024, in the face of the industry's deep and steady slowdown in health-care costs.
Change, corporate prescriptions showed greater resilience in 2024, the company’s prescription drug business, the company’s clinical value-oriented research and development in the priority area of disease. 953 million yuan was invested in research and development in 2024, and a total of 131 projects were developed during the “145” period.
On August 5, 2024, the company disclosed the announcement of a major asset restructuring plan for the acquisition of 28% of the share of Tin Shiqqil. Tusk has a significant advantage in modern Chinese medicine innovation and transformation, and according to the 2024 newspaper, he currently has a R & D pipeline covering 98 items of the research product.
Comprises 33 innovative drugs of class 1; 27 are in clinical trials and 22 are in clinical ii and iii phases. At present, the strong association with sensibility is expected to further enhance the core competitiveness of the entire industry chain and expand the pipeline of innovative Chinese pharmaceutical products.
In the face of the current wave of silver economy, the company's strategic M & As Group, 2024.
Pharmaceutical groups and companies are steadily moving toward integration in line with a three-year integration plan. In the field of state-of-the-art pharmaceuticals, they build up strong monolithics, sustain high-growth potential products, dig up more classic products, and integrate their business channels in depth and optimize their business models to fully exploit and continuously upgrade them.
In 2024, the Kuen Pharmacy Group completed the acquisition of 51% of the share in Hsien Luang Fire, and the future Kun Pharmacy Group will create a brand called "777" together with Hsien Hsien Luang, which will serve as an important group of three and seven oral preparations to expand its operations.
Choc’s flagship has a distinct brand advantage; in addition, the company’s merger and acquisition has continued in recent years, with a clear long-term strategic plan. Huo Yun’s 39 is dominated by ch’c, Tshiz is the leader of a Chinese innovation drug for the core business, and Kun’s 37-year-old drug is silver for the core business, as well as a Chinese drug for the best.
For the first time, macroeconomic pressure increases the risk of inadequate growth in roughly pharmaceutical consumption capacity; policies, such as health insurance payments, fall short of expectations; and the risk of collecting or charging less than market expectations.
China-China Securities and Medicine Team: Over the years of sedimentation, a better system of research and analysis has been put in place, with a wide range of coverage, unique opinions, and many differences, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. This report has been prepared by China-China Securities Corporation (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for dispatch or for any dispatch, release,
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.