Researchchand developmentcenter deep-seated and thin-haired, wealth management at first sight.
– In-depth report from the stock exchange company 601878, Wang Qing Research Assistant, deep-seated and thin-haired, wealth management has come to the fore.
The company is based in Zhejiang, which is located in Hangzhou, and controls the Zhejiang securities (601878.sh). The Zhejiang Transport Investment Group, which is the only publicly listed company under the Group’s financial block, is the Zhejiang Transport Investment Group.
The management of the division comes mostly from regulation and state companies, and the ability to control compliance is strong. Zhejiang province is economically well developed, listed companies and high-net clients are rich in resources, companies have been deep-drawing the river and the long triangle for years, and the position of the sector is more significant.
For the first time, a multi-channel replenishment of operating funds covering ipo, fixed increases, debt transfer, etc., supports companies in moving towards the first line of industry logic, with dividends in corporate wealth management and investment.
In the context of continuing progress, wealth management has become an industry consensus. The bond-making model will rewrite the public trusting industry, which is mainly focused on the competition patterns of banks, and the gap between bond-broker and bank-channel sales is gradually narrowing, and the scale of coupons with excellent sales capacity is expected to increase.
Under the system of registration, firms are more efficient in listing and more regulated offshore listings. More high-quality firms will be able to land on a share, and companies will move to opportunities for development.
In 2020, activities such as the company's big-time business, the firm's intensive research industry, close cooperation with upstream and downstream firms, and the seller's increased influence in the market for research services as a service industry and capital market machine.
The strategy focuses on wealth management, product and service excellence. Companies attach great importance to the development of wealth management.
Since the transition, companies have introduced more than 100 private sector professionals, with a strong capacity to control clients’ assets, and a rapid increase in the stock retention of their products. The company’s product system is now dominated by private fund-raising, working with its clients in the province.
Risk preferences match, companies sell their private products with excellent performance, clients hold good experiences, customers accept that the size of the purchases has increased dramatically, and 1h21 companies have outperformed the middle- and middle-class productization rate, ranking first in the industry.
One of the conglomerates provides a fertile ground for companies to finance their investments, benefiting from the “Operation Phoenix” scheme, which promotes business listing and merger restructuring. The company's stock-taking, bond-taking and merger-purchase-reorganization operations are growing at a high rate, and in 2020 it received more than $1 billion, twice the same amount.
Bonds have been rolled out into the top 10 countries, and Phoenix 2.0 will generate more excellent firms to be listed, and the company’s performance in the next five years is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to return a net profit of 2,194 million.
Sotp valuations for companies, 20 times the value for brokerage, wealth management, investment and capital operations, and 1.7 times the pb value for heavy assets (trust and investment operations).
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., 48.4 billion yuan, gives a “buy-in” rating.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, interference and shock; less than expected progress in the audit of the Science and Technology Board and the Enterprise Board Registration System, resulting in investment + less than expected business performance; less than expected in the reform of corporate marketing; and less progress in the transformation of wealth management
Recommended logic: Zhejiang Province has a sound economic base and investment environment, is one of the conglomerates of our listed companies and high net-value individuals, and as a local voucher dealer, the securities of the merchants have a unique position advantage, and the company has developed a strategic layout of “a River-based, long-deep triangle, expanding along the Yangtze River, choosing the opportunities of the sea and the Pearl Triangle” to provide value-added services to high net-value customers.
The company has the potential of “black horse” for wealth management: first, the company's strategy focuses on wealth management and supports rapid business development from the organizational structure to the incentives; and second, the company invests in a strong professional capacity to identify high-quality assets and upgrades its customers.
The efficiency of asset allocation and the accumulation of long-term customers aum have created a virtuous circle; third, a team of high-quality clients has been built and will grow, with very strong control over clients, clients, and clients. By 2020, and in the first half of 2021, corporate wealth management revenues have become stable, and corporate profitability will leapfrog qualitatively.
I. Merchant Merchant Merchant, heading towards the 1st Platoon, a regional voucher dealer with a strong shareholder background, Zhejiang Regional Bond, formerly known as Kimshin Bond Bond, established on 9 May 2002 and renamed in 2012
For securities, the registered capital of 3,612 million yuan, the fully held holdings of futures and futures companies, Zhejiang Capital Management and Zhejiang Securities and Asset Management Limited, and the participation of Zhejiang Securities Fund Management Limited, have now formed the industrial layout of securities, futures, investments, capital management and funds.
At the end of September, the company announced that it would release $7 billion worth of fungible debt to supplement operating funds to support business development.
At the end of the month, the share of Zhejiang ' s three high-speed holdings decreased from 70.83% in 2017 to the current level of 54.79%, with other shareholders holding less than 5% of the share.
With the strong industrial power of the group itself, it is expected that the company will further promote productive synergies and rapid growth of its business. The management comes from many regulatory and state companies, and the control of compliance is strong.
The provincial futures regulatory office, the Zhejiang Supervisory Authority of the China Censorship Council, and Vice-President Jiang Zhihui have been appointed to the Central Bank Hangzhou Financial Supervisory Authority, the Zhejiang Supervisory Authority of the Silver Supervisory Board. Wang Qingshan, President, has been Director General of the Zhejiang Province Transport Investment Group and Secretary of the Zhejiang Hangang High Highway Company.
In May 2021, the company was selected as the first securities firm to be “White List”. Under the hierarchical regulatory policy, the company, as a ticketer on the White List, enjoyed “privileges” such as innovative business piloting, refinancing and bond distribution green corridors. 1.2 Based on the Zhejiang, deep-drawing triangles have significant regional advantages.
Zhejiang Province has a well-developed economy and a large pool of resources for listed companies and high net people. In recent years, gdp has grown steadily, with a total production value of $646.13 billion in 2020, an increase of 3.63 per cent in comparison with the previous year, making fourth place in the country. On the Internet and high-end manufacturing industries, Zhejiang Province is home to a large number of very good listed companies and high net people. As of September 2021, there were 580 countries in Zhejiang Province.
Listed companies ranked second only after Guangdong; Zhejiang Province had a per capita income of 46,000 yuan in 2020, followed only by Beijing and Shanghai, with 196,000 households with a high net worth of millions of assets in the province, ranked fifth in the country, followed by Beijing, Guangdong, Shanghai, Hong Kong, China, corporate investment, wealth management, etc.
Figure 2: In Zhejiang province, gdp is the fourth largest company in the country. The main business is brokering and wealth management, credit, investment, capital management, investment and futures.
The net revenue from agency sales increased by 53.1 per cent from 918 million yuan, of which 208 million yuan from wealth management products and 22.67 per cent from 6.12 per cent in 2019 to 1h21. Given the competitive nature of Zhejiang brokering, companies have secured a stable market share through a low commission strategy, and the share of corporate brokerage in the past decade has stabilized at 1-1.3 per cent.
Figure 6: High growth in revenue from brokering, with an increase in the share of wealth management, figure 7:1h21 SMS commission rates slightly higher than industry averages
Brokering and wealth management revenue (millions of yuan) - the share of surrogate financial products in surrogate sales income (%) Corporate credit is growing steadily and the overall risk is manageable. Companies are constantly improving their customer-comparisons services, creating synergies across business sectors.
By the end of June 2021, the balance of corporate finance coupons had increased by $16.3 billion.
In case of default, the disposal of risk-based assets forced the company to strengthen its control, respond positively to pass-through regulatory policies, and upgrade its proactive management capacity from $13.95 billion in 2019 to $131.5 billion in late June 2021, figure 11:1h21 represents more than 70 per cent of the active management.
Futures performance has grown rapidly, and the mix is expected to increase competitiveness on a continuous basis. Futures operations have developed rapidly, investing in research derivatives integrated service providers. Futures operations are carried out by companies through fully-owned firms, including, inter alia, futures brokers, futures investment advice and asset management services. Futures operations have evolved steadily in recent years.
With the central objective of building research derivatives integrated service providers, the ability to innovate has been enhanced through the use of futures brokers in combination with the base trade of risk management subsidiaries, off-the-shelf derivatives and market-based businesses. The global economy benefited from a recovery in the first half of 2021, with more than 70% of commodity futures rising, and commercial futures generated $4.416 billion in operating revenue.
Market competitiveness is expected to increase further as a result of a 96.74% increase in net profits of $102 million, compared to a 191% increase in the same year. In order to implement a mix of government enterprises in Zhejiang Province, deployment, deepening of State-owned enterprise reforms, and sustained high-quality growth in commercial futures, the company launched a mix of futures in September this year.
Research. By the end of June 2021, clients’ interests stood at 16,913 million yuan, an increase of 93.96% over the same period, and the asset management industry's strategic focus on research, with a marked increase in revenue from warehouse commissions. In 2020, the company developed research and research, and subsequently increased the service ranking of large-scale fund-raising clients, while focusing its efforts on expanding banking subsidiaries, insurance institutions, and large-scale companies.
In 2020, the company 1h21 achieved a warehouse commission collection, created three labels: “Deep Farming, Embracing Banks, and Industry Deep” with a strong asset-pricing capability. The publicly listed company resources sector in Zhejiang Province formed a team of capital market service specialists who went to over 500 listed companies in Zhejiang Province to study high-end manufacturing and property connections.
Industry firms such as the Internet, which have recommended high-quality listed companies to global value investors, have been successful in producing business cards in high-end manufacturing, among other things. Through in-depth research industries, strong partnerships have been established with upstream and downstream firms in the industrial chain, with a significant increase in asset-priced capacity, with a consequent increase in the capacity of industry to provide integrated services to the needs of its institutional customers.
II. The strategy focuses on regional advantages, the strategy for wealth management “Black Horses” calls for 2.1 corporate strategies that focus on wealth management, the continuing downswing of commission rates, and the transformation of wealth management into an industry consensus. We used to rely heavily on traditional brokering, 2008
Brokering accounts for 70 per cent of the securities collected annually and remains at 50 per cent until 2015, but the 1.67 per cent of the trading year in which the brokering business is the basis has fallen to 2.71 per cent of the 1h21 level, the income elasticity and contribution of traditional brokering has declined significantly, and the shift in wealth management has become a consensus in the industry.
By 2017, the traditional brokerage business was the first largest revenue collector, and the securities strategy of the dealers focused on wealth management and the channelling of resources as a major customer's asset. The company placed great emphasis on the development of a wealth management transformation, which was defined as the company's first project in 2021, in terms of organizational structure, resource allocation and evaluation mechanisms.
In terms of the organizational structure, the Ministry of Wealth Management, the Department of Research Allocations and the Department of Evaluation: the Ministry of Resources Management, the Department of Professional Services and the Department of Professional Services, which regularly trains and upgrades the capacity of the service; and the mechanism for the evaluation of sales and holdings, which is the kpi target, with most of the foreclosure income being used to stimulate investment.
With capital market development and the growing financial needs of residents, a combination of financial services, such as fund screening, derivative design, credit transactions, etc., can be provided to clients in addition to traditional stock trading.
Since the transformation of corporate wealth management, around 100 high-quality investments have been channelled from private banks, familiar with the fundamentals, structure, risk content of financial products and, through the wealth management elite, multi-phase specialized training on investment, enhancing the professional competence of top performers in high-value customer development, product marketing and asset allocation.
Zhejiang Province and Long Triangle are one of the largest, most dynamic, highly developed, listed companies and high net-value groups in the country, with local bond dealers specializing in the acquisition of wealth management clients.
With natural advantages and a rich and high net customer base, corporate wealth management has grown rapidly, with high levels of financial product retention and sales earnings growing. Corporate wealth management performance was prominent in the first half of 2021, and, by the end of June 2021, bond dealers had a unique advantage in equity wealth management.
Investors, mostly, have accumulated rich middle- and high-risk customer resources for wealth management operations, benefiting from equity-type wealth management, and the detailed report of the Survey of the Status of Individual Investors 2020 shows that 67 per cent of stock-market investors invested in public funds in 2020. Second, the institutional operations of bond dealers are mainly for public funds, private funds, and fund managers.
Increased recognition of investment capacity and management styles, more unique advice on investment proposals for equity funds, and natural advantages in improving the efficiency of client asset allocation.
With the expansion of the stock market, it has become more difficult for individual investors to choose their own shares, and in 2009, for a total of 1,634 listed companies on the market, 75% of the target annual rate of return has won the index.
As of September 23, the total size of public funds stood at 23.39 trillion, an increase of 32 per cent, of which the non-capital size was 14.12 trillion, an increase of 39 per cent.
At the end of May and July of this year, the Funders Association released data on public fund-raising in the first and second quarters, with 47 of the top 100 holders in the first quarter and 51 of the top 100 in the second quarter. On the scale of sales, the non-monetary market fund-raising in the second quarter was $965 billion, or 15%, with banks.
3.77 trillion differences remain, but the size of bank sales is concentrated in the head, with a high of 56 per cent incr4, a relatively low concentration of 35.42 per cent in cr.4. In the process of deepening the wealth management of bond dealers, multiple coupons attach great importance to upgrading their capacities, optimizing their product selection systems, expanding their high-quality clientele, increasing the power of financial product sales, and increasing the value of the securities industry.
The coupon model is expected to rewrite the competitive pattern, and the bond dealer’s public fund-raising campaign is expected to break out. The voucher dealer settlement model, in which the voucher dealer acts as the clearing service, is an in-depth customized model of cooperation between a voucher dealer and a fund company, and is mentioned to a large extent.
Increased security in the settlement of the Fund's assets and, on the other hand, greater willingness on the part of bond dealers to make large holdings, since only large bondholders can obtain larger trading commissions and fundamentally change the status quo of “revalued and low-value holdings and discounted gains from light customers.” In recent years, the bond-sizing model has gradually moved from the newly established fund to the stock fund, which is in the period 2018-2020.
This model was followed by 13 new funds, 43 new funds, 42 new bonds in 2021, which grew rapidly, with 80 new funds in the first nine months of 2021, exceeding the 2020 level, with a total issuance of more than $12 billion. So far, bond dealers have been able to solve the problems of delays in processing feedback, efficiency in the use of cross-market funds, and delayed liquidation at the end of the day.
The advantage of the bonds model will become increasingly apparent, with public funds hosting operations largely focused on banks being rewritten, and the scale of sales by bond dealers with good marketing skills expected to increase in an explosive fashion. The company’s public funds product system is rich enough to meet the needs of multiple clients.
The portfolio of good public fund managers and the growing wealth of public fund-raising products have now established marketing partnerships with nearly 50 public funds, including the Fondaté, the Banda, the Richter and others, covering all types of public fund-raising, such as bonds, blends, stocks, index-types, etf, and qdii, with nearly 1,100 public fund-raising products meeting the wealth management of different risk-oriented investors
Demand management. Corporate non-monetary public fund sales in the first and second quarters of 2021 amounted to $7.2 billion, $12 billion, stock + mixed public fund amounted to $7 billion, $8.7 billion, and the securities industry ranked 25-27th and top middle- and middle-class securities dealers.
2.2.2 The private equity fund, which is a “business card” for the management of the wealth of merchants, has grown rapidly, and the sales of securities have grown in size. Since 2020, the private equity investment fund has grown rapidly. By the end of August 2021, the total size of the private equity fund in the country was close to 552 trillion, an increase of 75 per cent.
Private fund-raising agencies are more cautious in their selection of sales agents, depending on their ability to sell, customer accompanies, etc. In 2020, large-scale bond dealers, such as Chinese, Galaxy, and merchant securities, were able to sell on a record scale.
High-value clients in the province have increased their trust in local investment, and the size of private subscriptions to products has increased. Private fund-raising is neither publicly available nor publicly available, and the importance of services is highlighted. Compared to their counterparts, high-value clients have a natural sense of trust in investing in the province because of local factors, such as language barriers, and can create a good marketing climate for marketing.
In 2021, high-quality private products became a business wealth management business card. Companies build a science private product selection system that matches good rates of return, enhances investor experience, sales and holdings of privately collected products with dedicated services and insight into clients.
The ability of merchants to sell their securities is also widely recognized, they have an advantage in obtaining shares of scarce products, and branding effects are emerging on both investors and asset ends. Because of the three-to-five-year closure of private products, alternative channels are more stable, companies have performed well in the last two years, close cooperation has been established with a number of high-quality private collections, and future private product holdings are on a large scale.
Procuring companies have a high rate of returns, diversified income patterns, and high-quality private fund-raising trends in the industry.
In addition to the 100% excess earnings from closed private sales, 4% (100% excess gains * private fund * carry * sales agency * 20%), the rate of return on private sales is nearly 80 times that of traditional brokers, and 1.8 times that of public fund-raising. In addition, when doing private sales, the dealers will retain their commissions on the scale of their transactions, in particular.
Since 2020, the rise of Quantified Private Fundraising has resulted in a high turnover of transactional fees and fees for the sale of Quantified Private Money Dealers. Thus, from the operational caliber, the income generated by fund sales from wealth management will exceed the income generated by the reporting Fund.
50 billion dollars for sale, 1 per cent for ransom, 500 million for ransom; $70 billion for retention, 0.75 per cent for management, and management, assuming $600 million for foreclosures and management fees for other products such as public funds, funds management schemes, and management of wealth in 2023. Total revenue will reach nearly $2.1 billion and, with the increase in sales and holdings of corporate financial products, wealth management will outpace traditional practices.
2.3 The profit model has been transformed from product sales to asset allocation The product conversion, where we use income from substitute financial products/brokering to represent the rate of productization, the higher the rate of productization, the higher the ratio of clients making asset allocation in the public sector, and the higher the rate of corporate productization in the first half of 2021, from 15.73 per cent in 2020
22.70 per cent, surpassing China’s gold companies, Chinese securities, ranks first in the industry. Productization rates = proceeds from substitute financial products/brokers. Profit patterns have been upgraded from product sales to asset allocation. Financial product holdings increased by 74 per cent in the first half of 2021 on a year-on-year basis.
This is 68 per cent higher than the same rate of sales of financial products, indicating that, under the professional guidance of the client, the concept of asset allocation has been gradually accepted and implemented, replacing frequent transactions with long-term holdings of financial products, and the company is planning to complete an upgrade of the profit model from product sales to asset allocation by 2025.
2.4 Focus on the educational and investor experience, long-term aum is expected to continue to improve, and long-term aum is expected to continue to improve with the intellectual and technological skills of intellectual transformation.
The company provides 7 * 24-hour transaction advice, monthly treasury reports, new funds, private fund calls, etc.
In addition, the network of corporate officials, trading terminals and mobile phone apps have investor education units, long-term, and enable investors to understand, trust and endorse science's asset allocation concepts and help their clients build science' assets.
The long-term aum is expected to continue to improve with the configuration of the cognitive system.
During the year, after more than a year of smooth operation, based on the successful experience of the board, the board of start-ups, pilot registration of the board of start-ups, streamlined optimization, conditions of distribution, increased market inclusiveness, and a marked acceleration in the pace of market distribution. As of 26 September 2021, the number of companies listed in the board of start-up was 341 with a total of 42.3 billion yuan in initial financing, and the total number of companies listed in the board of start-up was 204, with the scale of financing
In total, 151.1 billion yuan has been added to the efficiency of listing, which will encourage more excellent companies to land on a stock market. Foreign listing has been blocked, and the policy of China’s centralization is expected to accelerate their return to a. United States regulation of Chinese companies’ entry to the United States has been tightened since 2018, while China last July proposed banning Internet companies with data security risks from being listed outside China, taking into account the fact that China has been in a position to do so.
On September 17, the CSRC issued a bulletin on expanding the scope of the Red Funders ' listings in the country, and further expanded the scope of the Red Funders ' pilot.
The return of more industry shares to the domestic market has been further expanded, with more high-quality central stock returnsa, better investment markets have been established, and capital markets have been expanded to allow small and medium-sized coupons to bend overcarriage opportunities. The North Exchange was formally established in early September to service new and highly specialized SMEs. In the past, small and medium-sized enterprises had been established owing to the size of the new three-chamber enterprises and the low cost of their financing.
The new three-board business has a relatively low value for headbills, but for small and medium-sized coupons, they can intervene and make a profit. Small and medium-sized coupons start to serve at a time when the business is small and unprofitable, to tap into high-growth, specialized and new firms, and to serve as early as possible in a “capital-intermediate” mode with the expected high-quality base, innovation-listed companies on the market.
Zhejiang Province, where private capital is active, is one of the sites of high-quality small and medium-sized enterprises that provide fertile ground for financing their portfolio. Zhejiang Province first offered to promote business listing and mergers and acquisitions in October 2017.
The Ministry, as a local marketer, promoted the Phoenix initiative, which brought together local governments and nearly 10 of its partners to conclude strategic cooperation agreements with a number of local governments, with a strong project reserve. The company’s shareholdings, bonds, and mergers and acquisitions reorganization operations benefited from the registration system.
At a high rate of growth, in 2020, the investment bank received more than $1 billion, twice the same amount. 3.2 The advantage of the stock-in-stock + bond underwriting was highlighted by the fact that the number of corporate equity underwriting projects and the scale of financing were innovative in the year, bringing the number of ipo projects that companies passed by the end of 2020 to 12.
The role of price-fixing capacity in equity underwriting was highlighted, with companies completing six cards and a roll-out of ipo in 2020, industry ranking first bond underwriting in the country’s first echelons, and the consolidation of the provincial lead position. Benefiting from opportunities for developing a corporate debt register, bond projects, further acceleration of the pace of issuance, corporate bond underwriting, corporate bond underwriting, 144 bond underwriting in 2020, combined underwriting
At $96.2 billion, the size of the debt is in the top ten of the country. The company’s ability to invest in a group of creditors and its client service is strong, it works in partnership with the research portfolio, and the amount of corporate debt, corporate debt, and the single amount of debt paid in the provinces remains the highest in the provinces.
In the area of financing, the Specialized Bond Commodity Card, in collaboration with the controlling shareholder, promotes the capital reits pilot, increases the process of establishing the ppp subsidiary, continuously refines and develops the capacity of the “big traffic” character investment, and develops a pro-enable, replicable, professional and mature model of capital services.
Focusing on market development, caring for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and the new three-board business space. For a long time, companies have focused on market development, and caring for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) have developed. Since 2014, companies have provided a total of 155 new three-board companies with recommended listing services, including 133 on the base, 22 on the top, and 26 on the list.
In 2021, Zhejiang Province launched a new five-year plan for Operation Phoenix, whose main objective is to create a five-year new territory.
By the end of 2025, more than 350 companies will have been listed abroad and abroad, with more than 1,000 new capital markets financed by more than 800 billion, and by the end of 2025, Zhejiang Province will have accumulated over 2.5 trillion capital market financing.
Four, profit projections, valuations and investment ratings, we divide corporate business into commission fees for brokerage, wealth management, investment and management according to the income structure of the securities.
Revenues, interest income, investment earnings are projected in six major segments of income and profits. 97 transactions are processed daily at an average value of 100 billion dollars, and the average daily value of transactions at the same level as in 2015. 2. Wealth management operations: since 2018, corporate strategies have focused on the transformation of wealth management and the establishment of good public and private fund-raising.
The partnership, the scale of the marketed financial products, the scale of the financial holdings, and the company's high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality business: the company's investment portfolio has progressed faster in the context of a registration system in Zhejiang province, and the company's ability to carry out its sales has entered the country's first echelons, and future companies are expected to take full advantage of their research and pricing capabilities, marketing capabilities, etc.
There has been a rapid increase in the size of the underwriting; corporate bonds have gone into the top 10 of the country, with clear provincial advantages, and a significant increase in revenue is expected. 4. Investment management: under the new regulations, the size of the sector’s financial structure continues to change, corporate initiative continues to grow, and business is expected to grow.
There will be a small recovery in the size of fiduciary assets and revenues. Corporate equity pledges and revenues will remain stable.
We've chosen China Gold, East Securities, Light Large Securities as a comparable voucher for the valuation of the light asset component, China Gold, East, securities with a relatively advanced position in wealth management, higher receipts, and in recent years have been pushing for a change in wealth management, and the market value is closer to that of Sino-Chinese securities, with three companies with an average of 20.21e pe at 22.06 for petty assets.
20-fold valuation; three companies, 2021e averaged 2.07 pb, valued 1.7 times the equity component of the portfolio, using Chinese-Thai securities, treasury securities, United States securities, which are close to the market time, as comparable securities for the valuation of heavy asset pb.
We use the sotp valuation method to value companies, with a "buy-in" rating for brokerage, wealth management, and commission income. On 11th, the company's total market value was $48.4 billion.
(b) The large volatility of capital markets, which has caused disruptions and shocks in corporate brokerage, self-investment, etc.;
4. The company ' s market-based reforms have been less advanced than expected, with a master ' s degree in international finance at the University of Duren, United Kingdom. He has served as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry and General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department. He was a member of the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 and was responsible for non-monetary financial research.
Judinin, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector
Win Shrebang, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Gangan, formerly worked at the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Corporation in May 2021 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Sun Siu, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, University of Hong Kong, Master of Economics, April 2021, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre for small and medium-sized businesses.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.