The first eight-inch ccp etching device was successfully shipped and officially released with a high performance mini-led mass production mocvd device.
The corrosion device prmoad-rie200TM successfully transports the client's production line. On June 17, the company launched a product of prismmounimaxTM 8 inch ccp etching, mini-led mass production mocvd, designed for high performance mini-led volume production via the official Micro-Credit Public.
The mocvd device, which helps the led chip manufacturer improve their production capacity while effectively reducing production costs. 8 inchccp etching provides a higher value-for-money solution and further consolidates the company's time.
Erosion status. The 12-inch ccp etching process and properties of the company, the 8-inch primo ad-rie200TM further upgrades innovative technology and production efficiency, with flexibility in the configuration of up to three reaction cavities (i.e., six reaction stations) from the two counters and the provision of optional upgrades to the 12-inch corrosion device system
The company’s corrosive equipment product is gradually differentiated to meet the flexible needs of different clients, and the corrosion status is expected to continue to rise. The high-performance mini-led mass-production mocvd equipment has been ordered by the country’s leading customers and actively crowding in.
A new wave of mini-led. A combination of prismounimaxTMmocvd devices designed for high yields. A number of innovations, such as multi-area temperature compensation heating systems, can meet the key factors of the high wavelength homogeneity, duplication, and output stability required for Mini-led production.
Innovative mocvd devices. The same system can be equipped with up to four reaction cavities, which can extend their processing capacity to 164 4 inches or 72 6 inches of crystals, through optimal lorries, and can reduce production costs through ultra-diameter graphite trays. Mini-led is very high.
Brightness, accurate dynamic response, high contrasts, etc., can be applied to many display terminals, with future growth space available and market interest. Overlaying the Prismo series has entered most of the world's leading manufacturers of pre-nitrogened thorium-based green light, and the introduction of innovative products will be a powerful driver for companies.
According to the company’s official Twitter public, the product has been ordered by the country’s leading customers, and is working with more clients on positive innovation and commercialization of research and development results. The company launched two innovative products in June.
The company’s research and development results, which are based on the market price of 21 May 2021, are gradually gaining market recognition and entering the initial harvest period.
The company’s growth attributes will be enriched and stronger.
China Insignia: Promoting Icp Erosion Growth, Formation, Change Risk, Geopolitical Uncertainty Risk, etc.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.