The corrosion continues to grow at a high rate, and the mocvd is warming up with the 2021/4/27 quarterly report published in 2021. 21q1 achieved an operating income of $600 million, an increase of 46 per cent, and a net return to the mother of 140 million yuan, an increase of 425 per cent.
\triangleright 21q1: RMB 600 million, or 46 per cent, of the high-speed growth of mocvd and etching equipment, of which 350/130 million were carving equipment/mocvd, respectively
The corrosion is influenced by the "big customer advanced product extension delay + storage failure" , mocvd is warming back up, the unit compared to the depth of 300, and the household advanced product extension delay + storage has not started on a large scale. Taiwan's clients contributed to the collection in 2018.
11%, 18% in 2020. Currently, ccp etching equipment has obtained 5nm and below production orders in the logical chip area, storage chip duplication orders are steadily increasing; icp etching equipment new product, Primonanova, has been validated and the two-back counters have been certified on the client.
Attention is being given to the expansion of semiconductors in downstream emerging markets, with a billion-dollar increase in semiconductor compounds, laying long-line layouts, and companies pursuing a three-dimensional development strategy, i.e. semiconductor critical equipment, general semiconductor critical equipment, and other emerging areas.
It is proposed to raise up to $10 billion to lay the foundation for future long-term development: 1) Microport headquarters and research and development base: $3.7 billion to study the next generation of semiconductor equipment for a five-year construction period; 2) industrial base: including Shanghai port (location of new products), Nanchang base (location of mature products) for a total of 3.2 billion.
After construction of ion corrosion equipment, mocvd equipment, thermal chemical cvd equipment, environmental protection equipment production capacity 630, 120, 220, 180 cavities/years, construction period 5 years. 3) Science and technology reserve funds: 3.1 billion for cooperative development, outward investment, mergers, etc.
Solar equipment, large-area displays, microprocessors, and so on. With a vast alternative space, with companies at the forefront of semiconductor equipment, we believe that the company underestimated the “recommended” first-time coverage for increased friction in Central America and the United States, with large customers delivering less than expected.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.