The company announced the launch of the Prismounimaxmocvd designed for high-performance miniled mass production.
Equipment, which can be equipped with up to four response cavities in the same system, can significantly increase production capacity and reduce costs, and has received orders from domestic customers. Miniled industry applications are fast landing, and companies, as the leading global mocvd equipment manufacturer, will help to further consolidate their market position.
At the same time, the semiconductor chip deficit continues to burn the electronics chain, crystal factory orders are highly saturated, Chinese chip production increased by 48% a year in the previous May, and is expected to continue into 2022, with the resulting active expansion of crystal mills, which are expected to lead to capital spending on crystal mills.
There will be a growing demand for national production of equipment, especially in view of the US-China relationship or long-term tensions. In the long run, companies, as domestic semiconductor equipment pioneers, will take the lead in high-end etching equipment storage, with irp corrosion equipment in the country following up with primonanova and the dual-reaction station Primotwin-star.
According to the valuation, the company’s 2022 ps is expected to be about 21 times higher, and the company, as a leading carving plant in the country, will enjoy a premium and move up to the purchase rating. High-performance miniled equipment output, semiconductor industry booming: the company announced a special launch.
High-performance minibiled mass-generated Prismounimaxmocvd equipment, which can be equipped with up to four response cavities in the same system, can significantly improve production capacity and reduce costs, and has received orders from domestic customers. Miniled industry applications are accelerating down, and companies are acting as global players.
The leading mocvd equipment manufacturer, the new equipment, will help it further consolidate its market position and will fully benefit from the industrial development dividend. In addition, the semiconductor industry has seen an upturn, with Chinese chip production increasing by 48% annually in the previous May, and is expected to continue in 2022, so the mills are also active.
The expansion of production is expected to lead to an increase in capital spending for China’s Crystal Circle plant, of which China’s interstate plan is to expand the capacity of 12 inches per month to 10,000 and 8 inches to 45,000, and China’s plan is to expand the capacity of 12 inches to more than 60,000 and the Yangtze storage capacity to 100,000.
The demand for domestic production of equipment will be stronger as a result of US relations or long-term tensions. A rapid increase at the end of 1021 battalions: 1021 companies generated 600 million yuan, or 46 per cent more, of which corrosion, mocvd generated 3.5 billion yuan and 1.3 billion dollars, respectively, while yoy added 64 per cent and 77 per cent;
From the Māori rate, the company’s combined Māori ratio of 1q21 was 41%, an increase of 7.1% over the same period the previous year. Overall, the size of the company’s revenue collection is relatively small, and subsidies, among other things, have a fairly clear impact on performance.
But we judge that, thanks to the boom in industry, global semiconductor investment will increase at a faster rate, with the rapid increase in domestic semiconductor equipment demand, and that the elasticity of corporate performance growth will become clearer: overall, we expect the company to collect $3 billion in 2021 and 2022, respectively.
And $4.1 billion, with yoy growing by 32 per cent and 35 per cent, net profits by $400 million and $500 million, and yoy falling, respectively, the new coronary disease has dragged up the demand for semiconductor equipment.
I'm sorry, chinaresearchdept.