On 9 June 2021, the company issued its latest announcement stating that the United States Department of Defense would remove advanced micro-fabricativequipmentinc.(amec) from the list of Chinese military-related enterprises.
Besides, Americans will no longer be restricted to the marketable securities issued to mec and their related derivatives in the 100th response cavity of the primonanovač. In addition, on that day, the company’s official letter to the public called icp etching device primonanova
The U.S. Department of Defense has removed emec from the list of Chinese military-related businesses.
Sub-certification of the legal compliance of the company’s operations and strict compliance with laws and regulations pertaining to the various places of operation, including export controls. We believe that the external operating environment of the company has improved, and that the company’s development is expected to be more internationally competitive and potential.
The annual delivery of icp etching sheets is increasing significantly. According to the performance statement of China and Micro 2020, the number of online icp running cavities in order of number 2, 8, 21, 27, 55 in late 2016-2020, converted to 2, 6, 13, 6 and 28 per year; only one response as of June 2021
Since the beginning of the year, the number of new cavities has increased by at least 61% over the total of 28 new cavities in 2020. The sales of icp etching products will increase significantly again in the industry.
Sprimonova has successfully entered the crystalline production lines of more than a dozen customers, both inside and outside the country, to produce large quantities on the production lines of leading logical chips, drams, and 3dnand manufacturers. According to the corporate performance statement, irp etched the market at $7.6 billion, while ccp carved the market at the same time.
With only $4.8 billion in size, the smooth delivery of the 100th cavity primonova corrosion device is a new milestone in the development of corporate icp etchings, marking the growth of etchings, and the increasingly morphing of product platforms around the corrosion-related links.
On the basis of this niche, emphasis is placed on the extension of integrated circuit processes such as film deposition, measuring equipment, etc. In the area of film deposition, the company’s share of Shen Yangtze received duplicate pecvd orders on the mainstream 12-inch line of storage in the Yangtze and the China Rainbow without tin project; the company has organized the development of epi equipment.
Based on the market receipt on 9 June 2021, the team focused mainly on the faundry/logicdevice, mainly on the si, si/ge pi process; an lpcvd development team was formed, focusing on memorydevice, mainly on w, wn, tin
China Insignia: Promoting Icp Erosion Growth, Forming China Insignia: Significant Increase in Māori Rates, Erosion-led Equipment High Industry Pane contributed to the lengthening of the procurement cycle for parts and components of equipment; Fair Value of Equity Tool Investment
Growth: 20210429 Change risk; geopolitical uncertainties risk, etc. Central Insignia: Erosion equipment becomes the main force of growth, irp carved
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.