The electronic component iii etching equipment is growing rapidly, looking for long-term development prospects, achieving a net return profit of $492 million, an increase of 16.102 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $23 million in the non-retroactivity of the same year.
Quick growth in corrosion equipment by 2020, with market effects evident on mocvd. (1) Benefiting from market developments in semiconductor equipment and competitive advantages in corporate products, company income from corrosion equipment increased by about 58.49%: (2) Reversed by factors such as lower prices of end chips and continued release of production capacity, the market for led equipment in 2020 was on a downward trend, and the market for ecstasy was on a downward trend.
Market-impacting companies, mocvd, lost approximately 34.47 per cent of their equipment revenues; (3) the company incurred $124 million in 2020 as a result of the implementation of equity incentives; (4) the indirect holding of middle-core internationals generated a fair value change gain of approximately $262 million; and (5) government subsidies, which account for non-recurrent gains and losses, increased by approximately $226 million over 2019.
The company’s performance is expected to accelerate, driven by a number of factors. (1) The global market for corrosion equipment is dominated by monopolistic patterns, with pan-forest semiconductors, Tokyo electronics, and applications taking up a major market share. Companies are leading domestic etching equipment, and plasma etching equipment has been applied to internationally advanced production lines of 14, 7, 5 nanometers, and are in the process of verifying 5 nanometers.
The following equipment, in the context of industrial transfers and technological advances, is expected to accelerate the performance of companies with corrosion equipment: (2) The mocvd market is expected to continue to grow, driven by emerging areas such as deep UV-led, miniled, microled, powerware.
Millions of yuan, or 28.14 per cent of revenue, and a sustained high level of research and development has contributed to the overall upgrading of the company’s product lines. (1) In corrosion equipment: Logical integrated circuit etching equipment below 5 nanometres has been ordered by industry’s leading customers.
(b) With respect to mocvd equipment: uvled mocvd equipment already in the guest micro company: semiconductor equipment lead, autonomously controlled
The company continues to develop new generation of corrosion and mocvd technologies that help it compete and open up high-end markets.
The corporate development strategy is clear. On the one hand, the company pursues a three-dimensional development strategy to apply and explore opportunities for other emerging areas in the field of essential equipment for deep-farm integrated circuits, and on the other hand, the Department of Public Affairs actively explores layouts, including robustness, while taking into account the development of outreach, while focusing on integrated circuit equipment for the core business of the company.
New performance growth points, including in the area of rehabilitation, companies with micro-inventives in subsidiaries, micro-sink chains and companies involved in investment targets have made fruitful progress in their respective areas of disaggregation, as well as cooperation between companies and advanced equipment companies at home and abroad.