The net profit of the shareholders of listed companies is $492 million, an increase of 161.02% over the same period. The Māori rate is optimized from the previous year’s income structure and performance is growing rapidly. In 2020, the company achieved business income of $2,273 million.
▪ The income structure was optimized and the overall Māori rate increased by 16.76 per cent over the same period, benefiting from downstream demand growth, competitive advantages in products, etching equipment income of 1,289 million yuan, or 58.49 per cent over the same period, and mocvd equipment income of 496 million yuan.
The company ' s icp etching equipment has been gradually matured, and the newly introduced product, Primonanova, has been validated on the production lines of 10 customers, and more than 50 processes have met the target requirements on the customer ' s production lines and continue to expand the scope of the large-scale application. Starting in 2020, the product has gradually acquired duplicate orders from its customers.
At the same time as the market share of the primonova etching equipment is continuously being raised, the company has developed a dual-reaction tableicp etching device characterized by high output rates, which is also certified on the client.
The company added two new projects, “icp etching machines for the manufacture of 5-3 nanometer logical chips” and “mocvd equipment for the production of silicon-based ggan power devices”, in the context of the ic R & D project. The original R & D project, “Step and two graphic exposure etching equipment development and industrialization”, moved from the research phase to the development stage.
Projects such as the MHQ and the R & D Centre, the Science and Technology Reserve, etc., to improve production capacity, enrich public product lines, and close the gap between research and development inputs from international leaders, such as lamresearch, and applied.
In conjunction with the growth in business structure and the demand for corrosion equipment, the increase in equity incentives, the trade-based finance Shanghai Entrepreneurship Investment Ltd., considering the downstream landscape and the rising market share of the company's various types of corrosion equipment, and the trend of icp corrosion equipment.
The high industry climate has led to an oversupply of equipment parts and components; the industrialization of icp has progressed less than expected and the rate of erosion has increased less than anticipated.
China Insignia: Mocvd drags corporate income, looking at long-term development prospects. 20210129 S.S.I.S.A.
Erosion can be divided into wet etchings and dry etchings, which are less favourable for the opposites, and the side walls are prone to horizontal etchings causing erosion deviations.
Usually used for process-sized applications, or for dry etching to wash residues, etc. Dry etching is the prevailing etching technique, dominated by plasma dry etching. Plasma etching equipment is a large vacuum, fully automated processing device, usually transmitted by multiple vacuum plasma reaction cavities and mainframes.
The classification of plasma etching equipment is closely related to the etching process and is based on the chemically active particles using plasma discharges, chemically reacting to surface materials under ion bombardment, generating volatilized gases, and thus producing microstructures on surface materials.
Depending on the method used to produce plasma, dry etching is divided mainly into capacitated plasma etchings and electrosensive plasma etchings; root, depending on the type of etching material, dry etchings consist mainly of corrosion of medium materials, silicon materials, and metal materials. Capacitative plasma etchings consist mainly of corrosion of microstructures such as deep holes, troughs and so on with high energy ion in a hard medium material; and electrosensive plasma.
Cycene etching is mainly based on softer or thinner materials with lower ion energy and very homogeneous ion concentrations. Both types of etching devices cover the main etching applications.
The introduction of new manufacturing processes such as capacitive plasma etching cavity, electro-sensive plasma etching cavity, reduction in the width of the chip line and multiple template processes requires greater accuracy and repetition of the etching technology.
Erosion techniques require higher requirements for etching rates, heterogeneity, etching deviations, selection ratios, bathency ratios, homogeneity, residues, plasma-induced sensitive device damage, particulate contamination etc., and subsequent advances in corrosion equipment, such as: corrosion equipment The electrostatic insorption disks are expanded from the original 4 to more than 20 subsectors to achieve higher requirements of homogeneity; better cavity temperature control
Increased production duplication. 2, company etching technology, in the logical integrated circuit manufacturing chain, the 12-inch high-end etching equipment developed by the company has been used from 65 nanometers to 5 nanometers for internationally recognized customers.
At the same time, based on the needs of advanced integrated circuit manufacturers, the company has developed less than 5 nanometer etching equipment for processing key steps and has obtained bulk orders from industry’s leading customers. The company is currently developing a new generation of etching equipment and etching processes, including more advanced Damascus, that can cover more etching needs below 5 nanometers and more.
Equipment for different critical applications. At the 3dnand chip manufacturing phase, the company's capacitative plasma etching equipment has been applied to the volume of 64th and 128th layers, while the Division is developing a new generation of critical etching applications that can cover 128th and above, and the corresponding depths, according to the needs of the storage manufacturer.
In addition, the company's electrosensive plasma etching equipment (icp) has been produced on the production lines of multiple logical chips and storage chip manufacturers and, based on the technology development needs of clients, is developing technology for the next generation of products to meet the logical chips below 5 nanometers and 1 x nanometers.
icp etching requirements for products such as dram chips and 3dnand chips above 128 floors, and high-yielding icp etching equipment (1) ccp etching equipment 2020, company ccp etching equipment products maintained a competitive advantage, prmoad-rie, primosscadrieTM, prmohd-rieTM
In addition, in the case of advanced logical circuits, the company continuously upgrades its hardware performance and succeeds in obtaining duplicate orders for 5 nanometres and below. In the case of storage circuits, the company's corrosion equipment is on the 64th floor and 128th floor 3dnand.
At the same time, companies actively deploy dynamic storage applications and start process development and certification. Companies work actively with mainstream clients to define the main functional and technical indicators of the next generation of ccp etching machines and are developing more advanced ccp etching products.
(2)icp etching equipment The company ' s icp etching equipment has gradually matured, the newly introduced product Primonova has been certified on the production line of 10 customers, more than 50 processes have met the target on the production line of the client, and the application certification scope has been continuously expanded.
In particular, in the second half of 2020, sales of the product were driven by the expansion of domestic storage customers. While the market share of the primonova corrosion equipment continued to increase, companies developed a two-reaction station that was characterized by a high output rate.
The appliance of the product is a leading, unique dual-reaction platform design that follows most of the hardware features of Primonanovačicp, enabling the platform to increase the capacity of the client unit to invest in icp etching devices and enhance the overall competitiveness of the icp etching products while having good etching properties.
Companies are constantly pursuing outreach development strategies, the company’s chain of mid-sized microscopic sinks, and micro-inventors have made good progress in new areas of business expansion, which have been highly valued by the market and users. Companies are also actively exploring investment opportunities in related areas, and have completed their investment in such companies as Core Cycling, Boj Technologies, Tandong, Idea Millic, China’s Hing Jing Round, Angang Vision, Dragon Laser, Wise Instruments, etc.
Projects such as Shen Yangtze, where the division's share participation is invested, have performed well and synergies have gradually emerged.
Design and development of ccp radio frequency plasma systems and corresponding static electrostatic power at ULF and UHF
Sorrows, multi-area temperature-controlled upper electrodes, temperature-modifiable peripheral loops, etc., meet the need for hyper-deep-wide etching.
This project is aimed at 300mm3dnand multi-story steps and graphic exposures.
Flush and finfet below 14 nanometers 2 or more times for large production lines of the process, respectively
Polygonal exposure etching for multiple steps etch and two or more graphic exposures
Development of mocvd equipment to meet Mini
For Mini-miniled backlight led mass
♪ led production for outer equipment display screens, television production high losses ♪
Mocvd sets up advanced logic power to adjust the plasma density distribution.
ccp carves of roads to meet homogeneity, reduce metal pollution, circuit etching
The project targets 7-5 nanonodes.
Advanced logic and corrosion program dram chip production
In the production of logical chips in the finfet structure, the electrosensive collation of the icp etching process is required at 14 nanomicp etching the base.
On top of it, it will be designed for cavity structure, silicon around and around the edges of temperature control, radio frequency and matching systems, spare parts and new materials.
Technical upgrading, development of 7-5 nanomicp etching prototypes and construction of engineering machines, etc.
This project is for 14-7 nanonode logic, logical chips and storage.
The memes etching, the chip-making process that emerges, the size of the chip storage.
New requirements for developing a brand-new electric sense of graphic etching (dpt and dpt)
Co-coupled icp plasma medium etching qpt, side wall, in structural design, new materials, heat
Technical upgrading, development of research and development products, logical chip manufacturing, etc.
We've developed a 5 nanometer corrosion device and made a logical chip, completed at the advanced logical chip production plant.
The icp carvings are evaluated and sold.
Development of mocvd equipment to meet the requirements for micro-
microled production of led applications for extension equipment ar/vr, television
Waiting for screen mocvd to develop a silicone nitride powerer for 8.
Mocvd equipment and extended growth process for large-scale production of gan power units
mocvd set