The company's year 2020 report, with 2,273 million yuan, an increase of 16.8 per cent over the year, a net profit for the mother, and a high-end semiconductor microprocessor.
Net profit growth comes from $262 million in fair value changes and companies, leading our integrated circuit equipment industry.
Industry. Products involve plasma etching machines in the area of ic manufacturing, mocvd equipment in the area of led manufacturing, and shares generated by the relevant zeros pay $124 million, which was not available during the same period last year.
According to the previous performance report, the company earned $1,289 million in corrosion equipment throughout the year, an increase of 58.5 per cent over the same year, a decrease of $496 million in movcd equipment, a decrease of 34.5 per cent over the same year, and an increase in the recovery of corrosion equipment.
Rium, but the company’s long-term value growth logic of replacing the domestic production of corrosion equipment with the company’s core value. The plasma etching machine is the company’s most central business, with capacitive coupling of plasma (ccp) engraved 2021-07-2260 million shares of initial strategic distribution shares
Erosion is the technology that the company has pioneered, and the product has entered multiple logical production lines in the 65-5nm process, and is used extensively on the 64th and 128th floors of the 3dnand production lines. The electrosensive coupling of plasma (icp) etching is the technology that the company has been engaged in in recent years, the same as the ccp etching for different processes and media.
It is widely used at the Crystal Circle Factory. According to the annual report, the company’s 5nmicp etching machine has been achieved 52 weeks of stock price range sales in advanced logic customers, and the 3nmicp etching machine has completed the initial opening of the alpha prototype.
The company’s technological capabilities have reached the world’s advanced level. The first batch will raise up to $10 billion in funds to be used for two base-building projects and reserve funds.
There is a clear gap between the products of the three Tokyo e-commerce companies, the volume and capacity of MSMEs, and the three public administrations. As technology catch-up takes place, productive space and R & D reserves may become bottlenecks for companies, and therefore, investment in targeted incremental projects may affect companies in the short term.
Total asset returns, but also opening up the space for long-term corporate development. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2021-2023, respectively, waty@dxzq.net.cn
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Chinese company, 688012: The development of advanced equipment has been successful, the company has developed a wide range of possibilities, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Company reports that China's company (688012) has successfully developed advanced equipment, and the company has wide scope for development.
Chen Woo-chul Research Assistant Profile Master of Finance, Shandong University, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, graduated with a Bachelor of Engineering, and worked as a nuclear power engineer at the Middle and Guang Nuclear Group.
In 2019, he joined East Hing Securities for research in the electronics industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.