q3 performance meets expectations, slurry + slurry step by step, 3-quarterly report 2024, Shanghai Pickles (stock code: 002252)
Events: 2024q1-q3 company realized operating income of $6.314 billion, an increase of 6 per cent in the same year, net profit for mothers of $1,838 million, an increase of 3 per cent in the same year, net interest rate for mothers of 29 per cent, net profit for non-mothers of $1,739 million, net profit of $597 million, an increase of 9 per cent in the same year, ring of 23 per cent, net interest rate for mothers of 29 per cent, non-return
The Māori rate remained stable and the R&D cost rate slightly increased. The 24q1-q3 crop sustained growth, mainly in protein, factor business sales, which grew better; the Māori rate, 41 per cent, decreased by 1 pct from the same year, mainly in products.
□: effect of changes in sales structure of Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn; net interest rate for parentage of 29 per cent, a decrease of 1 pct over the same year; administrative cost rate of 5 per cent, same as Song Liao
Inward; net return on investment of $440 million, a 47 per cent increase over the same period, mainly in the disposal of transactional financial assets; out-of-service expenditure of $98 million, an increase of $89 million over the same period. For the first quarter, the Māori rate of 24q3 fell by 40 per cent, 2 pct, 4 per cent R & D cost, an increase of 2 pc, net return on investment of $101 million, an increase over the same period.
3 per cent longer, out-of-service expenditures amounting to $19 million, an increase of $13 million for the same year, a net interest rate of 29 per cent for the mother, a decrease of $7,343 per cent for the same year, an increase of $560 million for the ring, mainly due to advance payments by companies for imported proteins, a corresponding cash discount and exchange rate compensation to manage foreign exchange risks.
Increased research and development innovation, layout deplacing strategy. Injection fluids in product order to counter sr 604 are highly humanized, progeny-combined vibration proteins c, special properties inhibit human vibration protein c anticoagnosis.
Institutional, to be used for the preventive treatment of haemophilia and congenital coagulation factor vii haemorrhage, for the treatment of bioprophylaxis group 1. The current routine preventive treatment for haemophilia in the country and abroad is 2 to 3 intravenous injections of blood or recombination of the condensation factor.
Some of the pre-clinical research results have been published in the cover of the International Journal of Haemology Research, Blood. To date, no products have been marketed with the drug at the same target.
20% of shares in transactions at a cash exchange price of $12.5 billion and €16 billion, corresponding to a market value of $62.5 billion. We anticipate (002.52.sz): sustained performance, high slurry innovation, 2.
Risks of profit; risk of less than expected recovery of downstream demand; risk of less than expected marketing of products; progress in research and development (002252.sz): growth in revenue is more than expected, profits are one-time paid, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with a diligent and professional attitude, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Song Liqiang, a Master of Public Health from the University of Gangan, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the areas of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicine industries. This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.