Corporate review: Aerial engine flagships, steadily increasing performance, 23 October 2023
The annual rate (11.90% compared to -46 million during the same period); the change in financial costs is related to the increase in the size of the interest-bearing liability and the increase in interest costs.
Add, second, a decrease in interest income on current deposits and, third, a decrease in exchange gains. Gains on fair value changes (-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As the demand of clients increases, product delivery increases, and the single-quarter yield ring ratio increases significantly.
This is the result of higher interest rates on the one hand, higher interest rates on the other and lower interest income on current deposits and lower exchange rate earnings on the other.
At the end of June 2023, the shipping power inventory stood at $34,059 million, an increase of 32.35 per cent from the beginning of the period.
The dollar will be recognized in the second half of the year, while the rest will be recognized in subsequent years. Inventory and hand orders are more adequate, providing a better basis for income growth in the second half of the year.
The company’s main business consists of three categories: air engine manufacturing and derivatives, foreign trade subcontracting, non-aerial products, and trade, and the company’s business structure has remained largely stable in the first half of the year as compared to the share of business. With the recovery of the global aviation industry, there will be an accelerated recovery in the company’s export of foreign trade-subcontracting products.
Trends in non-aerial products and trade operations (J$356 million, 7.67 per cent) and the major operating income of the same small company was contributed by the three main mainframes, the Western Airways Corporation (the parent company) and the Leyang Company, and the South Company, with the following main operations of the four main mainframe plants, 2023h1, as follows:
At the end of the reporting period, the parent company had entered into a contract, had not yet performed or had recognized its income for the second half of the year, and the rest would be recognized in subsequent years.
The dawn company, which is mainly engaged in aviation engines, gas turbines, etc., and whose main production is medium- and large-scale thrust flights, has extensively equipped the country with a large number of high-performance military aircraft. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income (11,198 million yuan, +17.16 per cent) and, as the military build-up accelerated, the company ' s operating income increased steadily.
Total profits were realized (356 million yuan, +49.58 per cent) and profits increased significantly. In terms of income structure, revenues from aviation engine and derivative operations were realized (108.16 billion yuan, +16.43 per cent), foreign trade exports (170 million yuan, +98.93 per cent) and non-aerial products and other operations were realized
The main products of the South are turbo-axis and pistons, etc., which are widely applied to the various types of helicopters, and the revenue earned by the South during the reporting period (2.540 billion yuan, 14.94 per cent) and the total profit (153 million yuan, 3.77 per cent).
Leyang’s main product is three generations of medium-powered aviation engines, and Leyang’s operating income (1.340 billion yuan, +2.6 per cent) and total profits (100 million yuan, –94.87 per cent) were realized during the reporting period.
The South has experienced a slight decline in business earnings from the same year, and Leyang's Division has maintained a steady level of business earnings, with total profits falling sharply from the same year, and short-term performance is under pressure. There has been a marked increase in investment from the South on the R&D inputs side.
On July 8, 2023, the company announced that it was planning to conduct a full-time review of the company's fleet.
S.A.L. Leite Aerial Manufacturing Technology Ltd. (hereinafter L.A.L.) implemented a capital build-up to introduce cash investments of up to $400 million in open transactions through title trading agencies, and the company intends to transfer its internal civil aviation engine manufacturing operations to L.L. and bring them outside.
The capital has been replenished by 400 million yuan to build a dedicated civil aviation engine production line and to create a well-structured bulk production capacity to meet the long-term development needs of a national civil aviation engine.
On 19 August 2023, the company issued an announcement that it had received the completion of a project on capacity-building for the repair of the air engine of China Aeronautical Dynamics Co. Ltd.
The filing notice marked the completion of the company's Aviation Engine Repair Capacity Building Project, which achieved its construction objectives.
To upgrade existing surface treatment production lines, upgrade the company's surface treatment production and emission levels, adjust existing production layouts by integrating the company's existing aviation engine repair capabilities, replenish some of the critical equipment, build new total repair plant buildings, test vehicle plants and form relatively independent, complete vortexes
The engine majors, while setting aside new vortex engine maintenance capabilities, have contributed well to the development of the country's aviation engine industry. The company, driven by the “two tracks” of the civil-military aviation market, is expected to pick up gold.
Aerial engine technology is a manifestation of the status of the major powers and the combined power of the nation, a strategic high point in modern aviation technology, an essential element of modern defence, and an important support for economic and social development International air engine development in ge, rr, p&w, safran, etc.
Europe and America’s advanced aviation engine companies represent a clear intergenerational leader for firms in other countries. Domestic air engine science, technology, and innovation systems are not mature enough, and innovation capacity needs to be further strengthened.
With the economic recovery and the growing demand for defence, the ongoing restoration of the air industry and the development of national aviation policies, companies, as leaders of the domestic aviation engine industry, will have good historical development opportunities. On the military market, the company’s engine products are widely equipped with a large amount of money in the country.
High-performance fighter jets, full demand for air engine support for accelerated military release during the 14th Five-Five, up in the civil market, with the global aviation recovery cycle and the completion of the commercial lead of the C919 aircraft, the company's foreign-trade turnkey production and the production of large-scale aircraft engine support products will be on the rise.
As the only enterprise in the country capable of developing a full-scale military system, such as vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piston and piston, the company is the only platform under China's flag for the overall listing of aerodynamic power, which will benefit from the development cycle of the civil-military aviation market.
The best of the last five years, with a significant increase in the q2 quarter, further lowering of the cost rate during the period, and a gradual reflection of the corporate-scale effect. 2 companies have further focused on the main business, with air engine manufacturing and derivatives operating on a sustained scale.
Continuing expansion, the performance of the parent company, the Western Airlines, and the subsidiary, has grown significantly at dawn, and future performance is expected to increase the capital of the three companies, Leyte, to build a dedicated line for the production of civil aviation engines, to form a system of mass production capacity to meet the long-term development needs of national-produced civil aviation engines,
At the same time, the project for fund-raising, the Capacity-Building Project for the Repair of Aviation Engines, has been successfully completed, and the company will effectively upgrade the means and capabilities for the repair of aviation engines.4 The company, as a leading company for aviation engines, is also the only one in the country capable of developing turbojets,
The vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piston, etc., which is a fully spectra of military aviation engines, will benefit from a golden cycle of development in the domestic aviation engine industry, which is expected to benefit in the long term, driven by the “double track” required by the military and civil aviation markets.
China Air Stock Corps: Over 20 members of the largest military-industrial research team in the capital market, relying on the strong military-industrial shareholders of the aviation industry group, conduct military-industrial research, service the military-industrial industry, strive for foresight, depth, systems, comprehensive coverage of all areas of the military-industrial industry, service the capital market at the level of the first tier, and interact well with the regulatory, industrial, capital and so on, will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.