Emerging Market Phone King, Pluralism/Globalization/High-end Opening Space Audio Holdings (688036.sh) 18 November 2025
• Emerging markets' smart terminal leading brands, first covered, “buy-in” ratings, audio holdings were established in 2006 and listed in 2019. The company built on its three major mobile phone brands: tecno, itel, and infinix, building on its user base and brand advantage, and continued to develop aiot, home power, storage power, and electricity.
In areas such as moving cars, mobile interconnections are deployed with os systems, software platforms, and stand-alone apps. Companies focus on new and emerging markets, using the African market as their basic platform, and gradually expand brand and channel advantages to markets in South/South-East Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, Eastern Europe, etc.
More markets and higher penetration of smart machines in the African region are expected to lead to a long-term increase in the company’s ability to operate mobile phones on a multi-product basis: deep-farming Africa’s basics, high-end and artificialization, opening a new cycle of global growth, and the company’s leading role in Africa’s mobile phone market. In the face of competition from other firms, companies are expected to use smart machines and power.
A solid foundation for both markets, mature channels and marketing systems, and home-grown product technologies, create competitive barriers and consolidate advantages through product upscaling. The future of Africa’s economies to be good, the rejuvenation of its population structure, and the spread of mobile networks will drive the switch from a functional to a smart machine, creating a significant gap in productivity for companies.
In other emerging markets, such as South-East Asia and South Asia, companies have succeeded in winning the share of major countries through multi-brand and precision price belt strategies. In the future, companies are expected to expand their operations to more regional markets around the world, as disputes with high-quality patents are resolved, brand smart machines have been upgraded and products have become more sophisticated.
• Extended products and mobile connections: from smart terminals to eco-synergy, to multiple new and additional spaces Aiot: for example, through three major mobile brands and digital accessories, oraimo, the company constructs a “cell phone +aiot” full-scale smart ecology: home power benefits from the vast market space of the future of Africa.
Good outlook. Africa’s poor power base, rich light environment, and non-luminium light-voltaic trade have advanced to provide a good basis for the development of light storage operations, with companies continuing to expand their business plans through the Replenishment Holding Company, a joint Iraqi light-storage tap, and creating two major electric vehicle brands to create new growth points.
Through the construction of the vertical ecology of the “os+Technology Centre + Application App”, the African Blue Sea market is laid. Field expansion risks are negative: higher prices for raw materials than expected, 1 audio-control shares: deep-deep emerging markets, with mobile phones at the core to build the ai terminal ecology
1.1. Corporate overview: Starting with Africa's mobile business, the regional+products, a former sound-control company, was established in Hong Kong, China, in 2006 as a sound-promotion technology. In the same year, the company launched its first mobile brand, Tecno; in 2007, the second brand, itel, was listed and began to enter the African market; in 2013, the company launched its first mobile brand, Tecno; in the same year, the second brand, itel, was launched and began to enter the African market.
The company created a brand infinix, which forms three core mobile brands. In the process of development, the company gradually expanded its home brand syinix year. In 2019, sound control was successfully marketed on the Science and Innovation Board.
The company implements diversification strategies, expands new products such as digital accessories, household appliances, and provides mobile Internet products and services. After years of deep farming, the company’s market is concentrated in Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and elsewhere.
Global emerging markets, such as Latin America, have gained a leading market position in many countries. Figure 1: Global emerging market intelligent terminal leaders, the path from mobile phones to the development of eco-business.
The division holds 49.15 per cent of the shares of the company, and the new legacy company holds 5.44 per cent of the shares of the company, of which the founder of the company, Mr. Xiang Mujiang, in his capacity as de facto controller of the company, indirectly holds 10.72 per cent of the shares of the voice-held companies through two companies, and the SCM holds 6.28 per cent of the shares of the company, while the rest includes mainly institutional investors and individual shareholders.
At the same time, Maujiang has a 67% voting power in the company and has absolute control. The corporate equity structure as a whole is more centralized, with real owners having control over it, contributing to the firm’s long-term stability.
The founder of the company, Xiang Yujiang, who is also the director-general of the company, has found that the Blue Sea market is leading the future direction of the company, based on his professional history and an excellent strategic vision. The board of directors, the Supervisory Board, and the deputy director-general of senior management, Zhang Xing and Yang.
Hun, the director of the Supervisory Board, Song Young-man, nine men and women from the former company Mr. Xiang Myungjiang worked together for many years to develop a good partnership, while the team as a whole had excellent market analysis and management experience to justify the company.
Table 1: The management framework of the old mobile company ' s wavering system is structured in 1.2. Main business: mobile cellular +aiot+ mobile interconnection, emerging market brand matrix, three major cellular brands, and a diversified ecological architecture.
The full-chain ecological and commercial maps covering digital accessories, appliances, after-sales services, and mobile interconnections are available in more than 70 emerging market countries, including Africa and South Asia. Figure 3: Companies building product matrices around three major mobile phone brands
(1) Mobile phone business: the company owns three major mobile phone brands: tecno, intel and infinix, and the prices of cellular products are widely distributed, providing full product coverage in low-middle-to-high-end markets; in 2025, the company continued its innovative research and development and launched a number of new mobile phones, laying a solid foundation for future sustained development and market opening.
1tecno: The center-to-end market, for the middle-class consumers of emerging markets, provides advanced video-taping techniques and high-quality user experiences. Tecno provides a full range of artificial smart-product ecosystems, including smart phones, smart wearable devices, laptops, tablet computers, smart game devices, hios systems and intelligence.
Tecno now has five major mobile phone series: (a) the phantom series: the flagship product line, which currently stands at over $325-1600 in the price range, with the highest number of cellular series. In 2025, Tecno published a completely new concept machine, phantommultimategfold.
(b) The camon series: high-end video smartphones in positioning, camon 30 at $125-750. The latest image flagship camon 40 series was launched in 2025, carrying ai-image technology.
(c) Pova series: taking into account high performance and skin design, the Pova6 series price band reached $100-600 and the Pova7 series was launched in 2025 to provide new generation users with machine experience. (d) Spark and pop series: as an entry model, the price segment was split into $50-425/$50-150.
In 2025, the sprakslim concept machine was launched to create a global super-simplified smartphone. 2 infinix: founded in 2013 between Tenco and Itel, focuses on the young consumer market, focusing on cutting-edge technology, tidal design, excellence, and the provision of smart mobile terminal solutions for leading industries.
In addition to mobile phones.Infnix has introduced real wireless headphones, smart watches, laptops, tablets, smart television, etc., which are generally less than $500 for the five major product lines infinix, mainly for the middle market. According to idc data, the gt20pro series under the flag is concentrated in the range of $225-425, representing 99.01 per cent of the total, partially high-end prices.
In 2025, infinix launched the Zero series Minitri-Fold concept machine, breaking through the three-fold structure and double-chain design; released the Note50 series, with unique ai technology; and replaced the game cell phone gt30pro series, with super thin, light-quantified cell phones hot60pro+.
3itel: Specially injected into the door-to-door market, which is characterized by cost-effective and high value-for-money, mainly to meet the needs of users of functional and low-end smart machines. Products under the flag include s, p, a series, with major product segments at $50-250. In 2025, it was created in city 100 series, offering the ai mobile phone experience at the price of entry-level mobile phones.
The Power70 battery casings were then introduced, redefining the electricity standards of the kilometer smart machine. (2) Extended-type operations: based on the advantages accumulated in the mobile phone market, companies are actively implementing diversified strategic layouts and gradually expanding the layout of operations other than mobile phones.
One mobile phone accessories business: the company ' s digital accessories product is a complete matrix of tws bluetooth headphones, smart watches, charge heads, and charged treasures. The three major mobile brands, based on their own branding, offer different functions and sexually capable cellular accessories. In 2014, the company created a stand-alone digital accessories brand oraimo, which covers Africa, South Asia, and Africa.
More than 60 countries and regions in South-East Asia, Latin America, etc., have reached 200 million users. On the basis of deep insight into emerging market users, oraimo constructs multi-end interconnected intelligent ecology centred on the ai technology.
African consumer-friendly brands have risen to 81 in rank. 2 electric businesses: separate market segments are covered by the itel and syinix brands. The itel main entry-level home electric products, including electric razors, wind blowing machines, fans and air blowing pans, etc.; syinix positioning.
At the middle and high end, product lines include smart televisions, air conditioning, refrigerators, washing machines, etc., building competitive advantages based on home-grown innovation and quality upgrading. Syinix now covers more than 20 countries, and is gradually becoming one of the influential home brands in African markets.
3 Repository Operations: In 2023, the company introduced the itelenergt protection level, based on the original brand, itel, which covers 1-12kw; the battery series consisted of two voltage specifications: 24v and 48v; and an integrated storage system. The whole product focuses on high protection levels and energy density and provides industry-led 2-6-year replacement insurance.
Repair services, such as ip66 inverters and 48v battery warranties, for up to five years, fit the needs of a diverse storage site. 4 Post-sale service brand carlcare: as official post-sale service brands for tecno, infinix, intel, oraimo and syinix. In addition, Carlcare provides professional repair and maintenance services for other brands, covering hands.
Machines, computers, tablet computers, home appliances, lighting, intelligent life, new energy and supply chains. Currently branded with 19 maintenance plants and more than 2,000 service centres. 5 Electric car business: sound-produced African channels and localization experience, building Africa's two-wheeled electric vehicles
The business has rapidly covered a number of priority markets and is in the forefront of sales, making it a new growth curve for the emerging market ecology.
(3) Mobile interconnection operations: companies are autonomous in the development of smart terminal operating systems such as hios, etc., and, while upgrading user hardware experiences, provide mobile Internet applications consistent with the emerging market consumer culture, such as software preloading, distribution, advertising, etc., as well as in music, news, content aggregation, short-sightedness.
In 2024, companies developed independent mobile Internet products and services. More than 10 million monthly active users (mau) of their autonomous and cooperative development applications, mainly musical applications, boomplay, comprehensive content distribution applications, phoenix, financial science and technology platform palmpay, etc., maintained Africa.
Lead market positioning and user size, and progress in commercialization; phoenix, by enhancing user insight and localization capabilities, to roll out relevant products that are preferred by local users; palpay, relying on technology and terminal advantages, has received payment license plates from countries such as Nigeria and has become the leader of local downloads, operating with full chain and flexible credit services
1.3 Financial performance: A steady rise in income, short-term pressure on profit margins, a strong cash flow, an overall increase in operating income and net profit, and a small fluctuation in net profit return. In 2018, the company ' s net profit return year saw a significant increase in its performance, with operating income of 25,346 million yuan, an increase of 11.92 per cent over the previous year.
In 2022, as a result of the global macro-impact, the demand for mobile phones was weak, and corporate smartphones dropped in volume by the same time, with a long: (2) increase overall Māori ratio through product structural upgrading and cost optimization measures: (3) build efficient transport organizations, improve operating efficiency, and support corporate strategy.
Values are guided by sustained expansion of emerging markets and product upgrading, and overall output growth is equal. But, as a result of market competition and the combination of supply chain costs, net profit returns declined slightly to $5,549 million in 2024, a year-on-year decline, with more new items being released in the second half of the year, the volume and performance of companies expected to improve on a seasonal basis.
(2) Net interest rate: Net interest rate changes are similar to the Māori trend, with the same pattern of first-down and then-stable changes (3) Roe: Net asset returns have been stable in recent years, except for the very high profitability and the quality of business operations at the same time as net return profits in 2022.
(4) Cost rates: R & D rates have generally stabilized, management rates have decreased slightly, sales rates have increased by 1.4 pct, mainly as a result of research and development inputs such as continuous technological innovation in firms, increased product and mobile interconnections, improved end-of-life experience for mobile phone users and product competitiveness; benefits from growth in size, companies in 2023
(b) Figure 8: A significant decrease in the cost of voice-held stock sales between 2019 and 2024: Figure 9: A strong cash flow of sound-held stock between 2019 and 2024.
The corporate cash flow was stable in 2019-2021 and remained at around $4 billion: in 2022, the net cash flow of the company increased significantly by between 50.7 and 11.89 billion, owing to falling operating income and rising costs of sales and research and development; and in 2024, operating cash.
The turnover of the accounts fell to 25.73 per cent, resulting from the uneconomical increase in the associated export operations following the divestiture of the subsidiary Ismartu. The cash flow for operation of 2025H1 was $100 million, which was positive compared to the same period in 2024, mainly due to lower payments due to the company ' s falling procurement over the same period. We believe that the short-term indicators fluctuated.
Without changing the core operational resilience, cash flows peaked in 2023, confirming elasticity and supply chain bargaining advantages, provided a solid cushion for technology inputs and market expansion. Sub-operations: the company ' s mobile phone business accounts for more than 90 per cent of operating income, other major businesses grew steadily and
Markets, where the share of corporate income in Asia and other markets has been higher than in Africa for four consecutive years, leading to multi-regional co-development. Companies have set up factories in Ethiopia, Bangladesh, etc., and business costs have increased in Asia.2 Mobile phones: branding/channel/localization barriers, regional expansion has opened wide markets
2.1. Industry profile: The global market is entering the stock phase, the voice share is increasing continuously, the global mobile market is entering the stock phase, and overall output is increasing at a low rate. According to idc data, global smartphone output fell from 1,977 million in 2017 to 1.38 billion in 2023, mainly due to macros.
In 2024, manufacturers adjusted their strategies to increase the share of low-end products while maintaining high-end, and global cellular output returned to 1,437 million. According to idc, global cellular phones will continue to grow at a lower number in 2025, as a result of such factors as increased intelligent cellular penetration and longer replacement cycles.
(1) Depending on the type of machine, the switch to a smart machine and the upswing, and the structural transformation of the market, according to idc data, the global output of functional mobile phones fell from 512 million (25.9 per cent of the city) in 2017 to 201 million (14.0 per cent of the city) in 2024, representing a 60.7 per cent decrease in the volume of deliveries compared to the functional machine.
86.0%, mobile phones are completing the switch to smart machines. On the price side, smartphones continue to sell at a very high price, with smart machines going up from $312.79 in 2017 to $433.58 in 2024. Growth is on the rise, but high-end, functional replacements and the structural upturn of the asp support the resilience of the smartphone market.
The market share of the Middle East & Africa has steadily increased from 10.7% in 2017 to 13.5% in 2024, compared to 38.1% in Asia and the Pacific and elsewhere over the same period.
The two-track pattern is reshaping the global cellular industry. (3) For example, the head concentration of the smart market continues to increase, and the market share of the functional flagship brand continues to expand. The share of the smart market cr4 increased from 44.7% in 2017 to 59.2% in 2024.
The apple/tristar market share was 18.8 per cent and 18.1 per cent in 2024, while the millet and sound markets continued to expand, and the year 2024 recorded a sustained trend of annual soundings, with 46.8 per cent of market share leading the global market in 2024, up from 27.2 per cent in 2017; the share of hmd was relatively stable, with 16.6 per cent in 2024; and the share of lava was 6.1 per cent;
Three stars, micromax, and tcl are on the decline as a whole, and the market is more focused on the head. The sound is rooted in Africa, steady and steady, gradually expanding the Middle East/South-East Asia/Latin America/Eastern Europe, and the global market share continues to rise.
At the same time, in emerging markets such as Latin America and Central and Eastern Europe, the spread of sound has grown steadily, reaching 9.2%/10.3% in 2024, and has succeeded in becoming the top five brands of the two markets.
Emerging markets, such as Latin America and Central and Eastern Europe, are co-opting their competition patterns. 2.2. African markets: significant competitive advantages, leading market shares, promising growth prospects 2.2.1. Market profiles: fast growth in mobile sales and strong telecentres
Africa’s smartphone market has expanded in size and has stabilized overall market concentration. According to Canalys, Africa’s overall smartphone output has increased steadily over the last three years, reaching 74.7 million in 2024, a corresponding increase of 9% for African smartphones and 7.37% for 2022-2024 for capgr; quarterly, the growth of African smartphones has continued.
In 2022-2025q, Africa’s smartphone market was more than 85%, and competition patterns were concentrated. In 2022-2024, Africa’s mobile phone market head brands were sound, three stars, and millet, with 81% of the market share in 2024, with the sound market at 51% and the top.
On a quarterly basis, the 2025q2 head brands competed: the sound market returned to 51%, the ring increased by 4 pct; the three stars and the millet had a market share of 18/14%, respectively, and the ring decreased by 3 pct/a pcct. We believe that the localization channels and brand matrix continue to expand their position in African markets.
2.2.2. Pattern of competition: localization of sound farming, significant advantages, no fear of competition 1. Dominating both African smart and functional markets, creating exclusive branding in distribution channels and marketing strategies, increasing competition in African markets, and accelerating the entry of brands such as Mi. According to idc data, although since 2024q1
African countries such as Nigeria, Kenya and others have the highest rates of smart machines, but rivals such as Samsung and Mi have been active in expanding African markets, and their share of the market has fluctuated. The 2025q1 voice has a 60% share in the Nigerian market, a decline of 7 pct, a decline of 2 pcc, and a decline of 38% in Kenya.
We believe that the sound is firmly rooted in African markets and that their operations are becoming more volatile. Without it, companies are expected to continue to consolidate their African markets with deep branding, targeted localization technology, and continued high-end layouts.
According to idc, sound shows regional coverage and competitive advantages in both African smartphones and functional markets. In the subregion, East and West Africa, two of Africa’s top economic growth regions, are dominated by sound, functional machines.
The market share is generally over 60 per cent, and the smart market is also leading in the major countries; the market for mobile phones in North and South Africa is dominated by sound in several African markets. The West African region registered 88.9 per cent / 52.6 per cent functional machine shares in Nigeria/Ghana in 2024; the East African region also featured prominently in Kenya/Uganda/Tanzan
The market share of Niña is 76.8 per cent, 64.6 per cent and 71.0 per cent, respectively: the North African region has a relatively low functional share, while Moldova/Algeria/Egypt have a 43.9 per cent share of 26.6 per cent and 32.3 per cent, while the rest of Africa has a 93.3 per cent share.
The smartphone market, where sound has shown strong competitiveness in East and West Africa. In the core markets of East Africa, sound is high at 71.8 per cent/65.9 per cent in Tanzania/Uganda, and 38.2 per cent in Kenya; the West Africa region is also prominent, with Nigeria/Ghana accounting for 65.6 per cent/48.1 per cent of the market share.
Nigeria, the continent’s largest economy, and Kenya, the largest economy in East Africa, have young people with sound structure and good consumer potential. We believe that soundings in both countries’ mobile markets provide a good potential for user transformation for their African smart business and are expected to build on this and further intelligentness.
In terms of channels, sound control has successfully infiltrated every corner of Africa’s market through a three-tier distribution system and a two-tier distribution network.
Working with more than 2,000 distributors to cover more than 70 countries and to reach out to grass-roots terminals such as couples shops and market stalls to build barriers to access that are difficult to replicate; and marketing, the company has adopted a “farm village-to-city” line-to-line coverage strategy, which allows saturation brands to be exposed by ubiquitous wall ads, in response to the low coverage of African networks.
At the same time, the sound became an exclusive partner in many African cups, pushing for the brand name Tecno to be activated to an all-time high in sub-Saharan Africa, raising brand trust and the image of medium- and high-end markets. We believe that, despite the increasing competition among major mobile phone manufacturers in African markets, the sound is using its channels.
The brand power built by marketing strategies is expected to keep markets competitive while pushing for high-end transformation. Figure 26: Tecno continues to be the official global partner of the African Cup. Figure 25: Voice-over advertising strategy in Africa
2. In response to Africa’s market pains, a localized technology solution was introduced, electricity shortages were fragmented with operators, shaping the differentiated demand for mobile phones in Africa. According to the World Bank, while the number of people without electricity in sub-Saharan Africa declined from 2013 to 2023, the rate of decline was still below the global average.
Ping, structural power shortages are prominent. Sub-Saharan Africa ' s electricity deficit reached 565 million people in 2023, or 84.80 per cent of the world ' s population. Sub-country by country, according to World Bank data for 2023, Nigeria, Ethiopia, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo all face severe electricity shortages, overall low electrification rates, and urban-rural disparities.
In Africa, where the country has a strong voice, the national electrification rate is 55% and is as low as 26% in rural areas; Kenya, where the national electrification rate is 75% and the supply of electricity remains uneven between urban and rural areas; and Africa’s electricity problems, which make it difficult for facilities such as the communications base station to function effectively.
The data show that 79 operators have committed to investing in 5g in 41 countries in Africa. But fragmentation of operators and the high power consumption of 5g will exacerbate the challenges that power shortages pose for continuity, quality of communications, and ease of charging.
In the area of communications, in the face of the challenges of power infrastructure delays in Africa and inadequate coverage of communication networks, the sound continues to be a bottleneck for targeted technological innovation based on deep insight into local markets. In 2007, high fragmentation of operators and high costs of cross-network communication were targeted at operators.
In the case of batteries, the problem of power shortages continues to worsen with the deployment of 5g at a faster rate.
Solution to achieve 100w wired fast charging and support multi-mode smart charging; self-researched cheetahx1 power source to manage the chip integration of the whole scenario, current detection, and security protection functions, significantly increasing charge efficiency and safety. In 2025, the itelpower70 launched the `Home+Sintellage' complex continuation programme, with a total capacity of 10,000 mah.
Through modular design, dynamic energy supply networks are built to transform mobile phones into distributed power nodes. These technologies create new technologies that significantly mitigate the effects of frequent power outages on communications continuity and the long-term competitiveness of systems to build sound in African markets.
Figure 29: itel rolls the Power70 battery shell package with an ultra-long continuation programme Figure 31: infinix self-researched the power management chip for cheetahx1, hardware protection, sound transmission to create a database based on the alkali properties of African consumers, and develop anti-heavy acids
(ph3.5) Surface corrosion-resistant coating techniques that significantly enhance equipment diffusion. In the area of video, companies are autonomous in developing a number of non-continental customer-specific technologies, including black-colour video technology, night-time photo capture technology and dark face recognition delocking. Tecno introduced universaltone multi-colour image technology in 2024.
The color-card system of skin colours, which achieves the perfectness of the entire chain; the same year, the infinix combined three-star in-depth learning super-cleansing algorithms to enhance the quality of high-pixel photography in the dark light and so on. These key technologies, which cover user experience and product reliability, will continue to strengthen the branding of sound in African markets.
3. Optimizing product structure and promoting a higher-priced machine-type and 5g-type ratio The Middle East and Africa, where the sound is still at the forefront, but growth slows and is concentrated in low-end price belts,
There is an urgent need to capture new market increases through strategies such as high-end products. The idc data show that the region ' s asp has increased over the years. Figure 35: The proportion of high-end price segments in Middle East and African markets continues to increase.
At a faster pace, the ratio of global 5g-type machines in 20251 has reached 70.87%, becoming the mainstream of the market. The ratio of 5g-type machines in the African region has remained low for the same period, at only 13.20%, and there is room for structural upgrading in the market.
The total number of brands/brands on the African market rose to 8.69%/17.58%, up from 2023q1, 4.78pct/7.82pct. At the same time, the sound is releasing market expansion for the 5g by lowering the 3g-type ratio.
Robust machines take the lead in high-end upgrades in African markets. In the long run, a five-g-style drive in Africa not only helps to consolidate its regional leadership, raise product prices and brand image, but is more likely to be a springboard for successful replication to other emerging markets, leading to high-end expansion across regions.
2.2.3. Potential for growth: There is still room for improved cellular penetration, and Africa’s functional users continue to switch to smart machines, and African macroeconomics are better, laying the foundation for consumer e-market prosperity. According to imf, Africa’s economies in the twenty-first century and beyond, although accompanied by cyclical fluctuations, overall growth.
The growth rate of gdp has remained at a high level of about 6 per cent for many years, higher than the global average for the same period. The economy, which was affected by the epidemic in 2020, suffered a brief fall, but recovered rapidly thereafter; Africa ' s real growth rate of gdp, which reached 3.2 per cent in 2024, has grown by more than 3 per cent for four consecutive years. Imf projects that Africa ' s real growth rate of gdp is expected to reach 4.5 per cent by 2030, far.
We believe that Africa’s economic growth will lead to an increase in income levels and an increase in consumer power, thus laying a solid macroeconomic foundation for the penetration and upgrading of smart markets. Africa’s demographic rejuvenation and sustained growth will provide dividends for the expansion of smart markets.
In terms of the age structure of the population, Africa, as the youngest region of the global population, accounts for a relatively high proportion of adolescents. According to the population, the population of Africa is expected to grow at a rate of approximately 2 per cent and to reach 1,633 million by 2029.
According to pyramid, the ratio of men to women under 25 years of age in Africa in 2024 was 29.69 per cent/29.03 per cent. Mobile network technology is spreading rapidly in African markets. According to itu, mobile networks above 3g in Africa have significantly increased their coverage from 40 per cent in 2013 to 86 per cent in 2024, and 5g as a new generation of communications.
Technology, too, has made a breakthrough from scratch in five years, reaching 11% coverage in 2024. We believe that the rapid increase in the coverage of young populations and mobile networks in non-continents has created a synergy that drives smart machines in non-open source securities.
Figure 38: Africa ' s population is projected to grow to 1,633 million in 2029, and figure 39: Africa ' s demographic structure was rejuvenated in 2024. China ' s and India ' s intelligent development path points to Africa ' s intelligent transformation.
Smart access routes provide Africa with a highly reference development paradigm. Currently, Africa’s only mobile user penetration rate is 46% in economic development lanes, close to 44% in sub-Saharan Africa in 2023; mobile Internet users in China have grown rapidly since 2013 and the only mobile user penetration rate in 2023 has grown.
On the Indian side, per capita gdp grew from US$ 1950 in 2017 to US$ 2697 in 2024, a relatively flat increase, but its smart ratio rose significantly from 43% to 74%, a clear indication of even medium-speed growth.
In this context, the rate of brain transformation is still on the rise; with its economic development phase similar to that of Africa, its deep strategic partnership and its low-cost-led smart market ecology similar to that of Africa, India offers replicable low-cost transformation models and market entry routes to African markets that are in the early stages of their transformation to smart machines.
In our view, Africa is at a key point in the transition from functional to smart scale. Before that time, Africa’s smart market had reached 51.23%, but its only mobile user penetration was still low, very similar to China in 2013, and there is room for future penetration.
There are already: on the one hand, the growth in network coverage of 3g and above in Africa, and the accelerated deployment of 5g, provide a solid network base that corresponds to the conditions of China’s critical period of smartness penetration; on the other hand, the youth structure of Africa’s population and the level of gdp per capita similar to India’s medium-growth phase, which together constitute the dividends of growth in the prevalence of smart machines.
As a result, Africa is expected to reprint fast-growing trajectories in the future, accelerating the completion of the machine’s historical leap to a smart machine that offers growth opportunities for cell phone manufacturers who are deep-ploughing local markets. African markets are moving faster toward a smart machine, and sound smarts are gaining more space in the future.
According to data, the transformation of African markets into smart machines has continued to accelerate, with smart machines accounting for 51.23 per cent of Africa ' s mobile markets in 2024, an increase of 11.93 per cent over 2017; and smart machines arriving at 88 million units in the same period, an increase of 13.14 per cent, an increase that has reached an all-time high.
In Africa, we believe that, as the dominant owner of the functional market in Africa, sound continues to have vast incremental space in the field of smart machines. The current trend in the overall transformation of African markets is clear.
This gap means that companies, with their deep market roots, can take advantage of the transformation of smart machines in African markets to achieve their own intelligence penetration rates in the future. 2.3. Other markets: South-East Asia/South Asia/Latin America have made a significant difference, with core regional cities leading the way.
2.3.1. South-East Asia/South Asia: Head manufacturers are highly competitive and sounding leads in key market shares The South-East Asia market has more than 80% cr5 concentration and more equal brand shares. According to Canalys, the top five branding markets in South-East Asia ' s smartphone market, 2024q1-2025q2, together, have stabilized at about 80%.
2025q2 millimetres regained the top 19% of market share; the sound achieved the largest market share growth for head producers, 18%, ring growth of 4 pct, volume of shipments of 4.5 million, 17% more than the previous year. Rice and sound spreads are ahead of the market by very competitive pricing and positive channel incentives between low-priced areas.
_ (l) Philippines: The market is on the rise, and the voice is on the rise, according to idc data, and in 2024, the voice is on the ground in Philippines.
The market share of sound has fluctuated slightly since then, but the overall city share of 2023q4-2025q1 has remained above 30%, while the market is still at the top of the market at 36%. Multi-brand-different layouts, coordinated underline drivers.
The combination of its three brands and infinix has contributed to a steady increase in the Philippine market share for the sixth consecutive year. Among them, the inel layout low-end machine, with a market monopoly of 99.43% of the prices below $50 in 2024; and the infinix channel, which is dominated by infinix, through platforms such as Lazada/shopee, has been distributed exclusively and restricted.
Low-cost booster sales, such as time-scree killing: below the line, with tecno/itel at its core, deep distribution systems permeating the sunk market, binding large numbers of small retailers with high profits and standardized services, and building barriers to channels that are difficult to replicate. (2) Myanmar: sound branding and low-price strategies are working to jump to the top of the market in Myanmar.
According to idc data, in 2019 the sound came into the Myanmar smart market using the flagship brand tecno, which then led to the infinix being a two-brand-driven brand. In just six years, the sound became a market brand, with a market share of 44.59 per cent in 2024, with tecno/infinix contributing 20.94 per cent/16.00 per cent.
Figure 53: Voice on Myanmar Markets through Tecno and infinix brands (3) Indonesia: Focusing on low- and medium-end price segments, successful market expansion, thanks to localization and value-for-money strategies, has led to a rapid rise in smartphones in Indonesian markets.
According to idc, the market share of sound in Indonesia rose from 0.28 per cent in 2018 to 18.34 per cent in 2024.In terms of prices, sound mainly focused on low-middle-end markets, and in 2024, the 50-100 price band accounted for 78 per cent of its output, while the ratio of machine type over $200 was only 3.36 per cent.
The beauty preference for optimised photo algorithms and the introduction of machines such as tecnocamon40pro5g in low-to-low-price segments, allowing for photo performance over shoulder-to-end products. We believe that sound transmissions are expected to relive successful experiences in the Philippines, Myanmar, by expanding high-end machine-type markets and opening up Indonesia’s market landscape.
(4) Bangladesh: The rate of occupancy continues to rise, and the power of the new plant has increased locally, and according to idc data, the share of sound in the Bangladeshi smartphone market has been successful in opening the market from a low price of about 5% of the US dollar between 2017 and 2024. Since 2017, the share of the market between the price zones has continued to be raised.
The end-market share has increased, reflecting the company’s strong pricing and product strategy in Bangladesh. Since 2018, when the first Chinese mobile phone manufacturer was established in Bangladesh, the local manufacturing strategy has continued to deepen; and in May 2023, a new propriety factory, Ismartu, was officially launched, with a total investment.
About 140 million yuan and more than 22,000 square metres of building space. The new plant introduces advanced manufacturing standards, improves intelligence and productivity, and increases the speed of sound transmission in response to local market demand. (5) Pakistan: Localization strategies and productive layout consolidates the leading edge.
According to idc, between 2017 and 2024, the spread of sound in the Pakistani mobile phone market rose from 1% to 43%, with successful dominance, reaching a market peak of 49.44% in 2023. From quarterly and brand influence.
Based on existing channels and brand resources, explore the expansion of new and emerging business areas such as two-wheeler vehicles to achieve sustainable growth.(6) India: Market expansion, recent period fluctuations, according to idc data, between 2019 and 2023, the share of the Indian market was raised from 3.04 per cent to 8.17 per cent.
However, from 2024q2 onwards, increased competition from low- and medium-level markets, pipeline coverage, and technological innovation through deeper localization have kept pace in Indian markets. 2.3.2, Latin American markets: Ecuador’s market is highly permeable, and the market is consistently leading and consolidating.
According to idc data, since the introduction of the Ecuadorian smart market in 2021, the share of the sound market has risen rapidly from 4.9 per cent to 49.1 per cent in 2024, successfully surpassing competitors and gaining market dominance. On a quarterly basis, users approve and operate with stability. We believe that the future sound will replicate the success of the Ecuadorian market.
To the rest of Latin America, a further increase in the share of the Latin American market is being promoted. 2.4. Globalization: a thick and thin build-up of barriers, moving out of Africa and towards globalization.
Development path: First, the resolution of disputes with high-level patents clears key intellectual property barriers and paves the way for more regional markets. Second, its core advantage is its ability to become deeply localized, accurately captured and responsive to the needs of market users. Moreover, soundings enhance brand image and brand image through sustained promotion of product upscaling.
Profit level. With this combination of “localization + high-end” strategies, it is expected that the sound will replicate its success to the whole world...and grow into influential global brands. 2.4.1 , high-profile patent disputes are resolved, opening up potential space for global regional markets.
Litigation disputes are settled, and patent licences facilitate new market entry. In early market openings, companies failed to pay licence fees for the use of related patents, such as lycée, but in response to possible third-party patent licensing fees, they have been raising projected liabilities since 2018. In 2024, they were facing successive patent lawsuits in the Indian market.
The suit: Philips accused him of violating a number of standard patents relating to unified voice and audio codes, and advanced audio codes, and applied for an asset freeze order accordingly. At the same time, HLCM also sued for pronunciation in a number of non-standard required patents, and filed a patent tort claims in Europe and China.
Philip reached a settlement in the Indian market and signed a patent licence agreement with Hightower 5g; and at the same time, he and Nokia completed the sep licence without litigation. As a result, the dispute between major patent holders, such as sound and high to high, was largely resolved, and their entry into India was new to high standards.
Markets have removed key intellectual property barriers. We believe that in the future, with the benefits of reconciliation with multiple patent giants, soundings are expected to accelerate the development of emerging markets with high economic power and high compliance requirements, such as India.
This is an increase of 23.52%. The share of 2023q4 soundings in the Central and Eastern European markets has reached about 15.49% of the stage heights, and it is planned to cover more than 90% of smartphones worldwide. We believe that with patent licensing and reconciliation with lycée, it can significantly enhance product compliance, break patent barriers, and boost competition in the Central and Eastern European markets.
The Latin American market as a whole remains stable, with 2023q1-2025q1 remaining at about 30 million. The region has a low market share of about 6.53% in 2025q1.
The Libre and Eco-building plan is to introduce the High-Tool Innovator Program into priority cities like Brazil and Mexico. At the same time, companies are actively expanding their markets through multi-brand coordinated strategies, focusing on sustainable development and healthy economics; and to further enhance localization, the 2025h1 sound is being added to markets like Mexico and Brazil.
We believe that, based on the cooperation reached with Hightower and the strategic advancement of both sides in Latin America, the sounding is expected to be effective in harnessing market opportunities and gradually expanding the space of Latin American markets. Figure 65: The number of sound markets in Central and Eastern European markets is 5.6%, and there is room for growth.
Fig. 66: 2023q1 has been stable since the Latin American market, with 2.4.2 per cent of the demand for goods, and a sustained localization strategy. In 2025, the Government of India adjusted its foreign investment policy to boost the “Indian manufacturing” war by strengthening localization requirements.
At the product level, companies have developed mobile phones with biometric touch sensors for Indian dietary culture to enable users to use them.
For the Indonesian market, telephonic tecnopova5pro mobile phones are available at a thousand-dollar price.
High-sense configurations such as triangular rgb light belts, 120hz high-brush screens and 68w fast-loading, with a clear focus on user groups in South-East Asia and Latin America that are sensitive to entertainment experiences and costs.
(i) Cellularasp continues to rise, accelerating its coverage of the mid-to-high end user market. By 2024, soundings in the global smartphoneasp showed an overall upward trend, reaching $117.98 in 2024, an increase of 32.55 per cent over 2017.
Three brands of 2025o2 sound drive: infinix has succeeded in expanding to $300-599 prices while consolidating the advantages of markets below $200; tecno has a medium- and low-end market share in high value for products, based on distribution and marketing capabilities; and, in the face of supply chain and strategic adjustment challenges, itel has succeeded in maintaining a larger market share of less than $100.
The central user base of the market. Through multi-brand synergies and product structural upgrades, soundings are accelerating the breakthrough towards mid-to-high-end markets based on maintaining the advantage of the public market.
(2) High-end top-of-the-board folding of the market for mobile phones, continuing to build high-end branding, the high-end flag fleet has continued to evolve, pushing for medium-to-high-end branding. In 2023, Tecno launched the first-ever mobile communications conference (mwc2023), which launched the first tecno-first-of-the-line phone phantomvfold.
Launched with vflip2 to further speed up the high-end process; in 2025, on mwc 2025, a sound show was displayed on mwc with phantommultimate2, sarkslim and phantomvfold2 satellite communication with three ultra thin concept cell phones; and in the second half of the year, the company published the world ' s thinest three-folder cell phone, tecno.
To support the high-end strategy, companies will continue to invest more in research and development, focusing on graphics, ai, and fast-loading.
The development of self-researched video systems, such as universaltone man-made technology, ai video editing power and aigc man-made technology, continues to upgrade high-quality, personalized video experience, contributing to the upgrading of the structure of power products and the upgrading of high-end brand images.
(3) The self-research + third-party i model is a comprehensive layout that continuously improves the experience of the ai cellular user, and since 2023 the company has been system-based, using a large third-party model such as openai to achieve the i smart phone with chhatgpt text interactive features.
The technology architecture, which accelerates the development of the self-research system, also applies a range of side functions, such as the ai translation, the ai painting board, and the ellaai voice assistant image, to the latest phantom flagship, signalling the company’s move from technological exploration to a scalding product.
In 2025, the sound spreads further to the one's ecological boundary. Tecno under the flag is centred on the “ai panorama interconnection” with the release of multiple aipcs on mwc2025 with an ecological terminal that provides smart synergies between mobile phones, flat boards, and equipment; and, at the same time, the camon-based smartphone, which integrates the front-line ai-image technology and practicality.
The company has built up a combination of "Little Quantified Ai+ Cloud Synergy + Multi-Early Interconnection" to continuously enhance the user's whole-of-the-scenes experience.
3. Extended categories: based on brand/channel advantages, expansion of operations such as aiot/home power/light storage 3.1, aiot: consumption electronic products such as tablet/pc/dressing/portfolios, etc.
On this basis, the company builds a digital appliance brand oraimo based on the needs of African market users, which specializes in deep-deep audio equipment, charging electricity, etc.
Through the "Multi-brand + Full-Currents" strategy, soundings are increasingly strengthening ecological synergies and user stickyness in emerging markets, building a solid product base for sustained growth. Oraimo is an ecological leader in Africa, and digital appliance advantages are growing.
The rapid increase in demand for 3c accessories such as smart sound boxes, bracelets, mobile power, tws headphones, etc. provides a new growth space for the digital components of sound transmission. Oraimo, a brand that focuses on consumer electronics under the banner of sound transmission, expands its operations from digital accessories to aiot intelligence interconnection.
Integration, optimization of power providers, 90% of the day-to-day packages of audio and clothing have increased since 2020, and indigenous ecological advantages have been consolidated. According to Canalys, in 2024, audio products driven by brands such as oraimo dominated the African tws market with 56% of the same share.
A 15% increase; Africa’s 37% share in the market for wearing equipment is the highest, with 64% growth compared to the previous year, increasing at a significantly higher rate than the industry average. In the future, oraimo will continue to deepen its work with supply chain partners, increase system resilience, and continue to expand its scale and brand power in the area of digital accessories and aiot.
In 2024, the sound entered the Xr track, and in 2024 it was the best invention list; on mwc 2025, Tecno released aiglases and aiglassespro, two ai glasses with a voice interaction, information recognition, navigation, etc.
Through the display of a matrix of ai products covering mobile phones, ai glasses, notebooks, headphones, and smart watches, multi-scenario smart applications are achieved by connecting to the Tototecnoai. Co-operative Spanish top channels to open up European markets for aiot eco-products.
The top technology wholesaler mcr group has entered into a strategic partnership to introduce aiot smart eco-products into the Spanish market. mcr, as the largest local distributor, takes the lead in the field of IT and consumer electronics, has a wide range of distribution networks and modern logistics systems that will provide core support for the listing and distribution of tecno products in Spain.
The Aiot products launched by this partnership include the Megabook series of laptops, the Minimum Water Colds Global pc-megaminigamingg1 and the forthcoming series of smart glasses, new pens and smart watches, which will be fully marketed in major cities like Madrid and Barcelona through mcr.
We believe that this cooperation has led to the further expansion of the Spanish market, providing a new growth point for its aiot extension business. It is hoped that this will provide an opportunity to build up the overall share and ecological influence of the Spanish and European markets and provide an important basis for future expansion in Europe.
Figure 78: Tecno co-operated with mcr aiot product 3.2. Home power: syinix locates high-end brands, opening up new growth curves in whole-class localization, positioning them in mid-end markets in Africa, creating home brands intelligently and locally.
Since its establishment in 2015, a full product matrix covering large household electricity and small household electricity has been set up at the top of the market in Africa. The product lines include large household electricity such as smart televisions, refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines, and small appliances such as electric hot water kettles, air blowing pans, blenders, fans, etc.
The brand is driven by “intelligent” and “localization” and emphasizes safety, durability and ease in product design, such as the “safe drinking water partner” for electric hot water kettles, the “eight-hour extension” for wind fans, etc., and is well aligned with local infrastructure characteristics and consumer importance for practical functions.
In terms of business expansion, Syinix insists on regional deep farming and branding. It now covers more than 20 African countries, including Egypt, Nigeria, Ghana, and relies on more than 30 local social media home pages for fine-tuning operations to enhance user interaction and market penetration.
In a nutshell, Syinix is gradually creating a brand image in the African market, becoming an important support for household panels in the sounding ecology, and continues to push the high-end brand strategy to the ground. Figure 79: Syinix full-scale household electricity matrix: high-end demand in the African market with intelligence and localization
Figure 80: Syinix rolls out the global headline “swallowfood” smart equipment, figure 81: African domestic electricity market cagr is projected to be 9.48 per cent in 2025-2030, driven by innovation in home-based products, to capture the growth opportunities of the African domestic electricity market. In 2024, Syinix rolls out the global market.
The launch of the product was based on in-depth research and two years of home-grown research and development in more than 10 countries in Africa, with precision and adaptation to local traditional dietary habits. Its functional positioning is the equivalent of the African market's “diplomatic cooker” for the whole of Africa.
In the context of the continent’s free trade zone with zero cross-border tariffs, the product displays important market value. The African electricity market offers a broad growth outlook, with African electricity markets, according to statesta data, at a fast-growing stage, projected to reach 9.48% in 2025-2030.
The syinix will further consolidate its position in African markets with its strong local insight, product innovation capabilities and the power of parent companies to communicate deep in Africa. 3.3. Light storage: Africa and South Asia markets have good prospects for glamorous development, generating rigid demand for energy products.
African markets: electricity shortages and unelectrified populations are prominent, providing a hard incremental space for the storage market. In Nigeria, for example, the West African country of Nigeria has a fragile electricity grid, with nearly 140 malfunctions in the last 10 years, according to the Central Reserve.
According to ourworldindata, the proportion of the world’s population with electricity in 2022 was about 91.28%, while the proportion of people with electricity in Nigeria was about 60.50%, a difference of 30.78pt. Nigeria’s solar energy resources are abundant, the amount of photovoltaics continues to grow, and the future development of the storage market is promising.
According toweatheratlas, Nigeria’s largest port, Lagos, has a monthly average of more than 11.5 hours of sunlight and 12.5 hours of suntime in June and July. Nigeria’s long solar and solar-powered lifetime provides good natural conditions for photovoltaic power generation.
Voltage continues to grow, with a cumulative capacity of 144 megawatts in 2024, or 0.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis. According to the combined growth rate of Mordor, it reached 9.88 per cent. We believe that Nigeria’s rich solar energy resources, together with a large population without electricity, create a strong and stable demand for electricity, providing vast development space for the photovoltaic storage market.
South Asian markets: Pakistan’s light-voltage market is growing as a result of long sunlight and a weak power base. Pakistan’s basic situation is similar to that of Nigeria: according to the “global photovoltaic” news, the country’s electricity supply gap is large, with a daily average of about 4-5gw, with more than 200 million people in the country without stable access to electricity; and Pakistan’s solar-day conditions are favourable.
The capital, Islamabad, has a daily average of more than 10 hours a month, and good light conditions provide good conditions for the photovoltaic industry in Pakistan. According to the International Renewable Energy Agency, Pakistan’s photovoltage capacity continued to grow from 2020 to 2024, reaching about 1.4gw in 2024, an increase of 12.23%.
Photovoltaic capacity in Pakistan is expected to grow rapidly in the coming years and is expected to reach 12.8gw by 2030 and 2047 by 2047, figure 84: The cumulative increase in photovoltaic capacity in Nigeria and Pakistan.
Figure 85: The size of Nigeria’s renewable energy market is expected to grow to $21.390 billion in 2029, and China’s exports of light-voltage trade continue to grow. According to the General Customs Administration, China’s exports to Nigeria and Pakistan grew at a high rate in 2020-2024.
The variable exports were $113 million and $412 million, respectively, an increase of 124.91 per cent and 229.39 per cent respectively. For Nigeria, multi-power storage products such as reversibles, batteries, etc. were introduced by the itel brand under the banner, and Lungi Green was able to enter Nigeria's photovoltaic market through the supply of light voltage components; for Pakistan, tcl photovolt technology and Intgra, Pakistan.
Solar companies have signed strategic cooperative distribution agreements into Pakistan’s market. We believe that, in the face of a proliferation of photovoltaic exports every year, China’s enterprises’ photo-storage competition strategies in emerging markets such as Africa and South Asia have been upgraded from simple products to deep industrial chains.
Figure 86: China exports $113 million to Nigeria in 2024
In 2023, the company included storage as a strategic business, with a planned investment of $2 billion in 2-3 years, exceeding 1.5 billion in research and development costs for 2022. According to the official website of the intel, the company launched an intel brand, providing packages.
The one-stop residential energy solution has already landed in Pakistan, Nigeria and Zimbabwe.
On May 21, 2025, the company implemented an energy boost of $70 million to the stock holding company by means of an all-owned company ' s ideas. At the same time, another energy shareholder ' s new torch capacity (the voice boarder ' s tight hands) completed a similar increase of $30 million, with a total increase.
After the replenishment was completed, the share of sound-to-speech energy remained at 70%. Energy introduced household storage solutions, covering emerging markets such as Pakistan, Nigeria, and complementing the supply lines of telenergy.
The Iraqi government has set a target of 10gw renewables by 2030 to be installed in Iraq.
In that context, the company marched into the Iraqi market in 2025 with a series of Iraqi products, working with a leading store dealer, zmcsorrenergy. Zmc, a leading light-store company, covers eight countries and has a strong distribution network in the Middle East, especially deep.
We believe that, with its ability to operate in conjunction with the distribution network of zmc, the company is expected to open up the Middle East light-store market further from Iraq. Three strategies are: brand ownership, extreme value for money, and localization to help open up the Iraqi market.
There is a branding strategy extension: the company moves its accumulated brand advantage to the field of storage power, and a series of products from the irenergy to the itel power have hit the market. This strategy has emerged in Pakistan: the stock market is close to 15% through brand mind penetration. The company’s main competitors in the Iraqi market, the main ones are surrogates, brands, brands, etc.
The premium capacity is weak. 2 Extremely high value: at the 2025 Nigeria Photovolt exhibition, the company displayed a 6kw mix of reverse transformers at a price of only 3000 yuan, which is 50 per cent lower than the price of the same type of 5kw product, and accurately matches low-middle- and low-income market demand. 3 Deep Localization Operations: Reusing African Market Experience, the company implemented "Light Voltage Home" in Iraq.
Actions have covered areas such as Baghdad, Erbil and other parts of the country, lowering the purchase threshold through localization, such as ground-drilling teams, instalments and net red marketing. 3.4. Electric vehicles: Africa’s markets have significant growth space and two brands create product matrices.
Africa’s electric vehicle market has a significant potential for growth, with two wheels becoming the core driving force. According to the above-certified e interaction, Africa’s electric two-wheel market was about $3 billion in 2024, and is projected to be close to $6 billion in 2029, or 10 per cent. According to McKinsey, by 2040, sub-Saharan Africa’s electric vehicle holdings will be in sub-Saharan Africa.
Two wheeled cars will become the main vehicle type. The baseline scenario offers 11 million vehicles, and accelerated development scenarios are expected to break 22 million vehicles, far beyond the expected holdings of three wheeled vehicles, passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, etc. African markets, owing to infrastructure constraints and differences in consumption levels, tend to prefer low-cost, high-adaptability models.
Light electric vehicles. Currently, the two-wheeler has become the core of the African population’s life and economy, and its market is undergoing a significant shift from a fuel vehicle to an electric vehicle, driven mainly by the economic excellence of the electric vehicle, which has been reduced by up to 50 per cent in comparison to the cost of using the fuel vehicle and directly boosts the income of practitioners.
In 2022, they set up the Department of Travel to incubate the independent two-wheeled electric vehicle brands revoo and thankvolt. In 2023, revoo started in the African market, in Uganda, and quickly expanded to Nigeria, Kenya, Tanzania, etc.
At the core of the strategy is the delivery of products at a competitive price of about $1,500, accompanied by the launch of the “ Battery or Service” lease model, third-party charge-station cooperation, and fleet asset management software, resulting in a full package of “product + service + infrastructure” solutions. At the same time, companies actively seek government orders and engage with private convoys, financial institutions.
We believe that, based on African channels and localization experience, cross-border electric cars should be used to capture African market dividends and put pressure on the growth of mobile phone operations. Currently, the sound is in the top three brands of Africa’s electric car sales, promising future gains.
Market leadership using mature distribution networks and “product-plus” models. Mobile interconnection: building vertical ecology, deepening user value closures 4.1, building the vertical ecological layout of the “os+technology center + application app”
Building on smart machine operations to build a mobile interconnectivity business system based on "Operations + Applied Eco+ Commercial Technology Centre". (1) The company is autonomous in the development of smart terminal operating systems such as hios, itelos and Xos, and uses this as a core for operational os, including game platform ahagames, application distribution platform palmstore,
Mobile phone management applications include key operations such as phonemaster. (2) In application applications, audio and domestic Internet companies work together to incubate multi-hot applications, such as the African lead music platform boomplay, mobile payment software palmpay, and the African lead mobile browser phoenix, launched in collaboration with the tweeting; and in parallel, build
(iii) On the business and technology hub, companies create business and technology hubs, including data insight tables, audio cloud platforms, dlightcloud, one-stop marketing service platforms, eagllwin, etc., to provide infrastructure support for front-end operations.
Sounding is gradually building a virtuous ecology in global emerging markets, where smart terminals and mobile interconnections are developing in synergy. 4.2 In order to seize new opportunities for Internet growth in Africa, mobile interconnections are expected to grow rapidly, and mobile applications markets in Africa are expanding and active users are growing steadily.
Between 2022 and 2024, the number of active users of mobile applications in Africa continued to grow steadily. In December 2024, the number of active users of mobile applications in Africa passed 380 million, an increase of 15.4 per cent over the same period.
More than 100 million people have opened more than 2.3 billion times a year, showing both the size of the user and the depth of use. More specifically, more than 110 ai applications have been growing throughout the year, and 20 of them have been using an active user code of over 1 million: another 100 ai applications have been used more than we did in January.
It is argued that, based on the dynamic growth dynamics of Africai-type mobile applications and the layout of mobile connectivity in Africa, companies are expected to extend the existing mobile interconnection advantages to the one area, opening up the technology by self-researching or co-incubating the ai applications: focusing on non-mainstream language user groups, i-translation technology breaking out of the market.
At the international machine translation competition at wmt2025, low-resource language translation technology developed autonomously for sound transmission received four low-resource Indian language translation champions in Assam, Manipur, etc. This breakthrough will give further impetus to the further development and application of ai translation technology in low-resource Indian languages, and to the expansion of emerging markets such as India.
For the time being, sound technology has included more than 100 mainstream languages, as well as several small languages such as the Nizhr-Congo and Afro-Asian languages in Africa, the South Island and Indo-European languages in Asia, and has continued to push for a breakthrough in multilingual ai translation techniques. We believe that sounding in the future will be facilitated by its ability to translate in smaller ai.
Figure 92: Africa ' s mobile applications reached 380 million active users in 2024.
Case 1-ahagames: Markets for mobile games are growing strongly, and platform advantages highlight the fact that ahagames focus on mobile game distribution platforms in emerging markets such as Africa, pre-arranged in three brands of mobile phones under the banner of sound, starting with Nigeria, and expanding to places such as Kenya, Egypt and India.
The platform provides over 15,000 free apk and html5 games, more than 20 million users worldwide, and over 500 million downloads on Google Play. In service mode, the platform provides free game downloads and management services for ordinary users, and offers developers solutions such as distribution of games in apk/h5 formats, advertising and local payments.
According to data from datasparkle, in 2024, Africa had more than 270 million active users of mobile games, an increase of 9.5 per cent compared to the previous year, with West and East Africa leading the market with high growth rates of 17 per cent and 13 per cent. Leisure, intelligence, etc. Lightweight games were the most popular, with over 140 million users and nearly a quarter of the head games.
Shows greater user needs and clear market preferences. Figure 95: cumulative downloads of game platforms at googleplay over 500 million times. By December 2024, the number of live users at ahagames reached 120 million, with an average daily player playing total
Over 3.5 million hours; its exclusive aha engine raises the success rate of games in a weak web environment to 96%. Currently, the platform has launched the "aha milliondau game plan", which supports and localizes creative teams by integrating s-level traffic and systematically optimizing technology, advertising styles, traffic and policies at multiple dimensions.
Power games rise rapidly in the market. We believe that, based on the rapid growth of mobile games markets in Africa and the platform's own game strategy, ahagames are expected to further increase the use of their African abnormal mau, dau and users alike for long periods of time, becoming the core product of a matrix of mobile Internet products.
Figure 97: 120 million live users in 2024. Case 2-boomplay: Africa's leading music streaming media platform, leading African music ecology as a music streaming platform focused on African markets, by tecnomobile in 2015
The platform is being launched for the first time in Nigeria. Local teams have now been established in Ghana, Kenya, Tanzania, Cameroon, and Kotdewa as one of the largest and fastest growing music applications in Africa. In 2022, its monthly active users have passed 100 million, with over 100 million stacks covering online play, video viewing, songs.
A variety of functions, such as downloading and off-line listening, are available to users free of charge or by choosing flexible subscription schemes. In 2022, Boomplay worked with African head telecommunication operators, such as Airteltigo, to launch a low-cost day, week and month-long membership package, which allows users to access non-advertised and unlimited off-line downloads.
According to datasparkle, annual users of mobile applied music and audio in the major African countries in 2024 are ranked second in the list, followed only by youtubemusic, and market influence continues to grow.
4.2.3 Case 3-palmay: The leading financial science and technology platform in Africa, enabling local payments of ecology palmay to be co-incubated by sound and web, established in Nigeria in 2018; licensed as a mobile currency operator by the Central Bank of Nigeria in 2019 and officially launched services: closed-a-melt in 2021
Successfully expanded operations to Ghana, followed by palpay acquiring successive service qualifications in Tanzania and Kenya for financial science and technology services; by 2023, the number of users exceeded 30 million; in 2024, the company released Pound4 billion to 10 million savers and recorded over 35 million users and 1.1 million businesses in return for savings.
Ten thousand registered users, half a million agents and 600,000 businesses, with a daily turnover of up to 15 million. Among the “Africa’s fastest growing companies in 2025”, published jointly by the Financial Times and statista, the fastest growing financial service companies are ranked second among the 130 companies on the list.
Builds a bilateral platform to connect individuals to businesses, focusing on high-frequency payment scenes. As part of the sound-owning ecological imperative, palpay achieves full chain ownership, from financing to operation, and continuously upgrades its market penetration capacity with more flexible letter services and a continuously expanding network of channels.
The build-up covers bilateral platforms of individuals and businesses, connecting active users, agents, and business partners, creating a powerful network effect. Its product services revolve around high-frequency payment scenarios: value-added services such as free transfers, bill sharing, pay-as-you-go and consumer repatriation for individual users: smartpo terminals, anti-fraud prevention for business owners.
As a sounding platform for the Financial Services Section, palpayy reduces the threshold for smartphone purchases through a flexible instalment scheme. The service is paid down.
Longer repayment cycles and localized credit products accurately meet the consumption needs of low- and middle-income groups. This synergy is particularly evident in Bangladesh, where, according to idc statistics, 2025q1palpay has already generated 24.12.21.7 million tecno and infinix, respectively, with a 32.58 per cent/83 per cent increase in ring comparison.
At present, palpay is gradually expanding to traditional retail outlets and telecommunications cooperative ecology. The platform is working with retailers to promote marketing activities to increase consumer purchasing power and products while promoting software.asp
Palpay works in partnership with major African telecommunications operators to provide creditless instalments and achieves full-chain ecological coverage, from communication to consumption. We believe that palpay is a unique synergy through payments and credit service end-sales as the core platform for the sounding of the “cell phone + financial” eco-closed rings.
The familiarization model will continue to enhance the viscous and growth resilience of sound-promoting users in emerging markets. (1) Sub-business income and Māori forecasts.
The potential has been released and the company ' s traditional mobile phone industry is expected to continue to grow robustly, along with aiot, home power, light storage and electric vehicles, which have become increasingly well-placed, new and emerging areas such as mobile interconnections, corporate overall profit structures, and business income and Maori forecasts and key assumptions, as follows:
(1.1) Mobile phones: The company ' s mobile cellular business section is dominated by three major smart terminals: tecno, itel and infinix, with deep coverage in emerging markets such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, and continued expansion in regions such as the Middle East, Latin America, Central Europe, and Eastern Europe. The range of operations includes hardware design, multi-brand matrix operations, mobile interconnection services and post-sale sales.
As consumption increases in emerging markets and mobile Internet penetration deepens, the demand for medium- and high-end smarts is expected to grow robustly. Companies continue to consolidate their market leadership through deep localization channels, strong multi-brand strategies, and functional innovations in communications, images, and sea continuity that respond to regional demand.
At the same time, companies are keen to optimize their product structure, upgrade their medium- and high-end machine-type ratios, and deepen localization of production and supply chain integration, which is expected to lead in the future to a further increase in Māori improvement and profitability (1.2) in the expanded category of goods: the company’s expanding operations consist mainly of products such as aiot, domestic electricity, storage power, and electric cars.
In 2025, the company was able to expand its operations in the expanded category and its strategic layout continued to deepen: with regard to the aiot business, the Department cooperated with the best Spanish channelers to open up European markets through the rich aiot products; with regard to storage capacity, the company worked with the Replenishment Holdings subsidiary to deploy energy to the African Reservation Energy Market, while working with Iraqi light-storage dragons.
March to the Middle East Light Storage Market; with respect to electric vehicles, the company’s two-wheeler operation in Rwanda is well developed, increasing for the future (1.3) mobile interconnections: the company’s mobile interconnection operations consist mainly of smart terminal operating systems, o operations, stand-alone app platforms, and the business and technology hub. Africa’s mobile interconnection operations are currently in the blue sea market, with companies relying on them.
Software products such as games platforms ahagames, music streaming media booplay, and financial payment platforms palpay have performed well in African markets and there is much room for development in the future. We expect mobile interconnections to be innovative, more investment in research and development, improved end-of-life experience and product competitiveness for cellular users, with R&D fees projected for 2025.
(3) In my valuation, using a relative valuation method, we select the best-informed, Gore shares, Anke innovation, walk-throughs. We believe that the company, as a leading brand for emerging market smart terminal brands, has a clear growth path: the core.
The mobile phone business will be accompanied by a sustained increase in the penetration of the smart machines in emerging markets and a steady increase in the artificialization, high-end upgrading of the product itself, which will form the basis of the company’s development. At the same time, the company will continue to generate revenue through extension operations such as aiot, home power, storage power, and electric vehicles, mobile interconnections through the application of preloading, traffic distribution, advertising, etc.
In the future, new growth spaces will be created for companies, and valuation levels are expected to continue to rise. For the first time, coverage will be given to “buy-in” (1) risk of global macroeconomic volatility: in recent years there has been continued volatility in the international economy, with emerging market countries acting as weaker links in the global economy, which may be hit even more when volatility increases.
The consumption market on the head, and the demand for consumption in emerging markets, will become a new growth point. If macroeconomic patterns continue to be volatile in the future, they will affect the progress of replacement machines in emerging markets, which in turn will have an impact on overall sales of mobile phones (2) Technological innovation will not be able to meet the market demand risk: with the rapid development of the Internet, i-technology, hands.
The machine has evolved from its original mobile communication tool to a multifunctional intellectual end product that combines communications, entertainment, and payments. At the same time, as new technologies and new products from major mobile phone manufacturers have become less iterative, a single innovation may reshape the pattern of competition.
If firms fail to respond in a timely manner to market trend judgements, R & D resource allocation, and product rotation speeds, they may weaken their market competitiveness and have an impact on business performance. (3) The risk of new market expansion is negative: firms expanding from Africa to other emerging markets and high-conforming countries.
In the process, there are operational challenges arising from sociocultural, regulatory and other differences. The inputs required for channeling and branding are large, long-cycle, short-term profits will be lost if inputs are not as productive as expected, and the overall performance growth will result in the risk of higher prices for raw materials being higher than expected: the company’s upstream raw materials consist mainly of soc, storage, pcb, protection.
The continued price increase in recent storage of mobile units such as mobile devices, display panels, etc., may have an impact on the company ' s profitability and may pose a greater risk to the company ' s performance if subsequent storage continues to raise prices over and above expectations.