The Southwest Securities Research and Development Center recommends logic: 1. Peace Bank is the only national stock-based commercial silver in the Peace Group financial biosphere.
All right, depending on the group’s customer base, brand influence, wide distribution channels, technological power and combinations, trillions of dollars, 17.2 per cent more than year-on-year, the size of the loans on deposit has steadily increased, and the size of the loans has been growing at a rate of more than 15 per cent in recent years.
The ratio rose to more than 50 per cent, with retail operations expected to grow robustly, guided by the “retail break-through” strategy, consolidating income-side advantages and optimizing the debt-end structure. 3. The quality of assets continued to improve, the overall rate of poor business performance in 2020q3 declined, and the pressure on the provisioning of the basics of the economy decreased for better performance.
• Growth in the 2020 q3 quarter was reversed from negative to positive, with a positive net spread expected to recover. In 2020, the epidemic affected the growth in bank operating income and net profit on repatriation, which slowed down somewhat, but in the first quarter of the third quarter, the increase in net profit on quarterly returns was significantly increased from the second quarter to 35.53 per cent to 6.11 per cent, benefiting mainly from the provision.
The decline in asset yields is slightly higher than the decline in the cost of liabilities, resulting in a narrow short-term net-rate spread. Given the gradual recovery of the economy, the return to normalization of monetary policy, the expansion of low-cost corporate debt, the optimal structure of the debt, and the prospect of a smooth recovery of the net-interest gap.
Retail customer base continues to expand, contributing to cost-side optimization. The number of retail customers in companies has grown rapidly over the past few years, and despite the epidemic, the number of customers has shown strong resilience in 2020 q3, with bank retail customers aum au of $248.87 billion, an increase of 25.5% from the end of 2019, and retail customers in 2020.
The continued expansion of the retail customer base has helped to consolidate income-side advantages and optimize the debt-end structure. The quality of assets has improved markedly, and the pressure on the provision has been reduced.
As a percentage point, for the first time, it was significantly lower than the average negative rate for other equity interests. Against a background of a more restrictive perception of non-performing loans, the company’s poor rate was contained, confirming the marginal improvement in the quality of the loans.
The Bank of Peace is a national commercial bank based in Shenzhen, operating across the region and owned by Shenzhen Development Bank, Inc., to absorb the merger of the former Bank of Peace Bank, Inc.
In 2003, China secured 73% of the bank’s shares through acquisitions and replenishments; in 2004, the bank changed its name to the bank.
In 2006, the Hong Kong Bank of Shenzhen, the first city commercial bank in China, was authorized by the Chinese Banking Commission to hold 89.36% of the shares of the Hong Kong Commercial Bank of Shenzhen and to become its largest shareholder. In 2007, the Shenzhen Commercial Bank merged with the former Bank of Shenzhen to be known as Shenzhen Peace Bank. In 2009, it was renamed Peace Bank.
As a result of the consolidation of the Fujian Asian Bank, the Peace Insurance Group held 90,75% of the shares of the Peace Bank. Shenzhen Development Bank was established in December 1987 as the first Chinese public to issue and market shares.
Commercial banks. In 2010, China Peace Insurance announced its intention to purchase in full the shares of the Shenzhen Development Bank, with 90, 75% of the shares and cash held in the bank, more than 2.6 billion yuan. After the transaction was completed, China Peace Insurance held 52.4% of the shares in the Shenzhen Development Bank. In 2012, Shenzhen Development Bank financed the acquisition of less than 10% of the small shareholders in the bank.
As of September 2020, the largest shareholder of the Bank was the China Peace Insurance Group, which held 49.56% of the shares.
In 2016, the Bank began a full-scale transition to retail banks, with the strategic objective of creating “China's best and leading global intelligent retail bank” with a strategic approach of “technology leadership, retail breakthroughs, public elitism” and a comprehensive strategy of “3+2+1” for retail operations, public business, and financial associations, with a view to achieving balanced business development.
As a driver of the strategic transition, the Bank has continued to increase its investment in finance, optimize its development processes, improve its delivery efficiency, enhance its digital and online operations, and promote its transition to digital banking, eco-banking, platform banking.
8.000 people, more than 13 per cent more than at the end of the previous year, and 24.8 per cent more capital expenditures and cost inputs than in the same year, are reflected in: (1) technology enabling business development, deepening business and science and technology integration, and improving the quality and speed of delivery: (2) leading technology infrastructure platforms, continuous improvement of technology products and optimization of solutions: (3) acceleration of numbers
(b) The transformation of the word and upgrading of digital and online operations: (4) deepening the application of financial science, technology and innovation, building on the core technological resources of the Group, accelerating the integration of new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, big data, block chains, into the banking landscape, and upgrading the capacity of customers to market, operate, and manage risks.
Figure 2: Scientific input and progress in research and development by bank of Peace 1 Science and technology leadership 31.19 million monthly clients in pocket banks in 2020h1, an increase of 12.6 per cent over the same year
In 2020, the number of scientific and technical personnel (including outsourcing) exceeded 8,000, an increase of over 13 per cent from the end of the previous year, and capital expenditures and cost inputs increased by 24.8 per cent from the previous year.
A 30 per cent increase in demand for business development Building technology-based platforms Attaining 92.85 per cent of automated transport and 62.76 per cent of automated testing coverage through tooling and platform transformation
During the epidemic, the Bank used technology to accelerate online transformation and full-channel layout. 2020h1 completed more than 600 basic data standards and nearly 500 financial science, technology and innovation applications.
The Bank relies on the core technical resources of the Peace Group to accelerate the integration of new information technologies with the banking landscape, and the retail transition was completed in the first half of 2020. The main banking operations of Peace include retail finance, wholesale finance, and others.
Thanks to large customer resources and diversified marketing channels, the share of retail financial revenues from Safe Banks continued to rise, reaching 58% by 2019, with net profit contributions reaching a peak of 69.1% in recent years. Retail financial services dropped from 2.7% to 55.3% of operating income in 2020h1 – still on the table.
There's some resilience, and retail finance's contribution to net profits has declined by 14.4 to 54.7%, mainly because retail finance has increased the provision for retail assets. Although retail finance has been affected by the epidemic, it has continued to push for a transformational upgrading of retail business under the “3+2+1” strategy of Safe Banking.
Greater performance in public business. Until 2017, the Sino-Safe Bank loans went through a brutal growth phase, with a compound annual growth rate of 16.8 per cent in 2011-2016 and an acceleration in the risk of bad corporate lending in 2015 as a result of the external financial and economic situation.
From 2017 onwards, the Bank began to shift its focus from quantity to quality, gradually adapting its public credit structure, increasing the exit of high-risk sector clients, accounting for $162.6 billion in non-performing loans, and achieving a double reduction in the balance of non-performing business loans by 2019.
In 2020, in the face of the epidemic, the Bank increased its efforts to deal with the problem, while providing differentiated emergency financial services. By 2020, the balance of non-performing corporate loans had fallen to $14,223 million, or 1.31 per cent.
The three main pillars of banking, trading banks, integrated finance, with a focus on the “Strategic, Micro,” two core groups, with a strong asset quality “one lifeline”, will be further refined for the public sector.
The new three years are expected to achieve asset quality and industry by focusing on client focus, excellence, focus on three pillars of operations, expand two core constituencies, maintain a lifeline, and maintain a positive trend in the epidemic.