2022H1 performance meets expectations, product structure optimizes growth - Slanwa (60046.sh) incident evaluation report Slanwa released semi-annual performance report 2022: first half of 2022
Gross operating income of $4.185 billion, an increase of 26.5 per cent from the previous year, resulting in a strong downstream demand order and a steady increase in performance
Step up, benefiting mainly from higher demand for related products such as automobiles and new energy sources, with companies seizing the time window for domestic high-threshold industries and customers actively importing home-grown chips, continuing new technology and product development and continuously optimizing product structure and delivery
In terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori rate and net road and luminous diode revenues for the second half of 2022 were 1.353 billion yuan and $364 million, respectively, an increase of 20.8 per cent and 23.75 per cent, respectively.
The product structure continues to be optimized, with companies operating on a long-term basis well. Currently, nearly 70% of the revenues from the company's electrical circuits and finished appliances come from high-threshold markets such as white electricity, telecommunications, industry, new energy sources, cars.
Q1 performance, the company's ipm module passed $660 million in the first half of 2022.
Over 60 per cent long, with the introduction of the ipm volt area for new energy car air conditioning compressor drivers 2022-04-22 and the completion of bulk supply by domestic top car air conditioning press manufacturers; electrical control class
Slanwa (600460) Company Review: Multi-product mcu products continue to benefit fully from industrial frequency transformers, industrial ups, photovoltaic reverses, textile and mechanical wire expansion.
A wide range of domains, such as servo products, variable fan applications and electric bicycles, are widely used; Slanwa (600460) company reviews based on autonomously developed v-digbt and frd chips: 2021
The performance forecast is higher than expected, the home-grown idm tap high-speed main motor drive module has been tested by a number of customers in the country and has grown up 2022-01-24.
The company has the capacity to produce 70,000 vehicle-grade modules per month in some of its customers' bulk supply; the mems sensor product will accelerate the flow to white power, industry and cars, in addition to continuing to increase its supply in such consumer areas as smartphones, wearing equipment, etc.
In the case of separation devices, products such as mos, gbt high power modules, Short knobs, etc. are growing faster, and the technology of the superb separation devices such as mos, gbt, etc. is continuing to progress faster, and the product performance is up to the industry's leading level.
The effect of scale has been to show that there is a clear yield of Idm. In terms of capacity, 1) Slan integration is basically in full-load production for the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, a total of 8 inch chips were produced, amounting to 31.14 million pieces of high-value-added products, while the implementation of “360,000 12 inch chips per year” was initiated.
A total of 22.17 million chips in inches, an increase of 287.58 per cent over the same period, will be added in the future to fast-track the separation fences sgt-mos, high-pressure super-laden moss, igbt, high-voltage integrated circuits, etc. on the 12 inch line; 4) a total output extrapolating cores of each size of the sum of the KDR output.
Thirty-five hundred and eighty-seven thousand pieces, an increase of 10.81 per cent over the same period, of which 12 inches of extra-extensive chip output increased considerably, led to a faster increase in the harvest.
Continued expansion of inputs into power devices and power modules to cover production lines, with a similar increase of 44.78 per cent. Currently 130 million annual production-intelligence modules, 1.5 million annual industrial and vehicle-grade power modules and 1 billion annual production-power units have been formed.
Only, 200 million annual mems sensors, 40 million annual optical appliances, downside industry risks, output uphills are not as fast as expected, industries compete to exacerbate risks, overseas policy changes, etc.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Liu Xing: Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design at Nanyang University of Technology, Singapore, formerly set up in the Chinese Science and Technology Academy of the Ministry of Science and Technology of the Republic of Hong Kong, Chi Ying Yi: Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, a combination of electronics and finance, reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.