2022h1 product structure continues to improve and production line construction accelerates growth in Slanwa (600460.sh) 2022h1 performance and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
2022q2 is on the market, with a significant increase in corporate net profits. The company’s 2022q2 position of non-repatriation of the tourism industry divides, and the company’s continued initiative to upgrade the product structure and demonstrate performance resilience. As the public sector’s high-end productive capacity rises, the process platform continues to improve, and high-end products such as car regulations gobt are released.
We keep a “buy-in” rating for the company, which is expected to grow well in terms of the market’s dominance and performance. Quite close to the country’s alternative window, and move to high-end markets that are effective, with companies focusing on high-end customers and high-threshold markets, focusing on the current rapid growth of the automobile and new energy industries.
In the first half of 2022, close to 70% of the sales of company circuits and equipment products came from high-threshold markets such as white power, communications, industry, new energy, automobiles, etc.
*Crystal circle + encapsulation capacity building continues to advance, and the rapid release of high-end vehicle capacity is on the 12-inch-two project of the Xiamensran Composite Section, which accelerates the sgt-mos, high-pressure supermers, igbt, high-voltage integrated circuits, etc., at the 12-inch line. 2022h1, Sranco, 12-inch total line, etc.
The proposed auto-grade module encapsulation project, with a strong mass supply capacity, with an increase in the city's share of the chip production project, has also been put into production and is expected to continue with the 12-inch production capacity of the company at the higher end of the company.
In the area of containment capacity, the company’s subsidiary, Chengdu, has continuously expanded its input into the power plant, the power module, and the production line, which now has 70,000 vehicle-grade models per month.
The production line is growing rapidly — the production capacity of the corporate update will continue to expand, and it is hoped that the company will increase the market share of the vehicle power module.
Growth Dynamics Adequate - Corporate Information Update