The new market is expanding well, and the ipm module is increasing rapidly.
Hundreds of millions of dollars, more than 60% of the same year, and products start to be supplied in bulk by domestic top car air-conditioning press manufacturers. Mems collects $150 million, +7.8% of the year, and gyroscopes produce small quantities. From a breakdown of the market ratio, companies play an idm advantage, focusing on high-end customers and high-threshold markets, white power, telecommunications, industry, gas.
The share of high-threshold products, such as cars and photovoltaics, is close to 70%. In the future, companies are expected to take advantage of the chip’s national production to replace it, and to increase the volume of devices and circuits that meet the requirements of the car’s regulations and industry along the production lines, thereby increasing overall growth and operational efficiency.
The crystal circle and envelope production can be continuously upgraded to ensure steady growth in subsequent operations. The company continues to expand the crystal production capacity, producing 31.14 million crystals in the first half of \triangleright, and has initiated the implementation of “360,000 12 inches of annual production”.
Line project, 12 inches of crystal circle production, 22.17 million pieces. At the same time, the company has embarked on the sic power device chip production line construction project, which is steadily moving forward, seeking q4 lines. With regard to encapsulation capacity, the company ' s electric vehicle main module has been tested by a number of clients, producing 70,000 units per month, and in Chengdusland.
Slanwa (600460/sh) reported in the first quarter of 2022: q1 has a high level of innovation, plus a 12-inch production line consolidation capacity, and has planned the “Annual Production 7.2 million Automobile Power Class Module Encapsulation Project” as of 1h22, corporate ipm.
It can reach 130 million, pim modules 1.5 million, power devices 1 billion, mems sensors 200 million, Slanwa (6046.sh) 2021 Annual Report Review: Continuous product upgrading, multiple downstream flowering, 22-year performance indicator
\triangleright highlights confidence - 2022/04/01 3. Slanwa (60046.sh) incident point
Review: Grand Fund Replenishment, Rancerco, 12 inches of production line construction, keeping in mind the ongoing upscaling of corporate production, high-threshold product ratios, steady growth in revenue collection, and continued push for new markets in the future 2022/02/22
4. Slanwa (600460/sh) performance forecast: continuous high performance methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.